===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-29 13:00:00) =====
Andy Hedberg - VP, IR:
Christophe Beck - Chairman & CEO:
Scott Kirkland - CFO:
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Ecolab First Quarter 2025 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. A question-answer session will follow today's formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. At this time, it's now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andy Hedberg, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you Mr. Hedberg, you may now begin.
Andy Hedberg: Thank you, and hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's first quarter conference call. With me today are Christophe Beck, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO; and Scott Kirkland, our CFO. A discussion of our results, along with our earnings release and the slides referencing the quarter results are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements in these materials, which state that this teleconference and the associated supplemental materials include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described under the Risk Factors section in our most recent Form 10-K and in our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Christophe Beck for his comments.
Christophe Beck: Thank you Andy and welcome to everyone on the call today. Really pleased to share the results of another strong quarter of double-digits earnings growth, thanks to our team's focus on delivering best-in-class outcomes for our customers no matter what. This is Ecolab at its best, demonstrating the strength of our team, our proven operating model and the breadth and health of our business. Our superior performance reflected solid 3% growth in organic sales and strong 12% growth in EPS, as we continue to significantly outpace software markets. This was driven by our team's ability to achieve attractive market share gains through our One Ecolab growth initiative and increased value pricing, all supported by our focus on delivering exceptional value to our customers, as we've always done. This good top-line momentum, along with improved productivity from our investments in digital technologies, drove 190 basis point increase in our operating income margin. And this marks another important step in executing on our objective of delivering a 20% operating income margin by 2027, as we've talked many times. Looking ahead, the complexity of the global operating environment is increasing with softer end market demand and rapid changes in international trade policies. With external conditions changing, we are naturally making proactive adjustments to our near-term delivery path. But importantly, our overall expectations for earnings this year remain unchanged. At the same time, we're continuing to make smart investments in our growth engines to fuel our top-line, expand our margins and build our future. So let me spend a few minutes on each topic to share what we are seeing and explain, why I believe we're well-positioned to deliver strong year and long-term performance. First on demand, we saw end market trends soften a bit, particularly in the heavy industrial markets, as customer production rates in some industries have eased. We outperformed these trends, because the technologies and services we provide to our customers are absolutely critical to their operations, as they leverage our latest breakthrough innovations. And additionally, we also helped them to significantly reduce their total operating cost, which they need now more than ever. And this led to a very strong new business in the first quarter, kind of a record actually. These were broad-based wins across our businesses and markets around the world, showing that, our value proposition continues to resonate with customers. When demand has stabilized over the past few weeks, we expect it to remain soft for the remainder of the year. As such, we remain optimistic, fully focused on generating new business and on installing our strong existing new business pipeline to continue to outgrow our markets and as always to gain share. Now regarding the rapidly-changing global trade environment. We're much better positioned than most, but we're not completely immune. Our robust and agile global supply chain is a true competitive advantage that sets us apart in the marketplace. And as we've demonstrated for decades, we're there for our customers when they need us the most. No matter what, we will never ever let them down. Through our local-for-local model, we've strategically positioned ourselves so that more than 90% of our sales are produced close to our customers, allowing us to effectively navigate challenges like this with quite a high level of confidence. We're therefore leveraging the strength of Ecolab to mitigate the impact of the 10% global baseline tariff. However, global tariffs greater than 10% and 145% tariff placed on China are having broader impact on the cost of some raw materials, packaging and some equipment. Even though we don't import much from China, we expect the annualized impact from tariffs and increased local supplier cost due to higher on-shoring demand to be a few hundred million dollars. To mitigate this impact, we recently announced a 5% rate surcharge for all customers in The United States only. This surcharge leverages the tools and capabilities we built a few years ago to ensure we can reliably supply customers, while also delivering value to them that exceeds the total price increase, so it's a win-win situation. So we expect the benefit from the trade surcharge to build over the coming months with full implementation beginning in third quarter. As a result, we anticipate organic sales growth in the second quarter to be similar to slightly better than the first quarter, as we accelerate in the second half. While we focus on executing well to overcome the challenging near-term operating environment, we're also continuing to invest in our long-term growth engines, including Life Sciences, Pest Intelligence, Global High-Tech and Ecolab Digital. Each of these engines are at different stages of development, but all are performing very well with attractive long-term growth and margin potential. Life Sciences, which is now a standalone segment, grew organic sales mid single-digits and delivered organic operating income growth of more than 30%. For this, our biopharma business grew sales double-digits driving attractive share gains as we leverage our investments in breakthrough innovation, global capabilities and capacity expansion. Further investment in this attractive business will continue to have a near-term impact on operating income margins. However, we firmly believe, this positions Life Sciences very well to accelerate its long-term growth and deliver operating income margins close to 30%. Our Pest Elimination business continues its rapid deployment of Pest Intelligence, Ecolab's proprietary digital solution that provides real time insight into pest activity for customers across their enterprises. This program is growing extremely fast, and we're able to deliver even better test free outcomes for customers with enhanced service capability. As mentioned during prior calls, we're investing heavily in this program, which has impacted growth and operating income growth near-term. We'll begin annualizing these initial investments pretty soon. And as a result, we expect operating income margin for this segment to get back closer to 20% in the second quarter. We expect this program to fuel continued attractive sales growth and even further margin expansion, as it's deployed over the next few years. In Global Hi-Tech Water, business continues to perform exceptionally well, as we deploy breakthrough innovation to the significant and expanding market. Global High-Tech sales growth accelerated to nearly 30%, leveraging our leading innovation and global capability to develop water circularity for microelectronics production, as we call pads, and high performance cooling for data centers. And finally, as promised, this quarter we began reporting top-line performance for Ecolab Digital. This includes lease revenue from technology hardware 3D TRASAR and software subscriptions like Water Quality Intelligence. In the first quarter, Ecolab Digital grew sales 12% to $80 million or $320 million on an annualized basis, driven by extremely strong growth in subscription revenue. We expect this growth rate to accelerate throughout the rest of the year and beyond, as we expand our digital offerings across our customer base and across Ecolab businesses to capture more of this multibillion dollar high margin growth opportunity. As these growth engines continue to scale, we expect they will increasingly impact Ecolab's sales growth and operating income margins in the years to come. In closing, we're clearly planning to win and we're very well-positioned to navigate this complex external operating environment. And I'm confident that, the best of Ecolab is still ahead of us. Our unique capability to deliver innovative solutions that help our customers achieve best-in-class outcomes, enhance operational performance and conserve natural resources like water and energy are in need now more than ever. Our strong and resilient free cash flow combined with an extremely healthy balance sheet with over $1 billion in cash and a 1.8x net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio puts us in unique position of strength to take advantage of both organic and inorganic growth opportunities. This in turn allows us to deliver even greater value to customers and attractive returns for shareholders. I'm confident we are well positioned to deliver another strong year in 2025 and beyond. So thanks again for your continued trust and investment in Ecolab. I look forward to your questions.
Andy Hedberg: Thanks, Christophe. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, would you please begin the question-and-answer period?
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Tim Mulrooney with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Luke McFadden: Hi. This is Luke McFadden on for Tim Mulrooney. Thanks for taking our questions. I know you've talked about sourcing more than 90% of your raw materials regionally. So, on the surface, it sounds like you're pretty well insulated from the trade war in any given region. But if we take, for example, The U.S., where you have many companies scrambling to onshore as much of their supply chains as possible and as fast as possible, is this having any kind of a second derivative impact on your domestically sourced materials? And just maybe as a follow-up, I was hoping you could just level set us on where you expect pricing to ultimately shake out in 2025 after taking into consideration the recent surcharge? Thanks.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Luke. Good to hear you. First, as you said, we're in a very fortunate situation with our local-for-local strategy where 92% of what we sell is produced locally. We didn't do that for tariffs. Obviously, that's something that we've built over years, mostly to secure supply to our customers, to have it at most optimized cost, and it helped us for FX. And now it's helping us, unfortunately, if I may say, it's for tariffs. So that's a very good place to be for our customers and our company. That's also helping us to mitigate the 10% that we're kind of expected for 2025. So, we feel good about the overall plan that we had for 2025. Obviously, there are the two small exceptions, if I may say. You mentioned both of them, Luke, on one hand. So China and the move from many companies, as you said, to source in The U.S., which drives prices higher as well at the same time. So talking about China, we don't buy much from them, because 99% of what we sell there is produced locally, but we still import roughly $100 million from China. But when you apply 145% tariff on top of the inflation on local sourcing here in The U.S. because of people so on-shoring, as you mentioned, you get to some meaningful numbers, hence the nominal trade surcharge of the 5% that will be entering in effect on May 1st. So this trade surcharge will apply only in The U.S. and the commitment that we've made to our customers is also to make sure that, the value we provide to them, incremental savings in their operations will overcome the total pricing, that we are asking from them as well at the same time in a typical win, win situation as we practice for many, many years with our customers. Ultimately, to answer your other questions as well in terms of delivered product costs, we started the year, kind of market was slightly up. Our net P&L impact was slightly down because of the efficiencies that our great supply chain and procurement teams could deliver. And if I look forward, so in the quarters to come, it's probably going to be probably more towards mid single-digits increase, when we put everything together with everything we know now. Obviously, things can change in the weeks or months to come. And, if I think about the overall pricing, with the surcharge, I think we will get close to 3%, maybe better. We will see how that works. But all in progressing very well. I like how the team has gotten ahead of what's happening on the market and done in a way that's a win, win for customers and for our shareholders as well at the same time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you. Christophe, in mid March, we had already started talking about you're seeing weakness in the demand environment broadly. And I was just wondering, if you could give us an update since then. Have things gotten worse? Did that happen kind of in advance of what people see here? Just some flavor there and in terms of how we should think of that translating into the volume assumptions for the rest of the year.
Christophe Beck: It's a good question, Manav. In February, so the second half February, we saw that dip in demand, especially in the heavier industries, that we're serving. And, I was not sure, if it would keep going down, in the weeks to come. And if I look back, since we talked, a month plus ago, it dipped but it can stabilize, at that lower level since then, which I take, as a reasonably good news. But I don't take that as a given for the rest of the year. My assumption is that, it's going to keep softening in the months to come. It's not going to be a straight line because of the events happening out there. So as a team in a typically Ecolab fashion, it's to focus on offense, it's to play to win, it's to focus on new business. The new business in the first quarter has been very strong. It's been a real record for our whole team. So, we're kind of generating our own tailwind, which is why, I feel confident that, we should have positive volume in 2025. We see how strong that's going to come. But as far as I can see, I feel reasonably good and the stabilization over the past few weeks is kind of at least short-term reassuring element.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Ashish Sabadra: Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to focus on the Institutional and Specialty segment. I was just wondering, if you could talk about the demand trends there, what you're seeing from a foot traffic perspective, and as you continue to drive the digital solution, how you can help offset some of the weakness we might see from a foot traffic or occupancy perspective? Thanks.
Christophe Beck: Yes, great question, Ashish. Thank you. Generally, our INS business is doing really, really well. And it keeps on that trajectory, which is really encouraging. I love what this team is doing. It's about gaining shares the right way by helping our customers produce more meals and serve more guests, while reducing their cost of labor and energy and water and waste as well at the same time. It's important. So when we look at the overall number of INS, we know that, we have health care in there now, which is we're using one percentage point. The INS number, so institutional division is growing at 5%, very steady, very strong, very good. Specialty is actually underlying growing even much faster than what we see in our reported numbers, because it was kind of the last quarter-ish of a private label business, that we decided to discontinue last year and that business is going to improve. And there is also a natural shift in more difficult economic times from foodservice restaurants to quick serve restaurants. So that's going to have specialty as well. So feel really good about the INS trajectory. Margins are improving nicely. It's not going to be the same improvement for every quarter coming up, but it's going to keep improving in the quarters to come as well. It's at the highest margin level it's ever been. So, in a very good place, good growth, doing the right thing for customers, margins improving, and innovation in that business, that's at the strongest point it's ever been, as well. So really happy with what's happening in INS, not in an easy situation.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
John McNulty: Yes, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. So you've been pushing the Ecolab One initiative pretty hard. I guess, can you help us to think about the growth the business saw for those roughly 35 accounts, say, versus the core, just so we can get a better feel for the volume trends there in this kind of new big push initiative?
Christophe Beck: Thank you, John. It's the One Ecolab initiative actually, which you're right, is focused on growth. So, I'll be careful not to disclose too much numbers. But our focused accounts are progressing very well, because if I remember, I'll remind you a little bit the broader picture. One Ecolab is to increase our share of the $55 billion penetration opportunity that we have, mostly with our corporate accounts and we started focusing on our top 35 that are doing really well. How do we approach them? It's best-in-class approach. It's basically, for each of those customers understand what is their best operating unit that they have around the world in terms of product outcome, cost performance, environmental impact and then drive that performance across their own network. We translate that, obviously, in a dollar TVD, total value delivered, and we give ourselves a few years to get there as well. That's the general approach strategically. One Ecolab as a program, as a platform enables all that, so for our firm clients to get that done. So we're early on that journey, John. I like the progress that we're making here. Customers are very interested in that because, it's cool insights to know what's best in class within my company or outside my company within the industry as well. And as you know, so on the internal side, from a productivity perspective as well, One Ecolab is improving and progressing very well, not in terms of cost-cutting, but in terms of operational performance, because of AI platforms that we're using, in some critical processes. We're using agents as well at the forefront, as well as technology. And so far, it's working really well, which is why we're ahead as well of our savings delivery on that program. So, on both fronts growth and performance improvements, we see some very good progress.
Operator: The next question is from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Christophe, you announced a surcharge back in 2022 for energy. Can you remind us the success of that surcharge? How much did you realize versus what you announced? And would you expect a similar or higher realization on this surcharge this time around? Thank you.
Christophe Beck: So, the good news is that in 2022, that was the first time we were doing a surcharge like that. Honestly, I knew that the team would get something done. I didn't know how quick and how much we would truly get. And it worked out really well. As we all remember, everything stuck as well, got converted into structured pricing, driven by value generated for customers as well, all in that win, win approach between customers and shareholders ultimately here. So we had this 8% surcharge back then. At the highest, it went up to 5% surcharge, then it got converted into structured price. So you lost track a little bit of what was the net impact of it. But, it worked out very well actually here. So we see how it works on this one. It's the same platform. It's the same approach. It's on one country, as mentioned. So just in The U.S. at least for now, we'll see what happens with the tariffs, as well as going forward. So it's not a perfect science, but generally, it works quite well. And really, our objective is to mitigate, obviously, so the incremental cost while driving even more savings at the customer location in order to make sure that, we have something that is sustainable. So this time around, I feel quite good that, that's going to work the way that it's intended.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you. Last quarter in Pest, you had some safety issues which had a profitability or negative profitability impact to them. Comments today said that, those metrics are getting back in the right direction. So I'm just curious, in the first quarter, were there still sort of adverse costs associated with that? And is there any adverse costs still expected in the guidance for the back half?
Scott Kirkland: Yes. There were some, as I mentioned actually, so last quarter. So it doesn't happen, obviously, on a calendar basis. But generally, the safety insurance costs are getting behind us. And as I mentioned last time, for me, that was mostly a human issue. I knew that, it would be kind of short-to-mid term, but happy that our safety performance has improved dramatically. In Pest Elimination, we've installed in most vehicles now, so dash cans, that are looking at where the vehicles are going and how is the driver behaving as well. We've reduced dramatically our safety incidents by doing so, so that we are leveraging all those best practices for other businesses, all our folks that are on the road, as you know. So we have close to 30,000 people on the road generally. So as unfortunate and sad as it was for Pest, I think that we're getting this one under control. At the same time, we can leverage all what we've learned across the company. It's going to take time because that's practical work, obviously to get them. So that's moving progressively behind us. At the same time, we are shifting towards Pest Intelligence, which is this remote monitoring of devices, mousetraps, for a different word, obviously. That's quite a heavy lift for our team. We've completed one of the major retailers with it as well, with very good results, with much more pest free environment, at a lower cost, which is a really good proposition. But all in, obviously, it works. It takes time. That has an impact slightly on growth and our margins. But generally, I'm really happy with that business, with the leadership team, with the mindset we have on that team. The best days of Pest Elimination are ahead of us. And as you will see, Q2 margins are going to improve quite substantially, as I mentioned in my remarks as well at the beginning. Overall, a very good story that keeps getting better.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Patrick Cunningham with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Patrick Cunningham: Hi, good afternoon. Very helpful disclosure on the digital sales. You mentioned an accelerating growth rate throughout the year and over the coming years. What sort of growth rates and margin accretion are you anticipating? And can you unpack this anticipated growth between software subscriptions versus hardware sales?
Christophe Beck: Yes. So a few questions, Patrick, in your question here. We're going to learn together, obviously, as we keep reporting on that. So, we're not disclosing margin of that yet, because we need to do it the right way. There's a lot of accounting practices that we need to get right, obviously for that. We're going to get there as soon as we're ready to do it. But as you can imagine, it's very high, because you have almost no, obviously, materials related to it, since it's all digital. To your question on hardware versus software, hardware needs to be installed, because it's AI-ish machines, it's pest intelligence devices, it's three d tracer and so on. So that grows nicely, but at the much lower growth rate than software, which is as it's called software. So we don't need to install anything except on a computer getting the right connection and monetizing the subscription as we progress. So as you know, most of what we do in digital today has been done for a few years or many years for free. And as we upgrade technology, software and consumption models as well, so we charge slightly for it as well, to do it in a smart way for our customers, always driven by generating more value than what we're charging. That's the EROI approach from the company. But when you think about it, we have 100,000 devices that are connected today. We have over 1,000,000 customer locations with a lot of devices that we could connect in each of them. Most of them are not being monetized, which is what drives me towards clearly knowing that we will be building a multibillion business through Ecolab Digital. We're in the early innings of that journey. So the fact that, we have over 300 million already growing double-digits and accelerating in the quarters to come as well, which showing a little bit the potential of that growth opportunity that we have here, which I think is going to be significant in the midterm.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Chris Parkinson with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Parkinson: Good afternoon. Chris, a hit few on your growth engines. But when you cross over Pest Elimination, light water with data center, as well as kind of the green shoots for the recovery and Life Sciences and Biopharma. In the intermediate term, what are you the most enthusiastic about? And are there any of those three that you think you're going to further evolve your go-to-market strategy to further solidify yourself as kind of the go to, in any of those substrates? Thank you.
Christophe Beck: Thanks, Chris. I love and hate that question because you're asking is which kid I love the most. That's a bit of a hard one. They're all very well-positioned. But, if I have to pick one, it would be data centers cooling, where we have not only a huge opportunity, but the right to win. As we shared, we have cooling expertise that no one else has. We have fluids monitoring capabilities that no one else has as well at the same time. So we're bringing the three components of data center cooling so nicely together between cooling tower CDUs, so coolant distribution units, and we're producing those as we speak. And third, the access to the chip as well, while you monitor through 3D TRASAR on the overall data center. So, when I look at the number of data centers we have out there, the growth of data center construction as well the fact that chips used to be changed every three years. Now it's getting closer to every six months, especially if there are direct-to-chip codes as well at the same time. There's a lot of work and there's a lot of operating service that we need to provide as well. I love that business, the way we're building it with high-tech companies as well at the same time. Early on that journey, but in a great position. We're growing really fast, great margins, and it's going to be really big going forward.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Hi. Thank you very much. Christophe, can you talk a little bit about Pest and where you -- when you expected to get growth accelerate back to what we've been seeing kind of the upper single-digits range? You talked about the margin getting better next quarter. But I want to ask a little bit about the revenue growth. And then, I noticed that, two part or just one, but you mentioned something about agentic.ai and using that. If you don't mind expanding on exactly where you're using that within the company. Thank you.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Shlomo. I'm going to pass the second question on agentic to Scott, who is becoming an expert in that area by the day. Maybe first on Pest Elimination. First, we're growing 5%, which is kind of a good problem to have to you point. So, we want to see that business get back to the high single type of growth pattern as well. I feel really good in getting towards that probably sometime during the second half of the year and certainly, in '26 and beyond because we are building, so the most advanced Pest Elimination platform that's out there. We have all the capabilities, all the cloud platform, all the AI capabilities. We have 1,500 people that are working on digital technology in our company. It's hard to beat, obviously, in our industry. Not where exactly I'd like to be, with the 5%, today. The team doesn't like it, either. But we know why we're there, it's because of all the transformation work that we're doing. But we know as well at the same time that, that transformation work is going to pay dividends, going forward. So, getting at the higher growth rate sometime in the second half of the year, I would say, is a good expectation. Maybe Scott on agentic, what you got?
Scott Kirkland: Yes, absolutely, Shlomo. As Christophe said, we're using the agentic solutions, developing those in One Ecolab. But starting with building a foundation that we'll be able to use across the enterprise. But within One Ecolab, because it's very focused on the customers in the field, that's the processes that we're starting with, the processes close to the customers and closest to the sales team. So think lead to cash processes and looking at those initial use cases. And then as we build those, we'll be able to build off into other end-to-end processes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Roberts with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
John Roberts: Thank you. Your dispensing equipment, whether it's a dishwasher or a 3D TRASAR machine, is bundled into your pricing. Is the surcharge primarily around covering the costs related to the dispensing equipment?
Scott Kirkland: No, John. That's one component because some of it comes from China, but we have also chemistry that's coming from China. We have packaging that sometimes coming from China. So, it's pretty broad-based. But as mentioned, John, we're talking about $100 million that we're importing from China, so for $16 billion company, it's not exactly huge. But when you add 145% surcharge tariff on that, obviously, so you get too meaningful number. And then you have everybody else that is localizing sourcing of everything they buy in The U.S. right now, which is driving purchasing cost up as well, which is a derivative from what's happening between U.S. and China. And that's across the board. It's not just an equipment and dispensing technology. But we're talking about manageable numbers here, which is why I feel pretty good about how we can mitigate that and to do that in a way that's good for customers as well.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steve Byrne with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question. Mr. Byrne, you're live for question.
Steve Byrne: Sorry about that. Just another couple of questions on the surcharge. Is there any particular linkage in this, like, it's not natural gas or like your prior one? Is there the potential that, it could be reversed if there was some resolution in tariffs, or do you think you could convert this into more of a structural price increase rather quickly? And just one more comment, Christophe, you mentioned that, you demonstrate value in your price increases. Do you have to generate or demonstrate an incremental 5% value to your customers associated with the surcharge?
Christophe Beck: Yes. Steve, a few elements to unpack your question here. First, on the value piece, this is what we call total value delivered, which we document and align and agree with customers. We've done that for years. This is a very well-practiced process on how much we help them save in operating costs, in product improvements and in environmental impact as well. And in many cases, we even measure that on a real time basis through connected chemistry to the Ecolab 3D cloud. So this is something we know extremely well how to do. And we sit together with customer when we look at a price increase like the trade surcharge, 5% is nominal. It's not a big number and usually we're between 1% to 3% of their total cost as well in their operation. So we're talking about fairly small numbers for the customers. But, still, we take it very seriously, and we want to make sure that for the customer, it's a win, win. So a practice that we know very well how to do. The second on tariffs going away, I'm not going to make personal comments on that. But I don't think that it's going to disappear. The 10% of baseline is here to stay. We haven't heard what's happening as well with Europe, especially other countries, as well around the world. It's not going to be zero. We know that as well. And as mentioned before, the tariff from China is on kind of almost every product coming from there with a few exception. But for us, it's mostly all products. The onslaught impact of people on-shoring in The U.S. is pretty broad-based, as well at the same time. So it's kind of an overall tide. It's not individual raw materials or packaging or equipment out there in a way makes it easier to manage than just a few as we'll hear because at the end of the day, we can mitigate that with a nominal surcharge, as we're going to do so on May 1st. The last part of your question, shifting trade surcharge into a structural price. That's exactly what we did with the energy surcharge, which was much higher as mentioned earlier as well, so a few years back. We know how to do it. We've demonstrated we can do it. We've held as well relationship with customers while we did it as well. So our approach is to make sure, it ends up in structured price as quickly as we can. But this is not a perfect science. It depends on the customer, the industry, the situation, but that's the ultimate goal.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Michael Harrison with Seaport Research. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Harrison: Good afternoon. I have kind of a higher level question here associated with the guidance. So you maintained your full year EPS guidance. But if I look at what's happened with the dollar, FX has really swung from being a headwind, when you initially issued this guidance a few months ago, to being a tailwind, probably in the rest of the year. So should we think of the guidance and maintaining guidance, as some FX tailwind or FX good guys offset by lower underlying market expectations, or have your underlying market expectations not really changed that much? And maybe the currency is something that could potentially give you upside in the rest of the year. Thank you.
Christophe Beck: I'll let Scott make a few comments here. But what I'd say is that, we will deliver the same promise, the same expectations quarter-by-quarter and for the full year. But the path to get there has been different. We've seen it in the first quarter and will be different in the quarters to come, depending on what we know, as we've been discussing on that goal, and what we don't know that we'll have, so to trigger new actions as well, so in the months to come. So same delivery, different path. The FX component is one of them, but it's a complicated equation. This is not the name of the game. It's one of the many drivers that we have or can deal with. Scott, any comment on that?
Scott Kirkland: Yes, sure, Mike. As Christophe said, there's a lot of variables, very dynamic environment. Specific to the FX, in Q1, as we expected, that was the headwind as we disclosed about 4% to EPS. And although more recently FX has improved, it's a volatile dynamic environment. And so, we're going in this with a very clear view and believe that FX is still going to be a headwind for the full year although, maybe a bit better than we originally expected.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. I think I have a two part question. Your Global Water business year-over-year was down a little bit in operating income, in the quarter. Why was that? Revenues grew year-over-year. I think you had positive pricing. Secondly, when you look at the water business, a lot of the water business is propylene derivatives. And, maybe propylene derivatives are down 20% year-over-year. Chlorine is down. Ethylene is down. Oil is down. When you -- and if you look at your cost of goods sold, your cost of goods sold overall is down 3%. When you go to your customers and you say that, you want a surcharge, do they resist at all, or do they feel that it's amply justified in the current environment?
Christophe Beck: Jeff, two different questions here, again for the price is one. The first one, the Water OI or operating income for the first quarter, the simple answer is, it was Europe. And it was because of last year, we had a 200% increase in operating income in Europe in 2024. So, it's the year-on-year comparison on Europe. That's the single story. Otherwise, a very good story, and you'll see that in the second quarter and going forward as well in water. So I feel good about that. The second part of your question, our DPC market, everything we buy, Jeff, the 10,000 raw materials and packaging that we're buying out there, they're up, they're not down. So when we look at everything together, if you look at all the indices, our basket is up. Then, you have our procurement team doing great work. We've been reducing as well our operating expenses, or improved our operating performance in the plant as well around the world. And then, you end up on a DPC, delivered product cost, net, net that is 1% to 2% better than it was a year ago. That's going to change and it's changing right now. We see it as well all the reasons I mentioned on that call being import from China, being the onslaught here on The U.S. market as well, which is why I expect, DPC and it is trending right now, towards low single up to mid single up in the months to come. This is clearly sort of the trajectory that we're seeing right now. This is what we're discussing as well with customers. I'll remind you that, the core discussion we have with our customers is not on the cost side, it is really how much can we help them improve their operating performance as well. At the same time, this is real time, this is documented, this is aligned with customers, this is approved with customers. This is not just Ecolab coming up. So it's what we believe we saved with them, is what we believe we've saved together. That needs to be in the P&L as well at the same time. That's the whole discussion that we have with them. This is not new, but it contains part of the input cost, but the whole discussion is related to value.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Laurence Alexander: Good afternoon. Could you speak a little bit about how a shift in The U.S. to aggressive deregulation would either create opportunities or headwinds for your institutional and pest businesses on a secular basis?
Christophe Beck: The short answer here is, we haven't seen anything yet in terms of impact of the regulation on any business. I hope we're going to see that, because this is a very important element of focus that we expect from the industry and that's been promised by the administration as well. At the same time, this is something that we should see as well in our downstream business. This is hard to see right now. So I remain hopeful that, that's going to help industry in The U.S. in the month and quarter to come. But so far, we haven't seen any positive sign in the numbers.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jason Hass with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Hass: Good afternoon and thanks for taking my question. I was curious, if you could talk about what trends you're seeing in the Life Sciences segment and if you expect that growth to accelerate through this year? Thanks.
Christophe Beck: Yes, Jason. We've been building that business, for a few years. We've been growing not as fast as we were hoping. Obviously, early on when we acquired Purolite, especially at the end of 2021, competition was down double-digits. We were up single-digits. We kind of felt good about our delivery, but not as good as we were hoping for, as we were gaining share, innovating, building capabilities, which means getting the right expertise, so on our team building capacity as well in terms of manufacturing capacity with the highest levels of quality as well. That takes time to get done, obviously. Unlike a lot what the team has done over the last three years, we see now that business turning up in very nice ways as well. I think we're getting to the place we were expecting at some point. The market is turning a bit better. That helps. Our business is doing even better for all the reasons, I mentioned before as well. We keep investing as you see the margin, operating income margin that we have in the business are kind of reported in the mid-teens. If you look at underlying, so if you strip out the early investment, it's more in the mid-20s. So that's why I feel pretty good about that business keeping accelerating its top-line and getting sort of an operating income that's getting closer to 30%, as we've been targeting early on, and as I've shared with you as well. And that's been the case during Investor Day as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Josh Spector with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Josh Spector: Good afternoon. I had a question just on SG&A. You've done a good job controlling that and you actually brought it down in the quarter. I guess I thought the SG&A as a percentage of sales would decline over time as you grew SG&A slower than sales, but you actually brought that down. So I was curious, one, what do you expect SG&A dollars to grow or decline for this year? And then two, are you pulling any additional levers with SG&A already to help to achieve your goals for this year? Thanks.
Christophe Beck: Yes. Thank you, Josh. I'm going to pass that question to Scott, who has become a PhD in the SG&A management. Scott?
Scott Kirkland: Yes. Thanks for the question, Josh. As Christophe mentioned before, the Q1 SG&A was a bit better than we had expected coming into the quarter and really helped by the One Ecolab program, which is going very well. And that helped deliver that 30 basis point of leverage that we had year-over-year. And that was net of what we talked about coming in the year, the continued growth investments that we'd be making. And we expect to continue that as we did the last few years. If you think back to we had 2017, we're at a 29% ratio and we brought that down to 27% last year and continue to expect, as we've guided earlier that, we will deliver on this 20 to 30 basis points for the full year probably at the lower end of that range, as we continue to make these growth investments, but also deliver on the incremental savings from One Ecolab that is going quite well. Although I will say not every quarter will be created equal. And then as we go long term, we expect with the One Ecolab program with the digital capabilities to be able to deliver SG&A leverage beyond our historical 20 to 30 basis points annually.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes. Thank you and good morning. I'm curious Christophe as to whether or not your thoughts on capital deployment have changed at all, with the external environment being so volatile, still early in earnings season, but we've seen some other chemical companies throttle back on CapEx. Are you still tracking towards 7% of sales there? And might you be any more aggressive or conservative in evaluating M&A opportunities, for example?
Christophe Beck: So the headline here, Kevin, is, no change, but I'd like to ask Scott to add some details and comments to that as well.
Scott Kirkland: Yes. Kevin, good morning. As Christophe said, no change to the long-term capital allocation priorities. As we've always said, we're going to continue to increase the dividend, invest in the business. And the balance sheet is in a really, really healthy position entering the year. As we've talked, net leverage, Christophe mentioned, is opening is down to 1.8%, so below our long-term target of around 2x. We also repurchased about $140 million of shares you probably saw disclosed in the first quarter. That was on top of the $1 billion we did last year. And again, all buybacks in the future are going to be dependent upon those investment opportunities, including the M&A pipeline, which is very robust. But, the biggest thing is this strong balance sheet provides us a lot of optionality, particularly in an environment like this, to take advantage of both organic and inorganic opportunities to invest.
Christophe Beck: To add to that, it's a moment where we need to play to win, with the environment that we are in, with the capabilities we have, with the momentum we have, the balance sheet we have, as mentioned by Scott. For me, it's time to gain share, it's time to innovate, it's time to invest in the business in our future, and that's exactly what we're doing.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Andy Wittmann with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Andy Wittmann: Yes, great. Thanks for taking my question. I guess I have two questions here. Christophe, in your answer previously on the Life Sciences segment, you talked about how like you still see a view towards 30% segment margins there and that underlying the investments that you've made I think in the physical plant there, the capital base for that business, I mean, you're running in the mid-20s. So it's all just suggestive of you just kind of need some operating leverage to run through that business. So the question I guess on this one is, what do you think the approximate revenue level needs to be in life sciences to deliver something on that order of magnitude? Obviously, we're not looking for specifically, but just trying to see what you're thinking to it takes to achieve that, level of margin. And then, my second question would be a quick one for Scott. Just talking about the free cash flow outlook, obviously, the first quarter comp from last year on free cash flow is a really tough comp. This quarter feels more seasonally normal. But I'm just wondering, if you feel like the inventory cycle, given the tariffs and the trade risks that are out there, do you need to infuse more working capital into the business this year to be able to deliver certainty of supply for your customers, or do you still think that your normal cash flow targets as a percentage of net income apply here in 2025? Thanks.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Andy. So I'll let Scott answer the second part of your question first and then I'll talk about Life Science.
Scott Kirkland: Yes, Andy. As you said, our Q1, although year over year, we believe as down. The Q1 was in line with our expectations and our historical progression, so the quarterly progression throughout the year. The Q1 was really comparing to a very strong comp last year, which was unusually high just due to timing of cash payments. But feel very good about with the strong earnings growth of 12% to 15% to be able to deliver our free cash flow conversion of this 90%, which is that we guided for the year.
Christophe Beck: So, that's the second part of the question. The first part, obviously, very different on Life Science, Andy. So the investments that we're making are long-term investments, the plant extension in The UK on biotech. It's building in E1 in The U.S. It's building in E1 in Asia as well. So those are long-term investments. It's also deploying EBS, our SAP platform as well in there. It's also building our research muscle as well at the same time. Those are all long-term investments that we have here. We know exactly what we're doing, what's the impact on the P&L as well. That's why I can tell you kind of these are reported and underlying in the mid-20s. So I think it's going to take a few years to get to the levels that, we've talked about, depending as well, on how the market is evolving. But, we're building this business for the long run. If it takes us a couple of years to get to the steady state, high level place that we need or want to be, that's okay with me as well, because we want to do it the right way for the long run.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Andres Castanos with Berenberg. Please proceed with your question.
Andres Castanos: Hello. I wanted to ask how important is early stage research for your Life Science business? Do you expect that this business may be impacted by cuts in the federal budget in subsidies? Thank you.
Christophe Beck: Good question. It's one of the open items out there. We don't exactly know how it's going to be. So far seems to be impacting mostly the generics. That's not exactly where we're focusing our attention. And we're serving customers globally in life science. So if it's being produced in Europe or in Asia today and it's moving to The U.S., we're going to benefit when it's coming here in The U.S. If it's moving elsewhere around the world, we're going to follow them there as well at the same time. So, not too worried about what we're seeing right now. If there are more brutal changes, we'll revisit. But that's the world we're living in. We're fine with it. We adjust as we always do. But, so far, I feel really good about our Life Sciences business whatever happens in the market out there. Generally, one way to summarize in the whole discussion here is, while we're delivering as expecting in 2025, we expect to deliver, as expected in the quarters to come and for the full year. But what's important to keep in mind is the path to get there is evolving because we try to stay ahead of what's happening in the world, but really with that spirit of playing to win as an organization, staying on offense, investing where it makes sense, supporting our teams and developing our teams. So, feel good, in a difficult world about where we are and where we're going. I think that, it's in time like these that we make Ecolab even stronger and our future even better. So, not easy, but a very good journey and a very good story so far.
Operator: Thank you. Mr. Hedberg, there are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the floor back over to you for closing remarks.
Andy Hedberg: Thank you. That wraps up our first quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated discussion slides will be made available for replay on our website. Thank you for your time and participation, and hope everyone has a great rest of your day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, today's conference has concluded. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-11 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Ecolab Inc.'s Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. The question and answer session will follow today's formal presentation. A reminder, this conference is being recorded. At this time, it is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andy Hedberg, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Hedberg. You may now begin.
Andy Hedberg: Thank you, and hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab Inc.'s fourth quarter conference call. With me today are Christophe Beck, Ecolab Inc.'s Chairman and CEO, and Scott Kirkland, our CFO. A discussion of our results along with our earnings release and the slides referencing the quarter results are available on Ecolab Inc.'s website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements in these materials, which state that this teleconference and the associated supplemental materials include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described under the risk factors section in our most recent Form 10-Ks and in our posted materials. We also refer you to supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Christophe Beck for his comments.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Andy, and welcome to everyone on the call. As we wrap up another incredible year at Ecolab Inc., I wanted to take a moment to acknowledge the hard work and dedication of our exceptional team. Their unwavering commitment to our mission has been instrumental in delivering unmatched value and best-in-class outcomes for our customers, driving Ecolab Inc.'s record performance. It's a true privilege to lead such a talented group, and I'm proud of what we've achieved together over the last few years. 2024 was another record year for us, with record sales, record earnings, record margins, and record free cash flow, all supported by the exceptional total value we delivered to our customers. As we look ahead to 2025 and beyond, our results position us well to continue delivering superior performance for both our customers and our shareholders. In Q4, our organic sales growth was solid and steady at 4%, driven by consistent volume growth and value pricing. Regionally, our performance continues to be led by the United States, where organic sales grew mid-single digits. The United States makes up more than half of Ecolab Inc.'s sales and is our most profitable region. We expect this region to strengthen further in 2025, fueling continued strong performance for Ecolab Inc. Sales across the rest of the world grew low single digits driven by resilient demand for our leading solutions, good new business wins, and value pricing, which more than offset the uneven macroeconomic trends in these regions. Our organic operating income margin in the fourth quarter increased a robust 150 basis points. This underscores our commitment to driving margins higher while making continued critical investments in sales firepower, capabilities, and capacity to fuel our future growth. For the full year, our organic operating income margin was 16.8%, up 290 basis points on top of 140 basis points delivered in 2023. With all of this, my confidence in reaching our 20% operating income margin target over the next three years continues to strengthen. As we move into 2025, I'm confident in Ecolab Inc.'s ability to drive continued solid organic sales growth and 12 to 15% earnings growth. Our strategy centers on capturing market share through our OneEcosystem and accelerating momentum in our new growth engines, specifically in data centers, microelectronics, life sciences, and our newest offerings from Ecolab Digital. Externally, currency translation is expected to have an approximate 3% unfavorable impact on Ecolab Inc.'s 2025 reported sales growth and an approximate 4% unfavorable impact on adjusted EPS growth. We plan to mitigate the earnings impact in two ways: one, through stronger value pricing, which is expected to be slightly higher than 2024's pricing as the total value delivered to customers continues to expand, and two, through slightly faster than expected OneEcolab savings. As a result, we look for continued superior performance in 2025 with adjusted diluted earnings per share expected to increase 12 to 15%, even with organic sales growth improving slightly from the 4% we delivered in 2024. With a solid growth formula in place to deliver again in 2025, we also plan to build and invest in our business to fuel continued strong performance for the years ahead. Two of these critical areas include Ecolab Inc.'s global high-tech business and Ecolab Digital. Our global high-tech business operates in the rapidly growing multibillion-dollar data center and microelectronics industries. Sales in this business have reached over $300 million, and we expect strong growth to continue in the coming years with OI margins well above 20%. The rise of AI is prompting data centers to rethink their cooling strategies, leading to a shift from air-cooled to liquid-cooled servers. This transition presents Ecolab Inc. with a significant opportunity to apply our extensive expertise in fluid management, microbiome control, and naturally high-performance cooling, which is one of our core competencies, to help our customers optimize their operations, maximize uptime, and protect their substantial investments. Our new business pipeline in these markets is very strong, driven by robust demand for breakthrough innovation focused on performance cooling for data centers and water circularity for microelectronic fabs. We're well-positioned to leverage these innovations along with our leading digital applications and global sales and service expertise to serve the world's largest technology companies. Ecolab Digital will also add to our momentum by leveraging the power of our extensive digital and AI capabilities to identify across the 40 industries we serve. Ecolab Digital manages more than 100,000 customer systems around the world today. Last year alone, we captured more than 120 billion proprietary data points across these systems. This data was used to identify ways to deliver improved operational performance and profitability for our customers' global enterprises. We're monetizing this enhanced customer value through patented device leases, application subscriptions, and digital content consumption, all of which is supported by Ecolab Inc.'s global sales and service organization to make it work. As previously indicated, we'll begin to report our digital sales in 2025 to provide even greater transparency to these high-growth, high-margin opportunities. To support these efforts and our other growth engines, we will continue to accelerate smart organic and inorganic investments. With this, we expect our CapEx to sales to be around 7% in 2025 as we continue to expand digitally connected systems like our Ecolab 3D Cloud, 3D Tracer, AI dish machine program, and pest intelligence. With our record free cash flows and very healthy balance sheet, we are also in a unique position to take advantage of inorganic opportunities in water, digital, and life sciences to deliver even more value to customers and attractive returns for shareholders. With these initiatives, we remain focused on further enhancing shareholder returns through increased dividends and share buybacks. In December, Ecolab Inc.'s board declared a 14% increase in our quarterly cash dividend, and in 2024, we bought back $1 billion of Ecolab Inc. stock at very attractive prices. All signs of confidence in our team and in our future. Overall, I firmly believe the best of Ecolab Inc. is yet to come. Our ability to deliver innovative solutions that improve our customer's operational performance while reducing water and energy use is increasingly relevant in today's macro landscape. We're well-positioned to deliver another strong year in 2025 and beyond. So thanks again for your continued support and your investments in Ecolab Inc. I look forward to your questions.
Andy Hedberg: Thanks, Christophe. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, would you please begin the question and answer period?
Operator: Yes. Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question and answer session. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question per caller so others will have a chance to participate. You may press star two if you would like to withdraw your question from the queue. It may be necessary to pick up your handset before pressing the star keys. One moment, please, while we poll for questions. Thank you. The first question is from the line of Tim Mulrooney with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Tim Mulrooney: Scott, good afternoon.
Christophe Beck: Hi, Tim.
Tim Mulrooney: Hello. So it sounds like your confidence around that 20% OI margin target by 2027 continues to go up. And it looks like the market's coming around to that idea as well based on the stock price today. I wonder if you could help us, though, think through the cadence of that expansion over the next three years and remind me about the primary drivers behind this. Thank you.
Christophe Beck: Great question. Thank you, Tim. So you're right. I feel we feel really good about getting to 20% by 2027, just to be accurate as well. Even though the exact timing will also depend on external factors. But we're talking quarters here, not years. So 2027 is for me the year where we should cross that 20% line. So why am I confident? Well, first, we've been on a steady trajectory for a few years now. Our OI margin went up as mentioned earlier, so up 140 basis points in 2023, 290 basis points in 2024. We had 16.8% in 2024. And second, focused on the right things to drive margins. It's top-line momentum, which is pretty steady. I like it. Second, value pricing, solid. We didn't exactly know where it would land. So these two to three percent seems to be the sweet spot. So for us, innovation keeps to add margin in a very steady way. And fourth, productivity driven by technology. So for 2025, with everything I know today, I think that we should cross the 18% OI margin this year. And beyond that, when I think about the new engines, team that we are building and fueling to accelerate momentum like the global high-tech. I mentioned before, data centers and fabs. While it north of 20%, those businesses. Life sciences, underlying as well. We're investing behind it to really sell. Get ultimately so this north of 20% margin in the P&L but that's gonna take a few years to get there. And last but not least, Ecolab Digital, which is doing really well, which we will report in the first quarter as promised as well. While has very good margin as well at the same time. So great track record so far, focused on the right drivers to drive margins. So feel good about crossing the 18% line in 2025. And with what we're building in terms of new businesses, ultimately, so we get the 20% by 2027, as I promised, so for a while now.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you. Good afternoon, Christophe. Apologize if I missed this, but I know you said you report the digital numbers, I guess, throughout the year. Any sense of, you know, just sizing it? And I suppose you know, how intertwined is it with your OneEcolab initiative and the importance of that?
Christophe Beck: Yeah. So I promise that we would be disclosing that in 2025. We want to do it obviously the right way. It's gonna be top-line in 2025, and it's gonna be more of the P&L in 2026. Hopefully, that we can have numbers that you can trust that are transparent. It's all in the spirit of giving you as much visibility as we can. But today, it's a few hundred million. We'll provide the exact numbers as we report the first quarter. It's high growth, high margin, high touch, very sticky. Because it's a combination of mostly three things. And it's purely digital. Like you would use with your iPhone or Samsung, whatever you have, Manav. Well, we get lease or rent for our devices, and we have 100,000 of those connections around the world. So it's first digital equipment leases, second is software or think applications on a phone, but for us, it's software like Omni to improve optimize performance of a power plant, for instance, between the cooling tower and the condenser while we get the of data, of transaction, of minutes of support, of emergency service, and so on. So those are the three components that will be feeding our numbers that we'll be reporting under Ecolab Digital. And last point, the relationship to OneEcolab, well, it's very, very clearly intertwined. And on purpose, obviously, because all the information that we're getting with all our connected systems and our service data, by the way, that we captured from our field Salesforce or from our customers or from other systems, all feed into Ecolab 3D that ultimately provides data for the software and the consumption as well that's being used by our customers. So it's two sides of the same coin, but more to come at the end of the first quarter. So when we can really report our top-line numbers.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Ashish Sabadra: Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to better understand the volume growth expectation as we get into 2025. If you could provide any color by segments as well as any potential impact from tariffs. Thanks. And congrats on solid results.
Christophe Beck: Thank you so much, Ashish. So if I understood you right, the last part of your question was the impact of tariffs, which is obviously a bit of a different topic here. But generally, with what we know now and it's an evolving proposition, as we know as well, we don't see a big impact on our business for a very simple reason. Is that 92% of what we sell is produced locally. And in places like China, it's 99% of what we sell is produced locally. So we're kind of well protected from a supply chain perspective. That's the reason why tariffs, for now, not a big deal, for the company, and hopefully, it's staying so. And if it doesn't, I'd like to remind you and all as well online that a few years back, we established that surcharge mechanism that we used for the energy spike in 2022. Well, this is a mechanism that in the extreme case, we can use as well. We're not planning to, but we prepare to use it if we need to. So kind of feeling good about that tariff story. Now the first part of your question on volume, 2025 the way we need to think about it, not every quarter is created equal, but trajectory is basically around 2% volume growth. This is kind of the cruising speed we've had for a few quarters now. The price value price, two to three, but better than in 2024, I believe, which will lead to a 4% plus overall trajectory for 2025. That's kind of the top-line expectation for 2025. That's for organic, obviously, and then you have an FX component for reported numbers. But last point I'll make, two elements. First, in terms of long-term direction to refer what I shared with you almost two years ago by business in terms of top-line and margins at Investor Day. Those ones are still valid. No change on this one. And the last point is the United States is our largest market. It's over half our sales. It's our best performing market. With the highest margin as well at the same time. Which is a good place to be, in the world that we're living in right now. And around the world, it's obviously different market by market. But generally, I feel good. All the markets are in a reasonably good place. Good profitability as well. We have no underdog as well out there. So pretty well balanced in terms of business performance and market performance at the same time. While the US is the leading market, which is a good thing. Nowadays.
Operator: The next question is from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
John McNulty: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. So I was just curious if you could give us some color or thoughts on how you're thinking about delivered product costs in 2025. It seems like there's a bunch of kind of puts and takes out there. So if you can give us a little bit of color on that, that'd be great.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, John. I'll pass it to Scott so he can work as well a little bit.
Scott Kirkland: Thanks for the question, John. Yeah. As we think about the DPC, as we started seeing in 2024 where we start to see that the DPC tailwinds, normalize and really turn to normal levels of inflation, our expectation going into next year as we talked about after Q3 is this normal level of low single-digit inflation for delivered product costs. But certainly, we will continue to offset as much of that with supply chain efficiency. But that is our net expectation for DPC next year, it's low single digits.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Jason Haas with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Haas: Hey. Good afternoon, and thanks for taking my question. I'm curious if you could talk about what it will take to get the 2% volume growth to the long-term target of 3 to 4%, how much of that is reliant on some of these industries you're in improving versus what you can accomplish with OneEcolab and your other initiatives. Thank you.
Christophe Beck: It's our main focus, Jason. So I feel good about what we're doing about it. You mentioned OneEcolab. It's all about unlocking a bigger share of the $55 billion of penetration in existing customers that we have and as mentioned separately as well. Just our top 35 customers have a potential of over $3 billion of penetration as well. So when Ecolab Inc. focused on our major customer partners, it is the main driver of how much we can accelerate underlying growth as a company. The second component is really those new engines like I mentioned in my open, so global high-tech, with data centers and fabs, these are really interesting engines for the future. Life science is another one. Ecolab Digital, mentioned, that we're gonna start reporting at the top-line levels of Q1 will be one as well. And, ultimately, really keeping improving the performance of our core businesses, institutional pest elimination, our core water businesses, by focusing really on new business generation. And I feel good with the trajectory that we're having, the backlog that we have in terms of new business. We need to install it. So we have all the elements that we need. In order to improve the performance at the volume level, but I'd like to make sure that we also look at volume plus value pricing. Because for us, as you know, value pricing is not price. It's mostly the ratio of the value that we deliver to our customers, which as a proxy is usually twice the pricing that our customers are paying for us. So it's a very good deal for our customers while it's a good deal for our shareholders at the same time.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Patrick Cunningham with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Rachelle (for Patrick Cunningham): Hi. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. This is Rachelle on for Patrick. It looks like LifeVax has performed better and what is driving the underlying system as them is the improving outlook in Q1.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Rachelle. Life Science is a business that we started building in 2016, 2017, really focusing on pharma, the acquisition of Purolite in 2021, added really the ultra purification for the biotech world because we firmly believe that drug development, drug production, disease prevention, is gonna be and is a growth market long term. So feel really good about where the market is gonna go. We know that the industry had to go through a bit of a transition over the past few years, but it doesn't change where we're coming from, and it doesn't change where we go. It's just a few years of transition. During those few years, we've kept growing as well, but as far as we were hoping, but our competition was declining during that time. So feel pretty good as well about that. But the last few years, we've built new capabilities, clients, systems, quality systems, we've strengthened our team as well in dramatic ways, which is something that Ecolab Inc. is very strong at. So I feel really good about the industry we serve, how we serve that industry in being the smaller player very agile, very innovative, very responsive, very close to customers, and the capabilities that we've built for the future, and we see early fruits of coming out, which is a very good sign. So I feel good about where we are, where we're going with life science. It's not gonna be a straight line to have an for the quarters to come, not every quarter is created equal, but the direction of travel is good, and we keep getting better.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you. I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit more about sort of the leverage point. It looks like you're going to get to maybe it's in both data centers and in pest where you've had to make some meaningful investment to go after that business. And it's kind of more of a of a it percolates in the backlog for a while before it actually shows up in revenue. So maybe you could just help us understand where you are in terms of the level of spend that you've had to make versus starting to see a real ramp up or an inflection in the volume and therefore the margins that that new volume will drive as the volume becomes greater than the spend.
Christophe Beck: Yeah. Well, it's already a good business with good margins, to begin with. So we are investing behind these two businesses, data centers and fabs. But not in crazy ways. It's to do it in a smart way, in a typical Ecolab Inc. manner that it's pay as you go even though it's a little bit more than we would normally. It's not much more. So it's done in a very healthy way. And to your question of how far are we down that journey, well, it's early because it's early for everyone. The very good news is that it's new technologies that nobody has truly developed yet, and I think that we are best positioned for that. The way we present it internally and I might get a little bit ahead of my skis here, you have NVIDIA that's developing the best chips in the world. You have ASML producing the machines, to produce the chips, you have TSMC and Samsung producing the chips. And you will have us providing all the cooling technology and the water recycling in the fabs. Two comments on that. On data centers, technology today while you have a lot of computers in a room that's cooled with air conditioning, we're very strong at that. We know how to master that. Well, the new generation now is direct chip cooling. So you have a cold fluid going to the chip. Well, that's a very different technology. Can imagine so bringing that fluid to the chip, all the challenges of scaling of fouling, of managing, all that in real time. This is what 3D Tracer was made for initially. So we uniquely placed in terms of technology, so close to chip managing that fluid and cooling that fluid as well at the same time. Feel really good with the developments that we've made and very close to some of the largest tech companies out there. So all the big names are working pretty closely to us. And the last point, for the fabs, one fab, just for perspective, is using an equivalent of the drinking needs of 17 million people. So that can't go forever because, obviously, we won't have enough water. In order to feed all those fabs while feeding people. As well at the same time. So we need technology to reuse and recycle water within the fab, which is exactly what we're doing. And we're having some very good development projects with some very famous tech companies as well out there. So it's early. Because the industry is early, but I think that we are the leading edge and we will be the ones, hopefully, leading for the years to come as well.
Operator: The next question is from the line of John Roberts with Mizuho Securities. Please proceed with your question. Mr. Roberts, perhaps your line's on mute.
John Roberts: Sorry about that. In the pest elimination segment, could you discuss the accidents that you had and how much of the earnings headwind was the accidents versus the increased spending on pest intelligence?
Christophe Beck: Yes. First, we are an extremely safety-focused organization. As you know, John. So my first thought is really about the people and the families who have been hurt. We have some very good safety records, really at world-class levels. So when a few accidents happen, you can see in the records. You can see it in our cost evolution as well. So the OI decrease that we had, so the majority of it was driven by the accident. This is something that we're working on. We're very focused on. It can happen even though we are having that objective of goal zero in every business, every function, anywhere around the world. And when it happens, we deal with it. And that's exactly what happened. Unfortunately, in pest elimination, we need to live with it, but most importantly, we need to address it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Hi. Thank you very much. I wanted to ask if you could just unpack the CapEx a little bit. We talked about some investments into digital and some of the other areas. CapEx typically for the company was 5%. It moved up to a little over 6% last year, and we're talking about 7%. Are we into a new normal type of kind of business model, or is there something that there's a short-term, you know, increase in investment or acceleration of investments?
Christophe Beck: Let me pass it to Scott, and I'll comment after that.
Scott Kirkland: Hey, Shlomo. Yeah. Thanks for the question. As you know, CapEx by nature is a little lumpy. As you said, historically, we've been in this 5 to 6% range, but just to ground you, about half of that, CapEx as a percentage of sales is related to customer equipment. So customer equipment location, so as we're growing, CapEx will grow. And as we move to that 7% in 2025, as Christophe said, we're continuing to invest and we're growing. So as sales accelerate, we'll continue to invest there. But in addition to that, we have programs that he has mentioned around AI dish machine, which you may have seen at some of our shows, the pest intelligence which we've referenced, as well as the digital investments that Christophe talked before. So those programs excel at themselves as we accelerate in the near term certainly in 2025, I would expect possibly a little bit more elevated in 2026. But I don't think this is a long-term trend above 7%.
Christophe Beck: So it's not the new normal. But we have very strong cash flow, a very strong balance sheet, very good growth opportunities. Well, I want to leverage the capital that we have also to feed those growth opportunities while we return cash to shareholders as well at the same time. And keep the strong balance sheet that we have. So all in all, pretty healthy investments.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Byrne with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Byrne: Yes. Thank you. In order for your customers to utilize your products, whether it's in waste, whether water treatment, laundry cleaning, dishwashing, pest elimination, all of that equipment that they have, how much of it does Ecolab Inc. own or that you've sold to them or you have installed, is this part of the loyalty and pricing power that you have with those?
Christophe Beck: It's a great question, Steve. We own virtually all. Alright. And we want to keep it that way because it's proprietary new technology. It's much more sticky. This is good for us, but it's also good for the customer. Because they always get the latest technology, the upgrades, in software. They might pay for the new subscriptions for the new software as well. But, generally, dispensing equipment, digital all of that belongs to us.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Christophe, on the 2025 bond growth, there's 2%, is that faster than the market? And if it is, how much faster than the market is it?
Christophe Beck: It is clearly faster than the market. You take the example of institutional, 6% growth in a down market. And you can look at different ways of looking at it. But the food traffic is down. So we're clearly gaining share. This is true in our water business as well at the same time. I feel really good about the share that we're gaining. The 2% is kind of the steady volume growth that we have. Our focus is to keep working on it, to accelerate it. As I mentioned before, well, with our growth engines, with capturing more share of the $55 billion by leveraging OneEcolab, adding digital as well. So all feeding into stronger than 2% for the long run. But we want to do it in a very smart way. I will never trade volume for price. And as you know, so we have strong value price as well. So it's keeping that equation in a good balance, and that's why you don't see so big swings around these two. We want to really do it in a very steady way that ultimately you can trust. Direction of travel that we're having.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. I have a three-part question, but I think your answers will be brief. If you compare industrial and institutional in the quarter, which segment grew its volumes faster? In terms of your 20% margin target, it turns out that in 2027, your amortization costs will drop from today's level by about $150 million. So your EBIT margin will go up about 90 basis points, but it won't affect your EBIT margin. So when you have that 20% margin target, does that include the drop in amortization, or is your EBIT target really 21% and it doesn't take that into account? And then lastly, in pest elimination, what exactly happened? Were Ecolab Inc. employees insured or customers insured? And why is this something which seems to have an effect over the next several quarters? Thanks.
Christophe Beck: So, Jeff, you paid for one question only, but I'm gonna give you the two bonus questions as well as a good friend. So first, the volume difference between institutional and industrial. So as you know, we're not disclosing, so of all volume and price, especially for competitive reasons, so I can't really answer that question. But in both cases, it's pretty good. So I feel good about the balance volume and price, which is something as mentioned before. That I want to keep a very good balance of, and you can see it at the overall company level. Second question, amortization is not included in 2027 there. So when amortization of the existing, obviously, so acquisitions that we've made, so it comes off the book, that's gonna be on top. But I'm not counting that. So to get to the 20%, and third one, in pest elimination, it's always a combination of two with insurance cost, so depending on who owns the accident, well, we have to pay. It's been unfortunate accidents as you know in pest elimination. We have a few thousand people on the roads 24/7. In sometimes remote places, in sometimes difficult customer locations as well. So it's been unfortunate, it happens. It was mostly in Q4. There's gonna be a little bit in Q1, but that's it.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Laurence Alexander: Good afternoon. Could you give us a sense of your assumptions for 2025 around SG&A leverage, taxes, interest expense, and buybacks?
Christophe Beck: Let me give it to Scott as well.
Scott Kirkland: Yeah. I got that. Thanks, Laurence. I guess a three-part question on my part if I've heard any of the three parts. But as we think about SG&A, as we talked about previously, we expected in our guide for next year to be at this 20 to 30 basis points of leverage. And that's net of continued to invest in the business. Now, certainly, with the impact of FX that will have an impact on that. But as we accelerate the OneEcolab savings as well, we still expect to be in that range of 20 to 30 basis points on SG&A leverage. But probably near the lower end of that range. And in Q1, I would expect it to be slightly negative because as you can expect, we're already seeing and it'll take some time to realize the savings aggressively throughout the year. And then as we talk about taxes, so this year, we landed the full year in between our 19 and 20% expectation for the year landed at 19.3%. On an adjusted tax rate for the full year and expect to be in this 20 to 21% range next year. As we continue to earnings growth. So that earnings growth will sort of naturally get us closer to the US corporate rate, especially given the strength of growth in our US business. And then lastly, on buybacks, I would just say, as Christophe mentioned before, the balance sheet is in a very, very good place. No change to our philosophy is we ended the year at a net leverage of about 1.7 times. We repurchased that includes repurchasing about a billion dollars of shares in 2024, and then future buybacks are really gonna be dependent as it always has been on our investment opportunities including M&A. So with the balance strength that we have, it gives us a lot of opportunity to invest both inorganically and organically, and you'll see that in the CapEx as we talked about this increase to 7% of sales. So as what I have right now, I would expect normal levels of buybacks but consistent with our historical capital allocation philosophy and we will invest in the business as a number one priority.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Chris Parkinson with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Parkinson: Great. Thank you so much. Just when thinking about the water segment, I'm looking at the growth between, you know, light downstream heavy and mining. Just given the long-term outlook in data centers, microelectronics, some of the things you're obviously already benefiting from and, you know, obviously, growing a more significant baseline. You know, is there just a general mathematical equation that would get us to, let's say, more of a mid-single-digit, like a 5 or a 6% growth rate especially a 2% pricing that you foresee for, like, 2026 or 2027, just what's the best way to triangulate that over the long term? Because it seems like some momentum is beginning to build there. Thank you.
Christophe Beck: Yeah. Well, you're right. So the industry also had to go through a lot of value price as you know. So over the last few years, the team did an exceptional job while keeping volume momentum in its especially so keeping customers. We have these core principles as a company that we keep customers for life, and we've done that very well over the last few years. The shift of gears that industrial did almost a year back now, well, has been to focus on businesses like Global High-tech with the data centers, with the fabs that are picking up speed. So when you look at the 1% to 2%, to 3%, in industrial, it's a big business, obviously, so you have some fast-growing businesses in there and some less fast-growing businesses as well. So within water, but the global high-tech which is $300 million plus today, while growing pretty fast at very high margin is gonna influence the overall industrial profile in the midterm as it grows obviously, in importance versus the size of the overall business. So if you've liked industrial which we call water, by the way, so as of 2025 in the past, you'll like it even more in 2025 and in the years to come because our presence in those two big sectors is gonna be critical. In the future. And the other businesses as well. In food and beverage and in downstream and in paper. They're all doing some really good work. As well as to improve the core performance. Of those older businesses, if I may say. It's a combination of all the businesses, core businesses, strong, solid, and improving. And on top of it, the new engines, adding to the scheme as well, will be a good equation long term. Of our industrial.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Josh Spector with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
James Cannon (for Josh Spector): Hey, guys. Congrats on a good quarter. This is James Cannon off for Josh. Just wanted to touch on with some of the moving pieces that have happened in the healthcare and life sciences business. You just level set for us kinda how much is moving from healthcare into the institutional segment, what that kinda does on a margin profile. And, like, what the remaining standalone life sciences business looks like.
Christophe Beck: Yeah. You will see more obviously, as we report the first quarter, healthcare is roughly half a billion of sales at pretty low margin, and that's gonna move. So into the INS group. It's gonna have an impact probably of one percentage point top line and one percentage point margin. That's basically what's gonna happen optically of this the business themselves don't change. It's just the math. That's regrouped healthcare within INS. But INS, very strong, very healthy, and the leverage that we are creating so between healthcare and institutional, well, it's gonna be beneficial for both. Ultimately. So INS is still gonna be 20% wide type of business, so very healthy, very steady, and it's gonna keep getting better in the future. On the life science side, well, you'd see the exact numbers at the end of the first quarter. But it's between $500 million and a billion in sales. We're investing quite heavily in that business. Underlying performance of OI of life science is in the mid-twenties. But with what we invest, it's more in the low to mid-teens today. But it's really keeping in mind, we're building capabilities, capacities, teams, systems, innovation, to build the business that north of 25 and hopefully, at some point, north of 30% as well. So very pleased with what we're doing. And, ultimately, we're having that as a separate reporting segment for you to have the transparency, the visibility of what's happening, what we're doing, and where we're heading. Because I firmly believe that life science is gonna be a terrific business so far as going forward.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes. Thank you, and good afternoon. Maybe a two-part question. The relative margin differential between your US businesses and your international businesses and whether that's stable or narrowing or widening. And then secondly, a question on your foreign exchange guidance. Why is it the case that currency is expected to be a larger drag of 4% on your bottom line relative to 3% on the top line?
Christophe Beck: So let me have maybe, Scott, start with the second part of your question.
Scott Kirkland: Yeah. Kevin, the simple answer. First of all, it's a pretty small difference. We're talking 3% on reported sales and 4% impact of translation FX on EPS. So pretty small difference, but the simple answer it's just a result of geographic mix is the simple and obvious answer.
Christophe Beck: And on the OI margins, so the US is above average of the company, and outside the US is below average of the company, but not that much. Actually, it used to be way lower. A few years back, and today, pretty close. Both are improving. The 20% OI margin, by the way, at the market level is the same objective for everyone around the world. Some markets have crossed that line already, and everyone in the company is having that objective and trying to get beyond the 20% in all of the eleven markets that we have around the world. So, generally, pretty healthy across the planet, and I really like where we are.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Justin with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Justin: Yeah. Hi. Good afternoon. What was my question? One simple question on the OneEcolab initiative is kind of ahead of the plan in and it looks like right around a hundred million in 2024, you have a million orders. And so I guess I'm just curious, is the $225 million still the right number? But loaded everything, or is that number gonna move a little higher?
Christophe Beck: Yep. Let me pass it to Scott. You were breaking up, so it was a bit hard to hear you. But what we understood was the pacing of the savings for the OneEcolab initiative. And if it's not, what you had in mind, so please just ask again, making sure that we answer what you're looking for.
Scott Kirkland: Yep. So, Justin, on the program, I just want to first start by saying, of course, as we've talked, this program is really about enabling the sales growth. That is the primary purpose. Accelerating that path to the five to seven and taking advantage of this $55 billion cross-sell opportunity that we've talked about. But as you said, the program included $140 million of savings, which we expected and talked about last year after in Q3 when we rolled out the program that we'd expect that to be pretty proportionate pretty even over the first three years over the three years of the program. Of course, if you take that $140 million of savings, again, that's like, averaging 1% of sales a year. So, again, the big impact is not sorry, on SG&A. The big impact is not on SG&A, but on driving the sales growth. But within that savings, it's gonna allow us to continue to invest in the business, and that pacing, as we've reacted to the FX and just driven that program, we're expecting it to be a little bit more front-loaded whereas you'd expected a third, a third, a third previously. We're probably expecting 40 to 50% of that savings to happen next year in 2025.
Christophe Beck: And I'd like to build on what Scott just said. So two things on OneEcolab. So it's clearly a growth initiative. The fact that savings are coming in better and faster is a very good sign. And it's a very good sign of adoption by our team and our customers. It's not that we're cutting or doing some weird things here. It's a performance project to accelerate growth, and it's important to keep it that way in mind. So that's the first part. Improving faster than expected, which is really good. And second, from a growth perspective, the best example is in our F&B business, where OneEcolab has been leveraged in the last few months, bringing hygiene and water together as one offering of our customers. This is working really well. You've seen the results of F&B are improving as well at the same time. So it's really showing that the OneEcolab initiative, which has been an old dream in a way, is really hitting on both fronts. Performance. And growth sector generation, which is exactly what we were looking for early in the journey, but very encouraging early signs of success.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Andres Castanos with Barner. Proceed with your question.
Andres Castanos: Hello. I want to ask about the acceleration in the charges for the application implementation of OneEcolab. It seems that we are close to $100 million in 2024 out of $225 million that was budgeted by 2027. So my question is, is that I re this will run over budget? Thank you.
Scott Kirkland: No. Not at all. Just to answer your question really simply, as we talked about, we've had great execution. We're accelerating the program. Just naturally, the cost will be more front-loaded because you recognize the accounting for the cost earlier, and then the savings happen over time. And once you identify where those cost savings are gonna be so that is natural in every program that we've restructuring program that we've had, but again, because we're accelerating safety next year, seeing some of that those costs a little bit front-loaded. But in terms of the returns, and the payback on the program itself, we will not see any difference.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Harrison with Please proceed with your question.
Mike Harrison: Hi. Good afternoon. In terms of the healthcare business, going under the institutional segment, I was curious is this basically just taking the operational changes you've made and now formalizing it into your financial reporting structure, or are there some additional changes happening to how you're running that business and integrating that more with the institutional approach?
Christophe Beck: No. It's exactly what you said, Mike. It's if you remember, so on healthcare, I've made a commitment to solve that business, which means getting this business to a place which is creating value, for shareholders, we had a few steps. The first one was getting the cost structure right. The second was the bifurcation of surgical versus infection prevention. The third was to sell the surgical drapes business. We've done that very successfully so. It's a done deal. By the way, it worked out really well with the carve-out and sales to Medline worked out really, really well. And the last step was to leverage institutional because we have institutional with a huge critical mass. It's especially in the US, serving so many locations. Where you bring, obviously, the institutional service, in the food service, in the hospitality part, and then bringing infection prevention was a very natural ad to serve hospital the best possible way. So getting those two together reported, in the same segments made a lot of sense because that's the way we will operate. Going forward. So that's the way we need to report as well at the same time. That being said, as I've mentioned, the future of healthcare will be in instrument reprocessing. This is kind of a dish machine business, obviously, at the highest standard because it needs to be disinfected or sterilized depending on the instruments that you are processing here. It's a business model that we know extremely well. We know how to make money with it as well. We have the capabilities. We have the reach. We have the footprint for it as well. So that's gonna add to it. But again, a business that's very similar to what we do in institutional in these rooms. Just for different types of equipment at a different standard of cleaning as well. So I feel pretty good. With the evolution that we've gone through with our healthcare business. Finally, it was time, obviously, to get to the right place but I think that we're in the right place and heading in the right direction too.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much. Good afternoon. Yeah. I have two, I'll say them both upfront. On the digital pest intelligence program, Christophe, how long is the investment cycle there? Is that quarters, years? And when and how will we see the benefits reflected? Will it be top-line? Margin, just curious what we should see down the road. Thanks. And then on the follow-up, just on cross-sell, could you talk about where you are with cross-sell, particularly your top 35 customers? As you enter 2025, how meaningful can that be? Thanks.
Christophe Beck: Hey. Thank you, Scott. So two very different questions, obviously, here. The pest intelligence timing, when you think about it, it's thousands of people. It's millions of devices that you need to shift from analog to digital. This is something we know very well how to do. But this is physical work beyond the digital component. Obviously. So it's gonna take some time. Think it's gonna be a few years, but we're gonna do it in a smart way. As we've always done. It's in a pay-as-you-go type of approach in a very typical Ecolab Inc. manner. As I mentioned before as well here, we can afford it because of the strong cash duration that we have as a company. The strong balance sheet that we have, the strong business franchise, with pest elimination, so we might have some slight reduction of margins so for a while, as we did, we have, like, science to make sure that ultimately we end up with a margin that's even better, than where we were and where we are as well today. So a few years but it's gonna be done in a very healthy manner. There will be no big shock, no big surprise, and we will share with you progress that we're making. And so far, so good. Some of the key customers, well, one of them is probably the largest retailer, in the world. Which has been our main partner to develop that solution. Is almost done, progressing very well. We have much better results as well at every retail location in the US. The customer very happy. We've learned a lot during that path as well. We had to adjust a few things. We still have to do it as well. We're learning with them, but it's the right partner. For us to develop the solution of the future. So so far, so good. Now your second question, on cross-sell, which is the OneEcolab initiative, so it's capturing our fair share of the $55 billion cross-sell or penetration, opportunity that we have. As mentioned, the top 35, we have a $3 billion opportunity as well out there. Well, F&B, as mentioned before, is a perfect example of a business benefiting so from it. Because many of their customers are in those top 35 as well. We see the performance improvement if in F&B is coming from there. For most of those 35 customers, we have focused plans that are enterprise-wide plans Ecolab Inc.-wide, and customer-wide as well at the same time. Where we know ultimately what's the best in class performance. As I've shared with you, it's really for each of those 35 customers that we can help them understand what's the best in class performance in terms of business outcome, cost performance, environmental impact. And the difference between best in class performance and every of their location, what translates into the max dollar potential that we can get or that they can get and we have plans to get this up within the next few years. Very well received by customers because they see ultimately better products, better cost profile, and lower impact on the environment while it's hard to beat especially when you can do it at a high return. Which means higher TV deals and the pricing they're paying for it as well. So so far, so good. Good progress, and the best is to come.
Scott Schneeberger: Thank you.
Operator: Final question is from the line of John Roberts with Mizuho Securities. Please proceed with your question.
John Roberts: It's been answered. Thank you.
Christophe Beck: Oh, that was a quick question, John. Well, thank you. So to everyone. Really like the record performance that we delivered in 2024. The world is a bit complex in 2025. But feel really good with our plans, how we've started the year, delivering this 12 to 15, which was our commitment, my commitment, so feel good for 2025. And most importantly, I feel even better for where we're going beyond 2025 with data centers, with microelectronics, with life science, with Ecolab Digital, and ultimately, with the best team in the industry. And that's what makes me believe even more in our future and we will deliver as we've always done.
Andy Hedberg: Thank you. That wraps up our fourth quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated discussion slides will be available for replay on our website. Thank you for your time and participation, and hope everyone has a great rest of the day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-29 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ecolab's Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure at this time to introduce your host, Andy Hedberg, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Hedberg, you may now begin.
Andy Hedberg: Thank you, and hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's third quarter conference call. With me today are Christophe Beck, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO; and Scott Kirkland, our CFO. A discussion of our results, along with our earnings release and the slides referencing the quarter results are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements in these materials, which state that this teleconference and the associated supplemental materials include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described under the Risk Factors section in our most recent Form 10-K and in our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Christophe Beck for his comments.
Christophe Beck: Thank you so much, Andy, and welcome to everyone on the call. And let me start by thanking our incredible team for their hard work and seamless execution this quarter again. It's because of our team's endless dedication to our customers and commitment to our goals that I have the pleasure of sharing another excellent quarter, delivering broad-based performance across our businesses, end markets and geographies. . Our company has never been as healthy as it is today, and I'm proud to lead such a talented team with such a great future. Moving to the specifics of our performance. Our third quarter was highlighted by strengthening volume growth continued strong value pricing and robust operating income margin expansion. These all combined to deliver 19% growth in adjusted earnings. With this strong momentum, we are increasing once again the midpoint of our full year earnings guidance range. As expected, organic sales grew 4% and with very healthy growth across our businesses. Importantly, volume growth improved to 2% driven by strong business wins and breakthrough innovation. The Ecolab team also delivered solid value pricing. At the same time, in our targeted 2% to 3% range in a quarter where carryover pricing is at 0 and new pricing for 2025 is not in yet. In a world that remains hard to predict, our solutions are more essential than ever to our customers. Backed by our reliable supply and global expertise, our unique technologies are recognized to dramatically enhance productivity while significantly reducing water and energy usage. This solid top line growth helped to further increase our gross margin 220 basis points to 43.5%. Our SG&A productivity also improved consistent with our long-term trends. In 2017, our SG&A ratio was over 29%. And today, it's around 27%. This year, we expect it will further improve from 28% in the first half to 26% in the second half even after growth investments in frontline Firepower, digital technologies and service capabilities. And on a side note, third quarter SG&A also benefited from FX, which we expect will reverse next quarter. With this, we anticipate fourth quarter's SG&A ratio to be flattish versus last year's fourth quarter, while long-term trends will keep improving 20 to 30 basis points per year. Overall, our operating income grew 22%. NOI margin expanded by 260 basis points to 17.9%, which is very close to a record third quarter margin for Ecolab. For the full year 2024, we expect NOI margin of around 16.5%, 50 basis points better than our early commitment and 260 basis points better than last year. With our strong margin expansion momentum, my confidence in consistently delivering 12% to 15% long-term EPS growth has only strengthened. This will position Ecolab to reach our 20% operating income margin target over the next 3 years. Now I'd like to transition our attention from Q3 to what our teams are focused on to fuel long-term growth and margin expansion. Our growth engines in clean tech, high tech and biotech are showing strength and momentum, even if each are at the different stage of development. In the clintech area, institutional and specialty as well as pest elimination are both delivering strong performance, growing 7% and 8%, respectively, with operating income margins north of 20%. Global High Tech, which includes data center cooling and water for microelectronics is growing at strong double digits. And in biotech, our Life Sciences business remains ahead of the curve in what we believe will be a huge long-term growth opportunity. Our innovation pipeline also continues to build as we shift our focus from renovation to breakthrough innovation. With nearly $1.5 billion, our 2024 pipeline is at record levels and laser-focused on the biggest opportunities across our clean tech, high tech and biotech platforms. Finally, our One Ecolab growth initiative, which seeks to leverage our digital technologies to deliver best-in-class business outcomes, operational performance and environmental impact that every customer location around the world is progressing very well. Over the next few years, One Ecolab looks to more quickly unlock our current $55 billion penetration opportunity. Our early focus on our largest and fastest-growing certified customers is showing promising results with significant total value delivered for our customers and a great growth opportunity for Ecolab. With strong long-term business momentum, record free cash flow and the proceeds from the sale of the Surgical Drapes business, our balance sheet is in a very healthy position. This provides us with many options to allocate capital to organic and inorganic growth opportunities. On organic growth, we are well positioned to scale unique customer solutions like our AI dish machine program for QSR and circular water systems for data centers and microelectronic manufacturers. On the acquisition front, we're now in a unique position to enhance our focus on the core fields of water, digital and life sciences to generate strong returns for shareholders. In closing, I said this every quarter, and I'll say it again today. Ecolab's future has never looked brighter. Our leading customer value proposition where our technologies help customers improve their operating performance while reducing the water and energy usage is increasingly relevant, especially in unpredictable times and continues to fuel our growth and margin expansion. Simply put, we remain very well positioned to consistently drive 12% to 15% growth in adjusted diluted earnings per share in 2025 and in the years to come. So thanks again for your continued support and naturally your investment in our company. I look forward to your questions.
Andy Hedberg: Thanks, Christoph. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, would you please begin the question-and-answer period?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of Tim Mulrooney with William Blair.
Tim Mulrooney: So I wanted to talk about volumes a little bit. We saw them accelerating here in the third quarter. It was great to see was slightly above our expectations. I'm curious how you're thinking about that trajectory as we move into the fourth quarter? And maybe you could talk about some of the moving pieces here, whether it's institutional, what's happening in their volume-wise or any other business that may be having an outsized impact on that trajectory in volumes?
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Tim. Yes, Im very pleased with the 2% growth that we delivered in volume after the 1% in the previous quarter. And especially when it comes with the continuous build in value pricing. Its been quite a long time that weve managed to keep volumes strong, while building pricing, while retaining customers all at the same time, which was quite remarkable what the team has been able to execute for quite a while and especially in the third quarter. It's been Ie our team have been really focused the last few years at selling value for our customers, thats generated obviously record levels of new business and innovation sales. But to your question on how broad-based it is. Thats the best part of it because if I look at all our businesses, most are accelerating in terms of volume, which is good. And I mean, especially pleased with institutional and specialty that are growing and gaining share in a market thats going down. And its the same in Industrial as well, where most of our businesses are improving as well. The volume growth also in most markets that are either soft or going down. But if we look at the markets or the geographies, the regions, whatever we want to call them in our company thats pretty remarkable is that weve delivered 4% organic growth when Europe was flat, which means that the rest of the world outside Europe was obviously north of 4%, which is demonstrating how nicely were growing outside of Europe, which is a difficult place, obviously, to operate. But on the other hand, really like the margins that we have over there, but the growth is going to be our priority going forward.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Ron Kennedy: This is Ron Kennedy on for Manav. May I please ask Christophe as DPC deflation tailwinds fade and inflation normalizes, how do the drivers of margin expansion and the pace of it evolves. So if not mistaken, there would be GM leverage with -- 2% to 3% price over 1% to 2% inflation. But to what extent is that margin expansion depending on volume growth and mix shift, whether it be to high-growth, high-margin businesses or to digital?
Christophe Beck: Yes. Great question, Ron. As you said, we expect delivered product costs to get back to normal inflationary trajectory kind of aligned with inflation as well, kind of a low single-digit growth. We expect that trend by the way to happen in the fourth quarter, as weve mentioned as well early on. So the fourth quarter will be the inflection point where weve seen some kind of a slight tailwind in Q3, turning point in Q4 and then back to historic level in 2025. Thats the way weve been used to deliver as well in the past, and I feel really good about that because the way were going to deliver is ultimately by staying focused on volume growth, keeping value pricing as well humming as it has so far as well. At the same time, we will keep working on SG&A productivity, improving 20 to 30 basis as well on an annual basis, while we keep investing as well in the business as well at the same time. And ultimately, so you end up with this 12% to 15% earnings per share growth, which we expect very clearly to deliver in 2025 and the years beyond as well, which will lead us ultimately to the 20% I margin that weve committed to and I expect to get there over the next 3 years. So I feel really good about the trajectory that we have even with DPC delivered product costs getting back to its normal inflationary trends.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Josh Spector with UBS.
Josh Spector: I wanted to ask specifically on institutional margins. I mean you continue to do quite well there. However, when I look at margins relative to the past, there's been a lot more seasonality. So margins typically have been higher in the second half versus second quarter and the first half, it kind of stabilized. So I was wondering if you could unpack some of the moving parts there between maybe some of the reinvestments, product costs, et cetera. And as you look forward, is this now a more stable margin profile for that segment with some of the changes you made in Europe? Or do you expect that normal seasonality to kind of return? .
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Josh. I'll give that question to Scott and I'll add a few comments, if needed, after that.
Scott Kirkland: Yes, absolutely. Thanks, Josh. As you noted, the margin performance in Institutional Specialty has been exceptional. Q3, their margin was up 380 basis points versus last year. You talked to the seasonality. Certainly, sales tend to be higher in the summer there. Sequentially, we saw a very modest decline in Q2 to Q3, like 20 basis points. But thats really to your point, were investing in that business as we are elsewhere, making field investments there. And so thats really what drove that just sequential decline Q2 to Q3, but very happy with the margin expansion there, performing well. As Christoph said, in markets that are not helping. But given what we do, the labor savings are more important to ever to our customers and quarters move around, as you said. So I would expect margins for institutional, especially on a full year basis, around about 22%. So right around our long-term target.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Roberts with Mizuho Securities.
John Roberts: There are currently outbreaks at a major [indiscernible] provider in a major QSR. When something like this happens, do you pivot the sales force to leverage that as a teaching moment for your customers? And drive more penetration?
Christophe Beck: It's an interesting question. And it's always sad that it happens usually with a huge impact on human lives. And I feel really so sorry for all what happened. And every time happens as well when all things are happening on the market. And we really stepped back and look at -- it's never been happening to one of our customers just first. That's important to remember. And when it happens to some of those companies, we'll reach out. And we offer our services and almost every time after a while, they come to us and we work together in order to bring them to the right place. But most importantly, we talk about that to our new customers that haven't gone through those outbreaks, our current customers as well what we've learned from it. So we never leverage that as a sales opportunity. We leverage that as a learning opportunity to use [indiscernible] as well as here and almost every single time those companies come and join us to do the right thing, the right way and ultimately, to protect guests, patients, consumers which is part of our mission as a company.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets.
John McNulty: I was hoping you could speak to the growth that you're seeing in the electronics and data center area and how you see that playing out over the next 12 to 24 months? And is it largely coming from existing data centers that are now converting over to and seeing the value kind of that your solutions bring? Or is it new data centers coming online? How should we be thinking about that?
Christophe Beck: Thank you, John. Its a very interesting set of end market. So we call it global high tech, but its really too complementary but differentiated end markets, microelectronics, obviously, the production of microprocessors and data centers. Theyre related, but different. And to your question, is it existing or new ones? Its both. We try to focus as much as we can to the new ones because we can embed our technology in the whole design of the data center or of the microelectronic production site called a fab usually, but we work on both, actually. Maybe just for perspective as well. When I think about AI in the next 5 years, so 2025 to 2030, when you think about it, AI uses 4% of the power thats generated electricity in the U.S. today. Its expected to use 10% to 15% by 2030. At the same time, AI globally will require as much water to cool those data centers than the drinking needs of the whole of India in the next 5 years. So we thought that we were heading for a water scarce world well with AI, its just gotten way more acute. So the fact that were talking to those high-tech companies, theyre very familiar with that challenge. And in the microprocessing world [indiscernible]. We help them produce those microprocessors in ways that we use and recycle water at every step of the production process, which is really complicated to do in the past, while they were generating wastewater that they had to either dump or try to treat before the dump it, never to reuse it. Well, all the new technologies that we are deploying with our customers, we use this and recycled water, so within the fab. And for the data centers, technologies are evolving. Up to now, most of the data centers were cooled because you were cooling the room where the computer was in and tomorrow, it will be so cooling the chip thats within the computer and its called direct chip cooling. And in both cases, we have some very good offering and innovations to help them do that job as well in ways that theyre reducing water usage in dramatic ways. When they reduce water usage, they reduce power usage as well at the same time they improve the uptime as well and they reduce their cost, which is a very Ecolab-like type of model. So weve created dedicated teams both for data centers and for microelectronics in very dedicated markets because thats not happening everywhere around the world, as we know, and really likes what were building, what we have built, the performance of that business and I expect it to become a major driver for us in the years to come.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Jason Hass with Wells Fargo.
Jason Haas: I'm curious if you could comment on the deceleration in the Water segment. I recognize it's relatively slight, but I was curious if that was entirely driven by mining or are there any other factors in if there is some softness in mind, can you just talk about when you would expect to see some improvement there.
Christophe Beck: Jason. You gave the answer, actually. So water is very stable growth as we had in Q2 was impacted by mining, which is the smallest business by the way, which has a tendency to be more lumpy, not cyclical, but lumpy. Its in remote places. You send all those products as well in long distance as well. Its not every quarter is created equal, and thats the only reason for the water trend otherwise our businesses are doing really well, and theyre trending up as well at the same time, which is a good thing.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Patrick Cunningham with Citi.
Patrick Cunningham: So I know it's early days, but could you -- could you discuss how the One Ecolab initiative is progressing in terms of commercial buy-in, value pricing and some of the modest cost efficiencies you laid out in the prior call. And then you mentioned the early focus on the largest 35 customers. But what's been the feedback from those customers? .
Christophe Beck: So let me give the first part of the question to Scott, and then I'll talk a little bit more about the so-called 35 top customers.
Scott Kirkland: Yes. As we talked about last quarter, we've really just launched the program. And as you said, it's very much focused on growth, really getting after accelerating to our 5% to 7% targeted sales growth, focusing on our biggest customers, leveraging the teams that we have, but very focused on growth. The savings are pretty incidental to the program, frankly, but like the way it's going, getting to this best-in-class performance, the best restaurant, best hotel, data centers within our network and really transforming the way we working with these largest customers to get after and it really accelerates that $55 billion opportunity, cross-sell opportunity that we have.
Christophe Beck: So to be a little bit on that. So its a combination of 3 things. Ive shared early on, on previous calls as well here. So its to do exactly what Scott has been talking about, really so penetrating much bigger share of the $55 billion that we have as a penetration opportunity within all customers. And its  the total opportunity for the top 35 is $5 billion, and half of it we dont have. So thats a penetration opportunity that we have. But second, its up to our team as well to figure out whats the path in order to deliver that penetration opportunity while delivering so the value for our customers. And third, its to drive the productivity, which is third priority, but well take it. The technology helps us improve our productivity, which helps us invest while keeping improving productivity as well at the same time. So one comment for the the top 35, which is a combination of our largest 20 customers plus our emerging 15. So those are the ones with the potential to become one of the top 2/3 in the future. The reception from our customers has been very positive because the way we sell is evolving. In the past, weve been selling so much more annually, incrementally, what are the new things I can do for you. Tomorrow, were selling very differently and its saying, well, if one customer has a lot of facilities, locations, units, restaurants, while we can help them understand if all your units were performing at the best performing unit, what would be the potential. And thats the new way of selling saying, well, you can get that much savings in your operation in all 3 elements: first, your business outcome. It can be food safety in a restaurant example. The second is the operational performance. And third is the environmental impact. You add all 3, you get to a dollar impact, you translate that in the total value delivered and we develop a plan in order to deliver that, thats driving growth for us. Performance for our customers. And our customers have been very pleased with that approach. And to be honest, it was customers that were asking us to approach them that way. So it made obviously the sale to those customers much easier, early in the journey but very promising so far.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Chris Parkinson with Wolfe Research.
Christopher Parkinson: Chris, you continue to put up pretty good results in pest elimination. Just the margin was just a touch a bit lighter than we were anticipating. Can you just hit on any color? I think that's a pretty asset-light business. So -- is there a head count investment there? Is there innovation in terms of your digital efforts? Just any color on how we should think about the growth rate relative to the margin progress even if you just want to hit on it longer term, would be incredibly helpful.
Christophe Beck: Yes, you said it, Chris. Its a remarkable business. So high single-digit organic growth, high margin, insane return on invested capital because theres almost no capital thats being invested in that business, obviously the combination of high margin low capital or drive huge returns as well at the same time. When we compare ourselves with other companies, large companies out there, and theres only 4. So its pretty easy that are large and then you have a zillion of smaller ones that represent the lions share of the market, by the way, as well. We are the best-performing business in the world as well. . So when we look at that combination, best-performing business in the world are great performance versus all our businesses as well that we have. Well, its pretty easy come to the conclusion that we should invest more behind that business and exactly what were doing, what weve been doing as well over the past few quarters, and thats impacting the margin short term, but for good results are obviously long term. And to your question, where do we invest? Its basically in 3 areas. The first one is In innovaton. You've heard about our pest intelligence business, which is ultimately connecting the million of devices that we have around the world in order to simplify the work that our teams need to do in a big conference center, well, you might have 500 devices over there, you need 8 hours to get it done. With test intelligence, you need 20 minutes to get the same job done and you have a better result as well in terms of activity in those locations. So better for us, better for the customer and better for the shareholder because its a great added value business as such. The second is to invest in our team, it sales firepower to sell more better to more customers around the world. And the third one is to invest in smaller bolt-on acquisitions, all focused on commercial, sometimes some residential is coming with it, but this is absolutely not our focus. We have commercial B2B business here, thats where we want to be in the future. So all in all, a great business that I believe has much more potential for the future. Thats why were investing behind it as well, and that has impact on the margin short term, but for great return long term.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Christoph, the margin is definitely doing better than expected and it looks like you put a framework in terms of time-wise into where to get when to get to 20%, you said the next 3 years. I was wondering a little bit more shifting on to the revenue side of things in terms of growth. With declining raw material costs, that tailwind kind of now going to be behind you. Should we expect you to be leaning more into pricing? Should we expect that volume is going to get better with the investment in the resources? I'm just trying to map to what will be maybe 4% to 5% growth this year to getting to the 5% to 7%, which is your targeted range?
Christophe Beck: Well, ultimately, I want to get to that targeted range, obviously. Thats going to take some time to get there. Thats the beauty of our business. Its very consistent, very long-term, good momentum. And its going to be a combination of volume and pricing. I think the 2 to 3 on pricing range that Ive been talking about and that weve been delivering as well in 2024, seems to be the sweet spot. We didn't know exactly where it would be. In the past, pre-Covid was 1 to 1.5, and we see that [indiscernible] seems to be the sweet spot going forward and the balance is on the volume side. Interestingly enough, when I look at all our sales of all our businesses, close to 60% of our portfolio today is already within the range that we committed to at Investor Day 1.5 years ago when we were together. So the majority of our business are already humming in the right direction. And when I look at the opportunity we have out of the penetration the 55 billion that I talked about just before as well, our new growth engine in water circularity in high tech, in pest elimination, in life sciences, the whole breakthrough innovation portfolio thats coming online as well. And last but not least, the monetization of our digital offering as well at the same time, makes me feel good about our progression towards that committed range of the 5 to 7. But whats important is when I commit to the 12 to 15, we dont need the 5 to 7 to get there. Thats why for next year, even if we keep progressing nicely, so quarter-over-quarter towards that range, well be delivering the 12% to 15% as well at the same time because value pricing is driving, obviously, 100% margin. Volume is going to help, and we keep driving productivity. As Scott has mentioned as well. So with the One Ecolab initiative were expected to have 20 to 30 basis points SG&A improvement longer term we keep investing 20 to 30 basis points as well in the 3 big categories that I mentioned as well on earlier calls. So generally nice progression towards the range that we want to accomplish.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Christophe, staying on value pricing, how should we think about for next year in terms of being closer to 2% or closer to 3%? What are the key drivers for the lower and upper end of that band?
Christophe Beck: Its going to be between 2 and 3, David, and we always around that number to make your life a bit easier. So sometimes it falls on the 2, sometimes it falls on the 3, but youve seen this year, its gone pretty well. We had 2% in Q3 because as mentioned in my open as well, you have no carryover left in the third quarter, and you dont have the new pricing for the coming year in there either as well. So its kind of the lowest pricing quarter. Thats always the case. Its not a new thing. But I feel good with this 2 to 3, as mentioned, feels like the sweet spot, were going to try, obviously, to get as high as we can on that range. But now, since we just have a few quarters and our belt of that I want to make sure that I stay within that range. We feel really good about that and the closer we can be on the upper side, the better it will be. The very good news is that, as Ive mentioned many times, we drive that value pricing based on the TVD, so the total value delivered that we deliver for our customers. The savings in the operation business outcome, operational performance and environmental impact. And that TVD number is way higher than the pricing that we are delivering, which is demonstrating that net-net, its a very good deal for our customers, and its obviously a very good deal for us. So I feel really good about saying, getting in that range and having it very stable for the longer run.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Pavel Molchanov with Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov: You had a divestiture this year, but I'm not sure that you've acquired anything since 2023. What are your latest thoughts on the M&A front?
Christophe Beck: So we dont comment too much on M&A, obviously. So its a lumpy proposition by design. Obviously, we cant plan too much in advance. But let me share some perspective on that. So we have a great track record of M&A. If I look at the 10 years behind us. We did roughly 100 transactions, smaller, bigger ones, so we have a lot of experience on how to get really, really well with a very high success rate. The second point is as mentioned in my opening, we are in a great place from a balance sheet perspective, very low leverage, great cash flow, so a very strong, very healthy balance sheet. And the third point is our M&A pipeline that weve been nurturing for years continuously is very strong and very focused on the 3B areas. Ive mentioned all the time, the first one being in water technology. But high technology, not basic technology. Second, its digital and high tech and third is in life science. So those are the 3 big areas. So I feel good with what weve done in the past, the position that were in, in terms of firepower. And third, in terms of opportunities that we have  so cant comment much on whats going to happen, but were best positioned ultimately to capture whatever would make sense for shareholders and for the company.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: Year-on-year, was volume growth in industrial close to 0 and volume growth in Institutional and Specialty close to 4. And in terms of your 20% longer-term margin target, in 3 years. Would you reach that if you were at the bottom of your 5% to 7% sales range or do you need to be at the top or it doesn't matter, you'll get there anyway.
Christophe Beck: I feel really good about getting there for all the reasons that I've mentioned as well earlier. We don't need to be at 7%. 7% is obviously easier than 5%. 5% is in a very good place to be to get to this 20%, but if we were to continue on the track we now, so the 4 to 5, which is not my objective obviously so we want to keep accelerating our top line as well, but the environment plays a role as well around us. We would get to this 20% over the next 3 years. If you do the math, with the 12% to 15% by year for the next 3 years, you get very close to that. You add a few other things as well like the One Ecolab initiative, and you get there pretty mechanically. We all know over the next few years are going to be from an external world perspective. We're going to react to that as we've done in the past as well, but I feel really good, Jeff, about delivering that in the next 3 years, as mentioned earlier.
Jeff Zekauskas: And then the volume growth question. .
Christophe Beck: The volume growth question, as mentioned, so to get within this 2% to 3% is obviously a 1% to 2% -- sorry, and 2% to 3% on the value pricing. Is the base case to get to the 20%. Anything that comes on top of that will help us get there quicker.
Jeff Zekauskas: I'm sorry, I meant for the quarter, was industrial close to 0 and institutional close to 4 in the quarter. .
Christophe Beck: Year-on-year, Jeff, just to understand that well. Yes, we had INS in Q3 was  Im looking at the table here north of 3% and Industrial is a bit north of 1% in Q3.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Dan Rizzo: It's Dan Rizzo on for Laurence. I was just wondering if you've ever really talked about how much is cannibalization new technologies does of some existing products, if at all? And if you ever really talked about the vitality index for you guys?
Christophe Beck: So the vitality index, the way we calculate it, it's sort of sales of new products introduced within the last 5 years. That's our definition. That's the one that we've been using so over a very long time. It's around 30% plus and it's growing with our increased focus on breakthrough innovations, so really pleased with that. And the cannibalization, we don't really disclose that number, but it's a very high, especially on the innovation side and most importantly, all new products and offering coming in the market are incremental at margins, and this is the #1 objective that we have.
Dan Rizzo: Vitality index at 30% growing? Is there a target you guys have for the -- over the next, say, 5 years or 3 years, given what you've laid out before with your sales growth target?
Christophe Beck: Can you ask again?
Dan Rizzo: Vitality index at 30%, but growing. Given your sales growth targets, what is -- is there a target for Vitality Index? Do you expect it to get up to north of 40% or higher? Or is that -- I mean, I just -- how should we think about the growth from here?
Christophe Beck: Its going to be north of 30%. We havent committed to a number out there. So for me, the quality of innovation is more important than just a number. As well here because its this big shift that weve made. The 30% in the past was mostly renovation of existing products and offering that we provided to our customer. Now almost half of that innovation pipeline, which is at record level, is what we call breakthrough innovation. Thats an end-to-end solution data center, as I shared before, for microelectronics manufacturer for a brewer or for a restaurant, making sure that their performance reaches the best-in-class level of performance as well. So the impact of our innovation is shifting way more in terms of driving performance for our customers and driving our top line and most importantly, our margin as well at the same time. So the 30% is going to go up. But most importantly, the quality of the innovation pipeline is going to be much better.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital Markets.
Ashish Sabadra: I was just wondering how should we think about the benefits of the growth investments in frontline digital technology and service capabilities as we approach fiscal year '25 in terms of like the pricing tailwinds or volume growth but also operating efficiency. So any incremental color?
Christophe Beck: So the best way to think about it, Ashish, is that its fueling obviously our acceleration towards the 5% to 7%, helping us get obviously, so to the 20% I margin over the next 3 years as mentioned. Its 3 components. One is the sales via power, more people on the street, more efficient at doing it as well. Second, its digital technologies; and third, its service capabilities like the One Ecolab initiative that you heard as well from Scott a little bit early on as well. But whats important is we make those investments while driving a net productivity improvement as well at the same time, thats why I shared with you a little bit the numbers here. We think about in the years to come, 20 to 30 basis points of our sales in growth investments in the years to come and still getting 20 to 30 basis points of SG&A productivity improvement while we do that. So the improvement is net of the investments that were making. So you get good applying evolution and at the same time, an EPS in line with the 12% to 15%, leading us to the 20% over the next 3 years.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin McCarthy: Christophe, I was wondering if you might hit the reset button for us as it relates to health care and life sciences. So now that you've closed the GSS divestiture. How would you characterize organic sales growth prospects and margin uplift prospects for 2025 and beyond?
Christophe Beck: So two different businesses. Healthcare and Life Sciences, as you said, with the reset were going to separate that as well in 2025 and beyond that you have more clarity as well. So about those businesses, especially Life Sciences. Honestly, Health care is becoming a pretty small business after the divestiture. Its very close to the institutional team as well since theyre leveraging the same sales force, especially in the United States. And Im very pleased with the evolution that were having here. So its a smaller business, where we want to improve the profitability of that business. And build a new proposition around instrument reprocessing as Ive shared with you as the next step on the health care journey. We did  the first step was driving cost to the right place. Second, is bifurcation of surgical and infection prevention. Third, the sale of surgical drapes and fourth is to rebuild or to build the instrument reprocessing business for the future. We have a nice base to start with in Europe. On that, and thats going to be the base that were going to build on in the years to come. But still, its going to be a smaller business, more quality business. And our expected business to grow low single to mid-single digits in the years to come, but really driving margin. The second, which is much more important is life sciences. And weve made that bet since 2016, 2017. Its a great business in a great end market. I believe that its going to be a booming business in the next 5 to 10 years. The industry is in a transition phase right now after the complicated years of COVID. Weve been growing slightly. My ambition was to grow double digit. Well, weve been low single in that business. While most of the competition was down, by the way, so it doesnt make me feel good, but certainly better than the trends that weve seen in other companies. In this business as well. But when I look at what were doing, how were building that business, as Ive said, so were close to $1 billion today, expected business in the next 5 to 10 years to be a few billions.At margins that hould be in the 30% range, if nt more than 30as well. Were building towards that. I like a lot of progress that were making. The speed at whch we're going t get there, well, is also a bitdepending on te market. But generally, this is an investment I like and the more I look at it, the more I understand so the opportunity out there, the more I like it. And I think that were all going to love that business down the road.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Andres Castanos with Berenberg.
Andres Castanos: Actually following up on health care. You just consolidated that business that was making 20% margin and you are expanding margins quarter-on-quarter despite that. So can you help us understand that what has gone well and what is turning around within health care.
Christophe Beck: So the margin you were talking about was a combination of health care and Life Science, as mentioned before. So its a combination of 2 very different businesses. One is serving hospitals and the other one is serving, obviously, the pharma industry and biotech, which is pharma as well. So obviously, well have  so if I look at today, so post the sale of surgical drapes  our health care business is kind of a breakeven type of business. We knew that. So no big surprise. But its a very Ecolab institutional-like type of business. So we know how to get to a better place. It requires work, time and some investment to get to the right place. And this is a playbook that were familiar with. I like where were going and were going to get to the right place. But again, its less than 5% of the company. So its a very small business. Over there, but we really want to have this one being smaller, but much more quality focused than what we had in the past. On the Life Science side, were investing now as weve been investing in many businesses that weve built in the past, so were conscious on how were investing in capacity and capability in team, in expertise, in technology as well, so to make sure that we can compete with 2 or 3 other big ones on the market as well, but truly aiming at the type of margin thats closer to 30 if not more than that down the road as well. So very differentiated road maps, both for health care and for life science. Life science really focused as building a multibillion dollar business in the years to come in health care really focusing on building a highly quality business, which will remain relatively small in the years to come.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mike Harrison with Seaport Research.
Mike Harrison: Christoph, I'm curious about the recent hurricanes and whether you saw any impact on your institutional or specialty businesses. Can you quantify any drag that you saw in Q3? And would you expect that to worsen in Q4 or be similar?
Christophe Beck: Well, I dont know whats going to come in Q4, Mike, obviously. So I cant talk about events that havent happened yet. But weve gotten very good at that. Im always heartened obviously with the human impact of those situations. On our teams and more broadly, we had a plant in Asheville as well. Youve heard them in the news as well. But our supply chain team has become such a world-class team. Thats so resilient, so well organized in addressing whatever can happen in the environment of the market out there that ultimately, we havent seen anything in the third quarter business perspective, theres a human impact, obviously, but not on the business side. Weve become so much better from a resilience perspective, that I feel quite good with whatever can happen out there assuming its something that in a normal range, obviously. And even those more extreme situations around the world, Ive been really pleased with the way we could deal with them. When you think about it, 92% of our sales are produced locally.  in a place like in China, its 99% for instance, as well. And that whole evolution of producing locally for local markets not only has been better from a performance perspective, but it has risen as well our resilience levels in dramatic ways. Im so pleased with our supply chain team this used to be a huge competitive advantage in the past today and tomorrow, supply chain is a huge competitive advantage that we have as a company and our customers recognize that every single day, especially in extreme times because we always have them.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Christophe, could I ask you, if you think about your market share gains, whether it's new business wins or increased share of wallet, maybe compared to the beginning of the year or this time last year, however, you think is more sensible. How would you characterize them in terms of their pace of acceleration? And are you doing better more with wallet share gains or with new business wins? Or is it about the same?
Christophe Beck: Well, it goes a bit together when we have a share of wallet that's an increased market share as well because we're taking it from competition by definition. But we try as well to get to new incremental type of offering. The example I was giving before on data centers and microelectronics where we use and recycle. Well, those are applications that customers do not have today. So that's an incremental sale, that's not a share gain because they were not buying from someone else, which is where we focus a big part of our retention. But the 55 billion I mentioned before, which is the focus of One Ecolab, well, it's wallet cheer, obviously, because those are sales that are being generated by competition so far. I'd like to let the progression that we have, the fact that our top line is healthy, our volume is improving as well. in many markets where demand is not exactly accelerating. If anything, it's staying kind of stable out there. So for me, our share gains are improving over time. And if I look as well at our new business generation, very healthy as well. That's a good indication for what's to come down the road. And as mentioned before, our innovation pipeline, which helps us sell as well to customers is stronger than it's ever been as well at the same time, good indications for the future as well. So good evolution from a share gain perspective the last 12 to 18 months, and good indication for the quarters to come as well with those leading indicators of new business and innovation.
Vincent Andrews: One is not materially stronger than the other in terms of leading [indiscernible].
Christophe Beck: The new business is the closest, obviously. But you get new business, thanks to innovation as well, at the same time, so we dont measure them so separately like that. Theres some double count if you just  you cant add both of them and to say thats the whole pipeline that we have down the road. But the fact that both are at record levels is a very good indication that we can maintain our sales momentum and accelerated as I was sharing before.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Neivert with Piper Sandler.
Charles Neivert: Just a couple of quick things. One, in terms of the fact that oil pricing has dropped quite a bit lately and may continue to drop a little bit more. And I know there's not sort of an effect on a raw material standpoint, but when people are looking for savings and the savings that you can offer them on the energy side, will that drop affect your ability to raise pricing further than it might have otherwise gone, meaning at higher oil prices, the value sale figure -- so therefore, price hikes would be bigger. So is this sort of a little bit of a problem in terms of how far you can raise pricing? And secondly, can you talk specifically about your -- and so we know it's slow. We know the economy is slow, but is there anything specific? Is it Asian imports? Is there anything that's happening in Europe that is specifically sort of hindering your ability to grow at any -- at a better pace -- and will it change or a tenant change in your -- obviously, in your favor?
Christophe Beck: So two different questions, obviously here. So Charles, the first on pricing. Well, the best indication is what happened in the last 12 to 18 months where raw material costs were tailwind for us, and we still delivered some very strong value pricing because we are delivering so much total value delivered this TV Day, as mentioned before, so to our customers. Ultimately for them, well, its TVD in price, if its a net positive. So for the customer, usually it works well. And thats what weve demonstrated over the last 2 years. . So weve demonstrated that even in an environment where delivered product cost is a tailwind, we can generate value pricing as well at the same time. Well, when it becomes a headwind as we expect it to be sometime in Q4. And certainly, in 2025, while the whole discussion of value pricing is even more important, obviously, here. So I feel reasonably good at delivering the value pricing in the next few quarters and years to come because weve been able to deliver very strong value pricing in easier environment from a DPC perspective, well in a more difficult one in the future, it should not make it harder, but it should make it slightly easier. Selling pricing is never something easy. So I want to be careful how Im saying that as well time. But generally, so thats why I feel really good about 2025 because we have a good volume growth. We have steady value pricing. DPC is probably going to become as a headwind. We have good productivity, but the combination of all 4 together puts us in a very good place to deliver this 12% to 15% in 2025, no matter what, which is something that weve practiced over the last few years. So we know how to manage that, and well keep managing it well going forward.
Operator: Our final question is from the line of Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger: Christophe, all the way back to the first question, it was a discussion about how volumes had picked up a little bit. And you mentioned you were really proud of how you continue to get pricing and retention had been quite strong. I just kind of want to ask this as a look-back question, but about 2 years ago was when you really started increasing pricing, inflationary environment. I'm curious, did you see anything really unique or dynamic with retention over the last couple of years, which I imagine is improving now. But just to get a little perspective is what I'm working for over those 2 years. on retention and anything currently on the competitive environment that may influence that as well.
Christophe Beck: The retention rate, which is close to 95%, it's been true for a very long time as a company. Hasn't changed in the last few years, which have been kind of extreme years since 2020, as we know, there was COVID and there was the hyperinflation driving the higher pricing as well. We've stayed at the same or very similar retention level. So which is why I feel really good about our approach that's been demonstrated over years now in the most extreme of the situation. Our focus on total value delivered, making absolutely sure that our customers get more savings in their own operations by delivering better outcomes, better performance and better impact ultimately is more than what we ask from a pricing perspective. So net-net, a very good thing for them and ultimately a very good thing. So for us, as a company and you as shareholders, obviously. So retention, very stable, volume strengthening, pricing strengthening as well at the same time. So kind of a very good balance of all drivers here. So at the end of the day, I feel really good with the momentum that we have as a company, as mentioned to Tim at the beginning, very broad-based across businesses, across geographies, with Europe being the tougher place. It's always going to be the case. I've been living there for half of my life as well, and we know how to win in Europe as well at the same time [indiscernible] driving ultimately so margin improvement, driving productivity and delivering [indiscernible] this 12 to 15 EPS growth. I feel really good about where we're heading for 2025 and for the years ahead and ultimately, get to this 20% OI margin. That's the next step, but my focus is already beyond the 20% and making sure that we can grow beyond that for the benefit of all our shareholders. So that would be in summary, how I would look at it.
Andy Hedberg: Thank you. That wraps up our third quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated discussion slides will be available for replay on our website. Thank you for your time and participation. I hope everyone has a great rest of the day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-30 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Ecolab Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. At this time, it is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andy Hedberg, Vice President Investor Relations. Thank you Mr., Hedberg, you may now begin.
Andy Hedberg: Thank you, and hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolabs second quarter conference call. With me today are Christophe Beck, Ecolabs Chairman and CEO, and Scott Kirkland, our CFO. A discussion of our results along with our earnings release and the slides referencing the quarter results are available on Ecolabs website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements in these materials, which state that this teleconference and the associated supplemental materials include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described under the Risk Factors section in our most recent Form 10-K and in our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in release. With that, Id like to turn the call over to Christophe Beck for his comments.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Andy, and welcome to everyone on the call. I'm happy to share my perspective before we jump into Q&A. But in summary, with 35% adjusted earnings growth in Q2 and 25% to 29% earnings growth expected for the full year, I feel very good about where we are and even more where we going. Ecolabs very strong business momentum continued in the second quarter. Our team delivered for our customers and delivered for our shareholders. Organic sales growth remained in its previously forecast 4% to 5% range, as growth in our institutions and specialty segment, normalized to a strong 7%, lapping last year's very strong 13%. Performance across the rest of our segments further improved. Our growth continues to be leveraged by exceptional organic operating income margin expansion. Margin increased by 360 basis points to 17%, which is a record second quarter margin for Ecolab, resulting in the very strong 35% growth in adjusted earnings per share. With continued top line momentum and operating margins expanding towards our 20% target. We remain firmly on our long-term 12 to 15 earnings growth trajectory. Looking at our segments, Institutional and Specialty continued to perform exceptionally well, delivering strong organic sales growth on top of last year's double-digit gains. Importantly, our business continues to significantly outperform softer restaurant food traffic trends, as our customers look to Ecolab's labor savings technologies to improve their operational performance. This growth was leveraged by continued robust operating income margin expansion with Institutional Specialties margin already exceeding 20%. Growth in our Industrial segment improved, despite continued volatile end market demand. Water sales growth accelerated to 4%, led by strong growth in downstream and double-digit growth in our global high tech business, which serves the rapidly expanding data center and microelectronic industries. As expected, sales in food and beverage were stable as good new business wins offset comparisons to last year's double-digit growth. Performance in paper improved also, a trend we can  we expect to continue, as new business wins helped us accelerate those end markets stabilized. Our Healthcare & Life Sciences segment also showed better performance. Life Sciences growth improved to 4%, as attractive share gains allowed us to outperform ongoing short-term soft industry trends. We continue to expect modest growth in our Life Sciences business during the second half of the year. Healthcare sales were down modestly, as we continue to exceed low margin business to improve our profitability. Our healthcare transformation is progressing very well. At a previously announced sale of our Global Surgical Solutions business to Medline is moving exactly as expected, subject to customary regulatory and closing conditions, we expect to close this transaction and very soon. As discussed when we announced the sale last quarter, once closed, the transaction will reduce our Healthcare & Life Sciences quarterly sales by about $100 million in quarterly operating income by about $15 million. Longer term, healthcare continues to sharpen its focus on and it's very healthy anchor instrument reprocessing business that combines consumables, personal service and digital solutions, while in other words, but typically Ecolab business, whether it is much more to be done, I'm proud of the progress we've made to create a sustainable, profitable healthcare business that will deliver even stronger value of our important hospital customers. Pest Elimination once again continued to execute exceptionally well. Organic sales grew 9% and organic operating income grew double digit, benefiting from our enterprise cross-selling strategy and innovative digital capabilities. As we continue our long-term growth journey, I'm excited to share details of our One Ecolab initiative, which will help fuel 5% to 7% long-term organic sales growth and continued to expand our operating margins towards 20% and beyond. We know what best-in-class performance looks like, the best restaurants, the best hotels for the best data centers. And we know how to deliver this by our customers, because of our experience serving millions of locations in more than 170 countries, across 40 industries. By leveraging more than 100,000 system connections and billions of proprietary data points on business outcomes, operational performance, and environmental impact, we can demonstrate how an entire network of customer sites can operate a best-in-class performance to deliver even more customer value. This will help us drive attractive growth by continuing to capture more share of our existing $55 billion cross-sell opportunity. At the same time, these new technologies will allow us to enhance the way we operate and serve our customers by realigning the function and worked on across hundreds of offices around the world into major global centers of excellence. The resulting total annualized savings of approximately $140 million are expected to be realized by 2027. Put simply One Ecolab will enable customers to reach best-in-class performance on all three fronts, business outcomes, operational performance and environmental impact by leveraging Ecolab's complete offering. Looking to the balance of 2024, the confidence we have in our performance continues to strengthen. As a result, we're increasing our outlook for full year 2024 adjusted EPS to the range of $6.50 to $6.70, up 25% to 29% versus last year. As previously discussed, this range includes an unfavorable impact in the second half of 2024 from sale of our global Surgical Solutions business. The unfavorable impact to 2024 adjusted EPS is now estimated to be $0.08 a share, which is a bit more than we had previously anticipated as we expect this transaction to close very soon. This is very good news, but it also has a bigger impact on the full year. FX on the other hand has also become more of a headwind and is now anticipated to be about $0.09 drag to full year EPS, and despite its incremental headwind to EPS, we still have increased our guidance range, which demonstrates the strong underlying momentum we have in the business. We expect to keep growing our organic sales at a similar rate as in the first half of the year, driving 2% to 3% value pricing and 1% to 2% volume growth. Attractive operating income margin expansion is expected to continue to second half 2024. The rate of exceptional expansion will moderate as benefits from lowered delivered product cost we continue to ease. Finally, we continue to anticipate quarterly adjusted diluted earnings per share growth to progressively normalize towards Ecolab's long-term 12% to 15% target as solid growth continues and impact from delivered product costs expected to normalize exiting 2024. As always, will remain good stewards of capital by continuing to invest in the business, increasing our dividend and returning cash to shareholders with great business momentum and cash flows. Our balance sheet is in a very strong position. This provides us with many options to allocate capital to growth opportunities that will generate continued strong returns for shareholders. Ecolab future has never looked brighter. Our leading customer value proposition where our technologies help customers improve the operating performance while reducing their water and energy use is increasingly relevant and continues to fuel our growth, pricing and margin expansion. We therefore, remain confident in delivering superior performance for our customers and shareholders in 2024 and beyond. So thank you for your continued support and investment in Ecolab. I look forward to your questions. Andy?
Andy Hedberg: Thanks, Christophe. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, would you please begin the question-and answer-period?
Operator: Yes. Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of Tim Mulrooney with William Blair. Please proceed with your questions.
Tim Mulrooney: Christophe, good morning.
Christophe Beck: Good afternoon, Tim.
Tim Mulrooney: So I wanted to dig into the institutional segment a little bit here, which had really strong ally margins in the second quarter, but probably the strongest I've ever seen from the second quarter. I think margins typically taken the third quarter. But I'm wondering if that's the expectation this year given what we saw in 2Q? And were there any one-time factors that could help me here that we should be aware of for our models? And if I could sneak in a part to just to touch on the growth side that you're seeing in the institutional business right now, which looks really good. I was just curious how you're thinking about the sustainability of that strong performance in the second half of this year and into next year. Thank you.
Christophe Beck: Thanks for the question. Tim, very pleased with the Institutional and Specialty segment. They're performing exceptionally well. As you've seen, as you know, so they're lapping against the 13% top line growth in Q2 of 2023. So the 7% for this year is really strong, especially in a market where food traffic is down 4%. So quite a remarkable performance. The margin that we had in Q2 were very clean for that segment. And as you know, it's a little bit seasonal, so by quarter, but generally, margins are going to remain north of 20%. And as we've said, for the full year, we should reach the 22% targeted OI margin for 2024 as segment keeps improving as well from there. So good top line, huge interest from customers, very clean. And from a margin perspective, so very strong, and it's going to keep improving as well in the next few quarters and years. So, very pleased with what IMS is doing. Innovation is also adding a lot as well as to the firepower of that business. As you know, our customers are trying to find solution to manage labor shortages, wage growth as well that they have. They need more automation, they need more systems, they need more digital technology. This is exactly what we're providing our customers. So, all-in-all, as I've shared with you many times before the pandemic, for me, institutional was kind of a steady good business for the future of Ecolab. Now, a few years later, I'm extremely bullish about that business because we're uniquely positioned to gain a lot of share at very high margin.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Ashish Sabadra: Thanks taking my question. I just wanted to focus on the raw price dynamic. How should we think about the raw material tailwinds going into the back half of the year. And we've continued to see pretty robust gross margin expansion. How should we think about the SG&A operating leverage going forward? Thanks.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Ashish. I'll pass that question to Scott.
Scott Kirkland: Yes, Ashish, thanks for the question. Just -- answering your first question, as we think about the DPC, as Christophe talked upfront, we saw the favorability in Q2, high single-digits. We're expecting that favorability to taper as we go into Q3, sort of, call it, low to mid-single-digits. And then by Q4, raws to get really stabilized as we think about them and going into next year, frankly, we're seeing a world where raws get back to sort of normal inflationary levels next year. Certainly, given the amount of raws, the thousands of raw materials that we buy, they move around differently in some cases, like caustic, you've seen favorability. But in other commodities, you're seeing them go the other direction, oil-based commodities in particular. And then as we think about the SG&A leverage, which your two-part question is -- as we talked about last quarter, we are making really smart growth-oriented investments, which is really driving the lion's share of the increase second quarter, the 6% year-over-year. And those investments are in frontline firepower, technology, digital technology, which is all helping long-term productivity. And we feel very good about that underlying productivity. So, in long-term, expect to get at least those historical levels of productivity going forward.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Ronan Kennedy: Hi, good afternoon. This is Ronan Kennedy on for Manav. Thank you for taking my question. With the One Ecolab initiative, I understand the long-term guidance framework unveiled at September 23 Investor Day. I understand that contemplated SG&A productivity in addition to GM recovery. But to what extent did you consider this One Ecolab initiative and related benefits? Was it fully considered or is it incremental? And what impact -- what's the impact on the targets, the trajectory, the timeline for realization, if any?
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Ronnie. It's all going to support, obviously, our commitment to reach the 20% OI margin as quickly as we can. But most importantly, One Ecolab is a growth initiative. It's really helping fuel towards the 5% to 7%, which is the other commitment that we've made as well, which leads to this 12% to 15% earnings per share growth. When you think about it for One Ecolab, our company has anchored its strategy on circle the customer, circle the globe for a very long time. The opportunity is huge, $55 billion and close to $3 billion for our top 35 customers. Well, up to now, we had to rely very successfully so, by the way, on our teams to work together in order to provide whole value of Ecolab to our customers everywhere around the world by working together by reaching out by working as one team. One Ecolab is today hardwiring all that, that ultimately we can help our customers take a restaurant chain, for instance, understand what's my best-in-class performance that I should be aiming at, because we know what the best restaurant performance is out there. In terms of guest satisfaction, in terms of cost, in terms of environmental impact, and we can help them understand what's potential for the company, for the set of restaurants, and we will share that upside between us as value price and obviously, for the customer a net-net positive for the customer. Well, that helps us grow. That helps us improve our margin, that helps our customers improve their performance. So it's a win-win that drives as well retention or loyalty. So at the end of the day, it's growth focused and at the same time, the technology that we're using will help us reorganize the way we work, serving those customers as One Ecolab, that's going to improve as well as the productivity. We've had 20 to 30 basis points in the past of SG&A productivity growth, that's going to improve as we go forward as we implement One Ecolab, but at the same time, as Scott was mentioning before, today, we also reusing some of that margin upside in order to reinvest in growth investment. All-in-all, that will help us get to the 20% and go beyond by driving 5% to 7% top line growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Roberts of Mizuho Securities. Please proceed with your question.
John Roberts : Yes. Maybe just further follow-up on that, Christophe. It sounds like you plan on creating centers of excellence. So what would the center excellences be? And is the charge for severance for some of the functions that are going to be replaced by the Center of Excellence?
Christophe Beck : So, John, I'll let it to Scott to reply to that question. But generally, we've been so over the years, always evolving way we work, especially with all the technology capabilities that we have. So most of the investments share from all the technology to newer technology to that new way of working, which ultimately is going to help us grow faster and drive productivity, but bottom line, the good thing is that our team will keep strengthening as well in the meantime. So there will be no net negative for anyone in the organization. Is that Scott?
Scott Kirkland : Yes. Thanks, John. I'll add to that, Christophe. As he said, this is not about the restructuring. It's not about cost savings. This is focused on growth. The savings, honestly, John, are pretty immaterial in context of the P&L. And if you think about this over a three-year program, the net sort of cost and savings are less than 1% on average over the next few years, really starting in 2025. But as we think about it, to your question on what that sort of nature it is and what's happening that is it's not about cutting the jobs, but about realigning where the work gets done, moving work to these centers of actions functional work really. To support the growth, create scalability to Christophe earlier point, that helps drive incremental productivity from a long-term perspective. And then to your question on the charges, the special charges will include severance. As we move work from many countries into these global COEs. But also there are other costs in there, including advisory costs, other costs, facility related costs. But again, these are going to happen over the next few years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joshua Spector with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Lucas Beaumont: Yes. Hi. This is Lucas Beaumont on for Josh. So just looking at the second half assumptions, typically like Ecolab will get a step up in EPS of sort of $0.25 or more 2Q to 3Q, I mean, there's only been a couple of instances in the last 10 years where that didn't happen. So your guide is kind of assuming that it's only up going to $0.12 to $0.20 at the high end. So firstly, I was wondering if you could just kind of walk us through why that normal seasonality doesn't make sense this year. And then secondly, the typical like 4Q move is like flat to down modestly, which is basically what you've assumed in your guide. So if we had a more typical 3Q move and then we get the normal 4Q move, you'd be pointing more to like 680 for the year versus where you guys are at on the 660. So just trying to understand sort of what's different in the setup this year, please. Thanks.
Christophe Beck: Thank you. I'll let Scott start and I'll build on that.
Scott Kirkland: Yes. Feel free to add to this, Christophe. Obviously a lot of move around, as Christophe talked in the second half, don't forget that. Well, we will have the, the impact of surgical, which will be a headwind, which we talked about, about $0.08 in addition to the additional headwinds that we'll see from FX. But overall, as you see this, the sales we expect to continue to accelerate throughout the year, right. And you typically see sales being higher in sort of the second and third quarter of the year. And then on the other side of this, you'll see the year-over-year margin expansion start to we'll continue to expand. But it will ease through the third quarter, as DPC eases and then DPC becomes sort of stable and ultimately a headwind next year. And so I think you have some dynamics here that are probably not going to be able to compare the second half of this year to the normal years. But getting back to this is really the  if you look at our earnings growth that we're going to drive very strong earnings growth and even excluding the DPC tailwinds, we're getting at third quarter. And then the stable DPC in the fourth quarter that we're going to be driving underlying EPS at the high end of our long-term 12% to 15% range.
Christophe Beck: Yes, I feel really good about the second half here, when you think about it, so 35% earnings growth in Q2, 14% to 20% expected in Q3, 12% to 18% for Q4 with the midpoint of 15%, as Scott said. So with no DPC help as well at that point, including as well the impact of the surgical sale and FX as well, while demonstrates the strong business momentum and margin upwards momentum that we have as well here. So very consistent, very steady, feel really good about where we're going here.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Chris Parkinson with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Parkinson: Great. Thank you so much. Chris, I'd like to dig in a little bit more on Institutional and Specialty, just given kind of all the macro dynamics and your relative outperformance. But can you break down, everything that's going on in quick service, including some of these perceived value ores and obviously the mechanics of food retail and then lodging in the institutional side of it, what's been driving the degree of material outperformance. And when we think about the second half into 2025, does your team see actually any further improvements there, or is it going to be primarily market share gains that's going to drive the narrative for the foreseeable future? Thank you.
Christophe Beck: Yes. Thank you, Chris. It's mostly market share gain, as it's been as well. So the past few quarters as mentioned, so the food traffic in restaurants in the US is down 4%. So that's really showing how much we're gaining share. The main driver in institutional and specialty of our performance is that we are helping our customers with labor automation. They don't find labor and labor is expensive at the same time and with a high turnover. Other than that, so it's pretty easy for our customers. So, it's pretty hard, obviously. All solutions that we provide them, being chemical solutions are helping doing three-in-one or our new machine program like the AI Dish Machine that we introduced at the National Restaurant Association Show a few months ago or our digital technologies as well are all helping our restaurant and hotel customers to serve more guests in a better way while using less labor. Well, this is exactly what they need. This is exactly what we're providing them. And it's exactly what competition can't really provide. So, you put it all together, that drives growth at a higher margin because everybody wins.
Operator: The next question is from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
John McNulty: Yes, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. When you look at the industrial business, it looks like it's kind of a -- there's the haves and have nots and you're seeing some decent growth in areas like water, food and beverage paper still maybe struggling a little bit. I guess, can you give us your outlook for the industrial markets as you're looking forward into the back half of the year and early next year? What you're hearing from your customers, especially on some of the areas that may be struggling like the heavier water applications?
Christophe Beck: Thank you, John. Generally, I like the progression that industrial is having. So, if you take a little bit the broader picture, the last figures, industrial has done unbelievable work in terms of margin improvement. We've reached a record level as well. And the shift to offense a year ago that we started is starting to bear fruits as well in terms of top line momentum, which is exactly where we wanted to be, getting top line moving while keep improving as well the margins, and that's exactly what's happening. So, we've moved overall segments from 1% growth in the first quarter to 2% in the second quarter. Within that as well, our largest business, which is water is at 4%, which, by the way, has been impacted as well by mining. So, underlying water would be even stronger in the downstream is really strong in water as well. Global high-tech is doing extremely well as well at the same time. So, industrial shifting very nicely. When I think about F&B and paper, they're going to keep improving in the quarters to come. So, bottom-line, you will see industrial shift even further up with very strong margin of 16% today, which is 200 basis points better than where we were in 2019. So, I think that we've really managed that very, very well and the best is yet to come.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. In the first quarter, our year-over-year volume growth was 2%. In this quarter, your year-over-year volume growth is 1%. Is the reason for the deceleration, a deceleration in volume growth in the institutional business because of tougher comparisons? And secondly, do you have a target for your global industrial business. I know you want to get to a 20% margin, and that's the business that's maybe at, I don't know, 16.5%, something like that. Do you have a goal for that business?
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Jeff. As mentioned just before, so industrial is at 16% right now, it's 200 basis points better than what it was 2019 and ultimately, we want to have industrial move towards the 20% as well, getting to 18% will be already a good step in that direction. And if we get industrial to 18% and all the other businesses get to the target, we will get north of 20% as a whole company. So feel really good about both getting beyond the 20% as a whole company and 18% for industrial, which is an unbelievable margin when you compare to competition. Now your first question on volumes, so from 2% to 1%, well, you comment was the answer. It's the lap between Q2 institutional this year versus last year, which was 13%. That's bringing the 2% to 1%. So it's a year-on-year comparison. Other than that, all businesses, all segments as you've seen, have been improving as well in the meantime. So year-on-year optical comparison, and all businesses are improving very nicely, which is why I feel good about the business momentum.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Christophe, back on to the One Ecolab initiative. Do you need to make any additional investments to support this initiative? And how should we think about the rollout -- initial revenue drivers from this initiative?
Christophe Beck: So David, thank you. It's going to be progressive. There is no revolution that's to be expected here. A lot of ground work has been done over the past few quarters as well as we now also get into execution mode. All the investments are planned in our numbers as we will share. So no surprise to be expected. So from that initiative, it's really an initiative that's helping us get towards this 5% to 7% as quickly we can. And I feel really good because we know that the 55 billion cross-sell opportunity that we have out there. And again, as mentioned before, out of the top 35 customers, we have $3 billion is available there. Well, this easier top line that we can get at a higher margin because obviously, we're serving those customers already. So the cost to serve is much lower. So when you bring it all together, it's very it's very organic, natural. There's no revolution. It's what customers have been asking for years as well. What our teams are expecting as well that when they go and serve a customer while they get the full picture of what we're doing for that customer today. At the same time, they understand what could be the best-in-class performance, how much additional value they could generate, what are the programs that they could sell to them as well and then developing an execution plan for the customer to get there and ultimately to get paid for it through the value pricing that we've been developing over the past few years. So bottom line, very organic, no incremental cost that we haven't included in our numbers as well in here. So I feel really good about where we're going with One Ecolab here.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Pavel Molchanov with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Pavel Molchanov: Thanks for taking the question. We haven't seen any M&A of late, even on a kind of bite-sized or tuck-in scale. I'm curious how you're currently evaluating the acquisition pipeline?
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Pavel. So I can't go in too much detail for obvious reasons with M&A. We've done several smaller ones over the last few years following, obviously, the acquisition of Purolite at the end of 2021. We wanted to make sure we got that integration well done, that we got the right platform for the future that we could get as well our leverage ratio also back to two. That was our promise as well. We're getting there as well as we speak, even more, obviously, with the sale of our Surgical Solutions business. So it's all done in a thoughtful manner, both from an execution perspective and from a financial perspective as well. What I can say is that our M&A pipeline of big and small opportunities is very rich. We entertain all those connections on a regular basis as well. The fact that we have a great business, performing extremely well with one of the strongest balance sheet that we've ever had, puts us in a unique position obviously, so to go after opportunities that we believe. So it would be the right one for us. So what you've seen in the past is what you're going to see in the future, but always focused on our three key priorities, as I've shared many times with you. First, it's going to be water. Second, it's going to be digital. And third, it's going to be life science. So those are going to be the main areas where we're going to be investing in M&A as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. It's [indiscernible] for Lawrence. Just a little bit on the other side of the coin. You did a divestiture in the low-margin healthcare, and forgive me if you've said this in the past, but are there other businesses, which you can look at where you might be exiting as well within that segment or within others?
Christophe Beck: Not really. We, obviously, look at our portfolio on a regular basis. And really, you think the way on who would be the best owner for that business. That's been true for a very, very long time. And the surgical business was an obvious candidate, because it is a product business, it's not service business where we can apply the Ecolab model, where you have service, technology, chemistry and data that come together. Surgical was purely drapes, great drapes, obviously, but those are products. That's a business that fits very well in a Medline portfolio, much less in our own company. So that's one of the reasons why we've sold this business. At the same time, we want to make sure that our healthcare business can build from a smaller scale, a much healthier business for the future and really focused on instrument processing, which is a typical Ecolab business. Beyond that, there's no obvious business out there that that doesn't fit the portfolio doesn't have the right performance. I like a lot the broad-based nature of the performance of the business across businesses and across markets. So, in short, no obvious candidate out there to do something similar.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Hi, thank you. I just wanted to ask Scott to maybe dig a little bit deeper just on that volume question that was brought up before. I understand the mathematical implications of institutional growth slowing, but -- because of the comps, how should we think of that in the second half of the year? If you look at it, you -- on a total company volume, you grew 1% on a negative 1% last quarter. If you had 0% or flat volume in 3Q, does it make it tougher in order to generate the volume growth for the second half of the year? So, just trying to get to how we should think of the volume growth going forward? And then if you don't mind, I just want to ask a housekeeping question, we saw a spike up sequentially in interest expense about $7 million, but the debt level was relatively the same. I don't know if there were some inter-quarter borrowing or is there something else that's included in that line? If you could just clarify that, so we can straighten that out for our model?
Scott Kirkland: Yes, I'll start with your last question first. If you just look at interest expense overall year-over-year, we had cash that we used to pay down debt earlier in the year in the first quarter. So, there's some impact from that as cash has come down from over $900 million at the end of 2023 to at the end of Q2, it's about $380 million. So, that's probably the biggest driver as we look sequentially on interest expense. Expect interest expense in the second half to be in that call it, $60 million to $70 million range, which is inclusive of benefit we'll get from the Orchid proceeds, which is, as you've seen in the disclosure, the gross proceeds there are about $950 million. So, back to your earlier volume question, when I think Christophe hit on exactly, which is an to Jeff's earlier comment, as we look at that sequentially, on the volume, it's really the impact of the comparisons to the institutional volume coming down from Q1 to Q2 on the more difficult comps and as we think about in the second half in that range that Christophe talked earlier in this 1% to 2%.
Christophe Beck: And maybe building on that, my commitments to you has been so to get to this 5% to 7% as quickly as we can. 4% to 5% this year, as I've said, not every quarter is going to be created equal, mostly because of year-on-year comparison. So, 4% to 5% this year towards 5% to 7% doesn't seem to be like something crazy especially with the momentum that we're showing, and industrial also getting better, as mentioned, past remaining very strong. Institutional being in a very strong position as well. And when I see all the investments that we're making as well out of the margins improvements that we have with more feet on the street, with more capacities in growth businesses like global high tech, with more capabilities in digital and innovation around the world as well, I feel good with the trajectory that we're having moving from this 4% to 5% to 5% to 7% is going to happen so very naturally.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steve Byrne with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Byrne: Yes. Thank you. I'd like to hear your view on two potentially meaningful longer-term opportunities in water. The first one being this initiative you talked about last year where you're going to be going after these -- I don't know, what is 150 companies that consume 20% of global freshwater, is that an initiative that still has a meaningful potential for you. And then the other one is with PFAS being classified as hazardous, that means every company that manages or uses it, will have to report it in 2025 under TRI, is that an initiative you are following?
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Steve. So two parts, obviously, very different components of your question here. So first, in terms of focusing on the 150 companies that use a third of the world water. This is where we focus all our attention. And as mentioned before, so our laser focus on our top 35 customer as a company aligns perfectly well with that vision of the world of those 150 companies using a third of the world water. Those are the ones that are the more interested, obviously, in our technology, helping them produce more while reducing their cost, by reducing the usage of energy and water. This is working really well, which is one of the reasons where our water business is doing well and keeps accelerating as well at the same time. Now on the PFAS question, which is an old question, we have all the technologies to get that done the right way. Regulation is going to help in a certain extent where everyone will have to play with the same rules. So we are really focusing on our customers today, helping them get plans on how to address that PFAS issue that turns into a business opportunity. So for us over time. And we focus mostly on food and beverage customers, those are the ones who have the highest interest right now. And I like progress that we're making here, but it's going to take some time to see it happen or having an impact on our top line growth. But at some point, it will.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes. Thank you and good afternoon, Christophe. My question relates to the potential timing attached to your long-standing EBIT margin goal of 20%. Would you expect to achieve that margin target coincident with the $140 million of savings from One Ecolab or perhaps sooner than that or later. I appreciate that the macro environment obviously has something to say about the timing, but I would certainly welcome any updated thoughts on that glide path and time frame.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Kevin. It was in September or October last year that I said we will get there, so within a few years. And for sure, less than five. Well, we're almost a year later. So it's kind of the same and a year closure. To that, if anything, I feel more confident that we're going to get there. We're going to get there in time. There is no direct correlation between the One Ecolab savings and that margin, as Scott was saying before, we're talking about smaller numbers. This $140 million in the grand scheme of things. One Ecolab is mostly a growth initiative which will help, obviously, on the SG&A, but most importantly, will drive the margin, gross margin even higher, which will lead us to an OI improvement. So I stick to where we were within the next few years, and we see the PCs coming very well together. Gross margin is already close to 44%, which was the high watermark. For our company, we keep improving from there. Our SG&A is 200 basis points below where it was pre-pandemic as well in 2019 and will keep accelerating as well. Well, you bring all three together nice top line acceleration, gross margin further improvements and productivity improvements as well will mathematically lead to the 20% fairly soon.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Patrick Cunningham with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Patrick Cunningham: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. On the Pest Elimination business, the sales growth continues to be very strong, but the margin expansion is a bit more muted than the other segments. How should we think about the cadence of growth investments into that business and the timing on when we start to see some meaningful sales leverage and just a follow-up there is, what sort of long-term margin target do you have for that business?
Christophe Beck: Good question, Patrick. So I really love that business, very steady growth, high single, low double, really good, not always an easy market, but whatever happens out there, it's always a very good performance. At the same time, it's the best performing Pest Elimination business in the world, which is also a good indication. And as you know, so there is no raw materials, almost none related to that business. So there is no DPC help or hurt obviously on that business. It's a business that's going to get north of 20%, for sure. And when I think about the main growth drivers here, there are two mostly. The first one is to drive cross-sell, which has been at core of our growth strategy in Pest Elimination, so selling the Pest Elimination services to existing Ecolab customers worked really well over many, many years. And second, it's to invest in connected devices. We have all the technology. We are one of the largest industrial cloud in the world. We have all sensing technology. We have all systems, we have all cybersecurity, everything that you need. Ultimately, so to connect all those millions of devices around the world that today, we go and visit regularly each of them to check whether you're going to get activities or not, well, tomorrow that's going to be very different. One data point at the National Restaurant Association Show we were in that big conference hall, where you have 600 traps in there today, we need roughly eight hours to go and check all those traps. Tomorrow, it's going to be done in 20 minutes. So just imagine how much value we can create, both in terms in terms of growth, of service to customers and naturally in terms of performance that we can drive out of the business. So that's going to drive top line growth. It's going to going to drive earnings growth, and it's going to drive return on invested capital, which is already the highest in our company even further higher.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Andy Wittmann with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Andy Wittmann: Great. Thanks for taking the question this afternoon. I guess I also wanted to ask on the 1 Ecolab plan just because from the outside, it's hard to I think, understand sometimes the difference between your various plans. I think over the years, I think back to like the 2018 efficiency initiative, you talked about some of the technology investments that you made enabled those changes then, you expanded that in 2019 and then again in 2020. The institutional advancement program that you rolled out in 2023 was largely underpinned, I think Christophe about the digital investments that you made at that time as well. And then I think even the European program that you announced in 2023 also was kind of driven by digital. So this one I'm hearing again is going to be using technology to effectuate some of these efficiencies, but I mean, can you just make a little bit finer point on kind of what's different about this one compared to some of the prior ones?
Christophe Beck: So the main difference, Andy, is that the prior ones where by individual business. It was to really improve the delivery and the performance of Institutional. From a growth perspective, you've seen the results. That's why it's working so well today. It's the only reason. Obviously, we talked about innovation as well here, but the way we've organized ourselves, the way we've leveraged technology, well has been leading to these great performance that we have in Institution and Specialty today. You look at Europe, it was also technology, but it was much more back-office technology. It was much more ERP, Andy. And when you look today, well, Europe came from 0% margin to 13%, 14% today. So a very solid good business that we have there. 1 Ecolab is connecting all the businesses together in order so for our customers to see 1 Ecolab and for us to help them understand by leveraging all Ecolab can do, what's the value, whats the savings that me as a customer can expect if all my units were at the best performance level of all my locations, how much would that be? It's a different dimension because this one, Andy, is connecting businesses together the previous ones whereby individual businesses that all led to very good returns at the same time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mike Harrison with Seaport Research. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Harrison: Hi, good afternoon. You noted the high-tech business within the Water segment is growing double-digits. Christophe, is there any way to be a little bit more specific? Is that a teens growth rate or more like 20% or 30% or even higher? And can you talk about the penetration rate with data centers? Or any other context around the opportunity that you're seeing around data centers over the next few years for your Water business? Thank you.
Christophe Beck: So it's been in 2023, so that business, which is a few hundred million, as we've talked about, has been growing some in the 30%-ish like that. We're not disclosing too much detail so far. It will come when we have a more steady states organization and platform to serve that new industry, we will share that, obviously, with you, but kind of a few hundred million growing roughly 30% last year, what it's showing you kind of the trajectory that we have in that business. At the same time, it's a very highly profitable business because the customers we serve, which are the high-tech companies, being semiconductors, manufacturers or data centers, hyperscalers operators. Well, those ones are not looking for the most cost-efficient solution. They are trying to find partners that are helping them deliver the highest uptime, the highest power of computing, while reducing the usage of water and energy because that's the true limiting factor and that's where we invest all our resources on innovation in order to help those companies produce more computing power while reducing the impact on the environment. So the cost of it is kind of secondary which means we can invest in high technology. They pay for it. It's good for them. It's good for us. It's good for our shareholders as well. This global high-tech business has been a fantastic business and keeps getting better.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Q  Vincent Andrews: Thank you. One more on the One Ecolab and Christophe, you noted that this program is designed for all of your segments. I'm wondering if you can just touch on within the different segments, are there some where you anticipate having a greater impact on volume or a greater impact on price? And overall, are there some segments that you think it will benefit more than others?
A  Christophe Beck: It's an interesting question, Vincent. There is one that I could share with you. When I think about F&B, as we speak, so we are bringing our food and beverage, cleaning sanitation business together with our water F&B business. And don't get me wrong. It's not that suddenly we'll have at the frontline people doing both water and cleaning and sanitation. They go hand in hand, but they are complementary, like you would be in a hospital, you have several physicians that are serving you as a patient. We believe in expertise. We don't believe in generalist. But that business, which will include our cleaning and sanitation and water together, well, is one of our biggest business, one of our best franchisees as well in the world. And I believe that's going to drive a lot of further value for our customers and for us and our shareholders, obviously here. But you can think as well about institutional. When you are a restaurant chain, so with thousands of restaurants in the country or around the world, knowing what's potential of performance improvement in dollar terms that I can get if all my restaurants were performing at the best performing one. Well, that's huge insight. What's even more important. So with us is that we can deliver that performance because we've delivered it for the best-performing unit as well at the same time. And the fact that we shared then afterwards the upside for the customer what that drives mostly value price, which is not the least price, which is mostly seen in other businesses. I mean, in other companies. For us, value price, and that's why we call it that way. It's our share in the improvement that we are delivering to our customers, which is why it never goes down by the way and we keep going up as we move forward as well at the same time. So, a very good story for all businesses. Food and beverage is an obvious one and institutional another one as well. So ultimately, this is bringing our strategy of circle the customer, circle the globe in ways that are much more hard wired than the way we did it in the past where we can share the knowledge of Ecolab anywhere around the world across all businesses and industries. Well, that's a critical reason why I believe that in the quarters and years to come, we will keep delivering day in and day out and get towards our targeted performance of the 5% to 7% or 20% OI margin and 12% to 15% 0earnings per share growth as our next step of performance. And again, that's not going to be the last step. This is our next level of performance that we're all working hard to deliver as quickly as we can.
Operator: Thank you. Mr. Hedberg, there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back to you for closing comments.
Andy Hedberg: Thank you. That wraps up our second quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated discussion slides will be available for replay on our website. Thanks for your time and participation, hope everyone has a great rest of your day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-30 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ecolab First Quarter 2024 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference is being recorded. At this time it's now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andy Hedberg, Vice President and Investor Relations for Ecolab. Mr. Hedberg, you may now begin your presentation. 
Andy Hedberg: Thank you, and hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's First Quarter Conference Call. With me today are Christophe Beck, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO and Scott Kirkland, our CFO. A discussion of our results, along with our earnings release and the slides referencing the quarter results are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements in these materials, which state that this teleconference and the associated supplemental materials include estimates of future performance. 
 These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described under the Risk Factors section in our most recent Form 10-K and in our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information and release.  
 With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Christophe Beck for his comments. 
Christophe Beck: Thank you so much, Andy, and welcome to everyone on the call. We're really pleased to report that Ecolab is off to a strong start. In 2024 with first quarter organic sales growth of 5% and organic operating income margin expansion of 400 basis points, driving adjusted earnings per share up 52%. We remain firmly on our long-term 12% to 15% earnings growth trajectory with our exceptional growth in the first quarter being the result of strong execution on fundamentals and the additional benefit of lower delivered product costs. 
 This strong performance is a testament to the excellent dedication and execution of the entire Ecolab team, and I'm so proud of this team. We're encouraged by the current pace and momentum of our business. Our efforts resulted in the delivery of 3% pricing, which included new pricing implemented during the quarter and a modest carryover benefit from last year's pricing action and brought us slightly above our 2 percentage point plus long-term run rate.  
 This delivery, along with continued positive volume growth is possible because of our customer value proposition because of the value we provide, the spend with Ecolab is a benefit and not a cost. This good top line growth, combined with the anticipated easing of delivered product costs, continued the strong organic operating income margin expansion across the majority of our business segments and geographical regions.  
 We're very pleased with the margin expansion we have delivered and remain focused on achieving our 20% operating income margin target over the next few years. As we continue to execute against this target, gross margin is expected to continue on its positive trajectory. At the same time, we are now reinvesting some of these gains back into our business to fuel our long-term growth. Importantly, our underlying productivity remains strong, and we see opportunities to further improve by leveraging our leading digital capabilities. 
 Looking across our segments, Institutional Specialty continued to perform exceptionally well. This team delivered double-digit sales growth and a very attractive operating income margin. as our labor savings value proposition continue to resonate with our customers. Going forward, we expect the rate of organic sales growth for institutional specialty to moderate somewhat as we lap last year's strong pricing delivery. Industrial made a good underlying progress, improving its volume trajectory in a volatile global environment. Excluding continued soft near-term paper industry demand, industrials volume grew, a nice improvement from the second half of last year.  
 Health care and life sciences remained relatively flattish but life sciences sales grew modestly, which I consider constructive news given the continued short-term soft industry trends. We, therefore, expect trends to progressively improve during the second half of the year. 
 As promised, we continue to take the action needed to transform our health care business. A year ago, we took the first step in our journey by adjusting our cost structure to a more competitive level. Then in the third quarter of last year, we took our second step by bifurcating our North American health care business into 2 separate businesses, Surgical and Infection Prevention.  
 Today, we made further progress by announcing an agreement to sell our surgical drapes business to Midline. Once and if this transaction closes after regulatory clearance, we will have a renewed focus on the instrument reprocessing portion of the remaining health care business. This business has the core elements of the classic Ecolab business model that combines an anchor platform with consumables, personal service and digital solutions.  
 What is more to be done. I'm proud of the progress we've made to create a more sustainable, profitable health care business that delivers for our important hospital customers. Finally, pest elimination, which is now a standalone segment due to its relevance and promising performance, continued to execute very well. Sales grew upper single digits with double-digit organic operating income growth, benefiting from a circle the customer, circle the growth, cross-selling strategy. 
 Looking ahead, the confidence we have in our 2024 performance continues to strengthen. We expect organic sales growth to remain relatively stable, driving 2% to 3% price and 1% to 2% volume growth. We are increasing our outlook for full year 2024 adjusted EPS to the range of $6.40 to $6.70, up 23% to 29% versus last year as we now anticipate delivered product costs to ease through the third quarter though the magnitude of cost favorability is expected to gradually diminish.  
 This along with continued pricing and volume growth I expect it to more than offset the estimated $15 million per quarter OI headwind from the divestiture of our Surgical Healthcare business once the transaction closes. As a result, we anticipate quarterly adjusted diluted earnings per share growth in the second half of 2024 to progressively normalize towards the upper end of Ecolab's long-term 12% to 15% target a short-term benefit from lower delivered product costs ease.  
 As always, we will remain good stewards of capital by continuing to invest in the business, increasing our dividend and returning cash to shareholders. With great business momentum and cash flows, our balance sheet is in a very strong position. This provides us with many options to allocate capital to growth opportunities that will generate continued strong returns for shareholders. 
 Ecolab's future has never looked brighter. Our leading customer value proposition where our technologies help customers improve their operating performance while reducing the water and energy use is proving to be increasingly relevant and continues to fuel our growth, pricing and margin expansion. 
 Backed by the most talented team leading technology innovation and global capabilities, our strategic positioning enables us to consistently expand our market share within the vast and high-quality $152 billion market we serve. We, therefore, remain confident in delivering superior performance for our customers and for our shareholders for the years to come.  
 Thank you for your continued support and investment in Ecolab. I look forward to your questions. 
Andy Hedberg: Thanks, Christophe. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, would you please begin the question-and-answer period? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Tim Mulrooney with William Blair. 
Timothy Mulrooney: I wanted to ask about your growth investments. It sounds like you're stepping up SG&A a little bit. So I guess my question is twofold. Number one, does this impact how you're thinking about timing to achieve your 20% OI margin? I know a big chunk was gross margin expansion, but I also know to hit that target was a couple of hundred basis points of SG&A leverage. So how are you thinking about that 20% target now? And then secondly, on the investments themselves, can you talk a little bit more detail about what are -- what parts of the business they're going into? 
 I know part of the reason that Ecolab has sustained its competitive advantage has been its willingness to invest in areas where others have cut costs. So I'm not saying it's a bad effect of these investments, the way that 20% OI margin timing, but I was just curious what the strategy is around the step-up here? 
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Tim. Let me start with the second part of your question. We are in a great fortunate place, obviously, here where we have top line momentum, and we have margin expansion. And both are obviously feeding our opportunities to invest behind our teams, our technology and our future, which is exactly the place where we want to be on a continuous basis as well.  
 Now as we accelerate our growth investment, at the same time, we're also keeping a very close eye on our underlying productivity. And I like what I see. It's important to have both that on one hand, underlying productivity keeps getting better on a long-term basis, and we've done a good job at that. And at the same time, that we can invest when time is right, for the growth for the future. And regarding those investments that we're making, it's mostly behind 3 growth drivers, Tim. The first 1 is growth via power. We're a machine that's here to serve more customers to serve them more broadly and more deeply as well, having more people serving those customers and supporting those people serving those customers will feed into our accelerated growth.  
 The second part is digital and AI technology and services that we can sell. We're making very good progress on that front, and I look forward to sharing more with you as we move forward and especially in '25 because we see a lot of very good progress on that front, serving our customers with digital technology, with AI services and data that we can sell.  
 And the third driver, our capabilities to serve as one Ecolab, where we can bring all the businesses together to serve one customer consistently everywhere around the world and that's a unique opportunity for us to get that job done as well as we speak and in the next few quarters. 
 And back to your first question related to the 20% OI target. Well, with faster growth and further margin expansion, it's making me more confident that we will get to this 20% margin in the next few years, as I've shared with you, and we will keep informing you as well on the progress that we're making on that path. But so far, very good progress made. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ashish Sabadra with RBC. 
Ashish Sabadra: Just on the DPC. I was wondering if you could elaborate how much was the DPC lower on a year-on-year basis, but how it's trending compared to pre-pandemic level, expectations for second quarter and rest of the year? 
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Ashish. I'll pass that question to Scott, who will be best positioned to answer. 
Scott Kirkland: Yes. Thanks, Christophe. Thanks, Ashish, for the question. So as you know, we've talked about before, we buy over 10,000 raw materials. So individually, they're moving in different places. But as we expected for Q1 in totality, DPC decreased in the upper single digits, and that was as we expected and as we guided to. And as Christophe said in his opening statement, as you talked about, how we see it throughout the year, expect that DPC to continue to ease through the year, but the magnitude of that favorability will diminish from Q1 to Q3. So going from this high single digits to lower single digits by Q3. And then to your last point about where we are versus prepandemic levels, commodity costs still remain as you've probably seen, very high versus pre-inflationary levels or pre-pandemic levels. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. 
Manav Patnaik: Christophe, I just wanted to -- a bigger picture question on the components of the growth. So it sounds like from what you said, the new kind of 2% to 3% pricing seems like that realization should be on track. And then I think a lot of the volume growth was kind of your own initiatives this quarter. So I just wanted to confirm those 2 and then just get your take on the third piece, which is just the macro? Like what are the volumes in Europe and U.S.A. looking like without your kind of new business pipeline? 
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Manav, good to hear you. A few things here. So maybe starting with the macro. I would say, kind of unchanged. There's a lot of puts and takes, obviously, in all the 40 end markets that we serve. But -- what we've seen in '23 is what we're seeing in '24 overall. So feel good about the general macro, at least with everything we know now. 
 We know it's an unpredictable world out there. But with everything we know, I feel good about where we are and where we're going. Then related to questions on pricing and volume. We feel increasingly good about our long-term pricing muscle, which you know is based always on what we call total value delivered, which are the savings we're generating for our customers, which usually are at least 2x the pricing that customers are giving us as well.
 So it's a very good win-win for both the customer and for us. So when we said 2 plus, now I'm saying for 2 to 3 and 4 for '24, I feel very good about delivering that. And on the volume side, well, as you've seen, so from our Q4 to Q1. So volume has moved up overall as a company. So that's a good indication, obviously, that our shift to offense that we started a year-ish ago, is really working well. 
 Our new business is at record levels. We're investing, as I've shared just before with team as well. So behind our team, behind technology, behind capabilities, in order to sustain and accelerate that. So the volume is 1% to 2%. I feel really good about it as well, not every quarter is created equal. But generally, we should have a very good year in '24. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Roberts with Mizuho. 
John Ezekiel Roberts: A couple of quarters ago, you changed how you operate the health care business, now with the global surgical solutions being sold, are there still additional changes -- structural changes that you're going to make there? 
Christophe Beck: Not much. There were 4 points on my plan, John, and I shared with you, you saw each step that we made when I could, obviously, so do so. The first 1 was to really adjust the cost structure. We did that. The second was to create that bifurcation for infection prevention and surgical, which happened very well in the latter part of last year and now so the pending sale of our Surgical Solutions business to Medline, that step 3. 
 It's been a great transaction. So was a great partner. I feel really good with where we are and hope to close as quickly as we can on this one. And then there is the point 4. And the point 4 is to build our infection prevention business around a typical Ecolab style type of business, which means with a machine, with consumables service, with digital technology. And that's the instrument and endoscope reprocessing business that we have as part of infection prevention today that we want to keep building in the years to come because it's a winning market.  
 It's a market where we have all the rights to win, typical model for Ecolab as well, and we know exactly how to run a business that way. So it's the right focus, it's the right team. We will keep adjusting, obviously, so how we evolve that business. We will be building that business over the years to come. There will be internal innovation. There might be some small acquisition as well as to it, nothing dramatic. I want to build a great health care business in the years to come. It's going to take some time. It's never easy, but we're going to get to the right place as we've always done with our previous new businesses in the company. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Spector with UBS. 
Joshua Spector: I wanted to ask a couple of related things around institutional and specialty. So first, congrats, really strong performance in the quarter. I think we know the optics of pricing coming down. But if we say pricing in the segment was anywhere near the ballpark in the total company, it looks like volumes were up high single digits. And it's a pretty meaningful step-up on year-over-year and multiyear stack. 
 So the question is really, is that momentum that you think can be maintained? Is that the new wins flowing through and you could deliver call it, mid- to high single-digit volumes on institutional through this year? And the second part is more around margins and that typically is a pretty meaningful step-up in that second, first quarter to fourth quarter, call it, 400 to 500 basis points any reason why we shouldn't see that in that framework for this year. 
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Josh, especially for nice comments. So the team has done an unbelievable work in the last quarter, like in the many prior to that as well. So back to your question on institutional and specialty. This business has been now for quite a while on a great path. As I've shared with you, very openly, the pandemic has been game changing for this business, and I mean that in a very positive way. 
 Generally, the industry is doing quite well, people have enjoyed going back to hotels, restaurants and travel. People have been open to pay more. And it's an industry that, at the same time, have been able to reduce their cost because they had a hard time as well to get all the staffing that they were looking for. That meant better margin for them, better traffic for them as well. 
 Overall, an industry that is in a much, much better place than it used to be as well. Well, we've taken that opportunity to also improve our business in a dramatic manner in North America, like everywhere else around the world and I absolutely love what this institutional team has done around the world because we've been able to align with exactly what the customers needed short term when they were reopening, midterm now where they need. So solutions in order to serve the increased traffic that they see. 
 And most importantly, they need to reduce their labor cost. Well, that's exactly what we help them do with all our automation solution, it can be software, it can be training, it can be chemistry, it can be technology, you will see that at the National Restaurant Association Show as well in a month from now, very good stuff happening, which is driving all the growth of that business and the willingness for customers to pay more for those solutions because as always, they get more value than the price that they're paying ultimately so for us.  
 So to your question on the long-term trajectory for institutional. I think that this 5 to 7 that we've talked about for the company should be the swim lane for institutional as well long term. And there will be times where they will be better than that and sometimes, they might be a little bit on the lower end. I think that this year, they're going to have a very good year and institutional. 
 And if it continues that way, while it's going to line up with what I just said in terms of long-term trajectory. For the margin, they're in a very good place right now. They're expanding so quicker than we had expected as well with volume that's a bit lower than where it used to be, pre-pandemic. 
 Well, that's basically demonstrating that the institutional P&L is much better than it used to be. As volume will recover, the margins will keep improving as well. And the P&L of that business will keep getting better. So that's a typical business that's going to be north of 20% pretty quickly. And we'll keep growing from there because it's in a great position to do so. All in all, a great business with a great future. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Chris Parkinson with Wolfe Research. 
Christopher Parkinson: On the global Pest Elimination business, you're offering a little bit more detail, and we've been hearing about the business for a while. But can you just offer a little bit more color on how you're thinking about that business strategically? Is this simply just, "hey, it's a great institutional service-driven pricing as business?" Is this more of a roll-up, should be emphasizing, I think, the old terminology was enterprise selling across your institutional clients? Just if you could offer a little bit more insights on how we should be modeling that and your thought process that would be very helpful? 
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Chris. I've never personally worked in the Pest Elimination business, but I love that business. It's unbelievable the performance that it delivered in the best of times, like in the most difficult times as we've seen as well over the past few years. Steady, high-growth, high OI growth business, great margin and great future. And maybe a few points here. The first one, they've reached the threshold of $1 billion sales in '23. For me, that was the moment to separate that business and to have it report directly to Darrell Brown, our Chief Operating Officer because it's a business where we want to have all the focus, all the attention, all the investment that we can get as well behind it because it's high growth, high margin, high return.  
 So that what we've done internally from a management operating perspective, that led directly, obviously, to how we report as well that business and wanted to make sure that our segment reporting was perfectly aligned with the way we manage as well the company at the same time. And on a side note, it helps you as investors, obviously, to see in full transparency how this business is performing. And how it's operating as well at the same time. And you're going to see that it's maybe not the biggest, best elimination business on the planet, but it's the best performing one, highest growth, highest margin, which is a pretty cool place to be.  
 Now on how we're going to keep driving that business for the future, it's going to be first and foremost, internal. So organic. We have a great team. And especially on the technology side, as you've seen during Investor Day, and we'll see so going forward as well. We're leveraging all the digital capabilities of our company. And keep in mind that we have in Industrial, for instance, 100,000 devices that are connected today. We have over 1,000 people in digital technology that have been working for years as well behind all the capability build that we have today. While we're going to leverage all that in our best elimination business to ultimately really transform that business into a digital business.  
 To the question of M&A, can't make big comments on that, but we will keep doing some small bolt-ons as we've done in the past because we know how to do it. It works really well. So every time we will find good companies that we can add to our Pest Elimination franchise, we will do so. So a great story that keeps getting better and will get better in the years to come. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets. 
John McNulty: So just wanted a little bit more clarity on the Life Sciences business. I know it's struggled a bit, but it does seem like it's finally starting to pick up a little bit of momentum. Can you flesh that out for us in terms of what you're seeing and maybe how that pipeline is filling out as we kind of look to the back half of this year? 
Christophe Beck: Yes, it's a good story, John. We know that building new growth platforms is hard. It takes time, but we've done it many times. Pest elimination that we just discussed was a perfect example that we did sort of years back as well. Life Sciences is one of the newest one that we have. And if you look at just the results in Q1, the fact that Life Sciences is growing in a market that's currently down double digit is showing how performing that business is and how interested our customers are in what we can offer.  
 So I like where we are versus the market, and I know that, that market is going to recover. Is it mid this year, second half of this year, early next year from a market perspective, I don't know. I can't influence that, but I can influence how we serve our customers, how we generate new business, and I like a lot what I'm seeing here. 
 Our innovation is best in the industry as well with a smaller one, the more agile one, the one that can truly answer immediate special needs for the biotech industry. I like a lot that position of the emerging leader that we're shaping here. So we came from a place where we were building now a place where we're seeing some positive signs of growth. We will keep investing in capabilities, in capacities because I firmly believe that this business is going to be a multibillion business down the road at margins that are going to be way north of our target of the 20%. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. 
David Begleiter: Christophe, back on the growth investments, in terms of the timing right now, was there anything you're seeing in the market vis-a-vis competitors, opportunities that enhance your decision? And exactly where are the investments being focused by business and by geography, where is the biggest portion of that going? 
Christophe Beck: Maybe so to your first question. So where, as I've shared with many of you, so we look at our businesses in 4 key categories. The fuel the growth, the protect the growth, transform the growth and fix. Those are the 4 big broad categories where we put our businesses and our markets and invest accordingly to make sure that we do a very smart capital allocation based on projected returns. 
 So they are the obvious candidates here. We talked about life science just before. We talked about pest elimination just before, we talked about institutional just before, and especially in Industrial, there are 2 new areas that are having outsized growth opportunities, and those are data centers and semiconductors. We have a good position in both stores and markets. 
 As you know, those are 2 end markets that needs huge amount of energy/water and we help our customers ultimately to disconnect the growth related from AI from impact on natural resources, water and energy. And that's exactly what we do for the high-tech companies. It's to help them manage data centers that are, well, much more high-powered and much -- many more data centers, but at the same time reducing to 0, the impact on the environment and the same on the semiconductor side.  
 We're also investing in digital technology, which I'm really proud of what the team has done over the past few years, and it keeps accelerating because we have so much data, so much knowledge so much capabilities ultimately to leverage the knowledge that Ecolab has in every industry in order to help every industry to reach the max potential in terms of performance, in terms of business results and in terms of environmental impact. So that's the way we think in terms of growth investments. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Pavel Molchanov with Raymond James. 
Pavel Molchanov: PFAS has been up in the headlines in the U.S. And I guess I would just ask you to comment generally on what the opportunity looks like for you in the U.S. as well as internationally? 
Christophe Beck: Pavel, we've been on that topic for a very long time, but we don't want to be part of the marketing fray or political fray of PFAS, we are by far, the leader in water globally. And we've been in the business of mastering water purity for a very long time, like almost 100 years, as you know. So PFAS purification is one of the many things that we do and can do in water. 
 So we are working very closely with our customers, but mostly B2B, very limited interest to go to municipal government, residential. This is not where we are as a company. We remain on commercial, we remain on B2B. And we're working with our customers to really understand what they need, where they want to go. The very good news is that we have the technology, we have the science, we have the expertise to solve it. 
 We want to do it in a way, which is safe for the company, safe for the customers and that it can make a lot of money as well as for investors going forward. So more to come, I like where we are, and we'll see where we're going on this one. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. 
Laurence Alexander: I have a question around sort of your growth investments and the targeted returns. I think Ecolab usually has a metric for almost everything that we can think about. So do you have a sense for what your historical kind of hit rate is for those types of investments? Or -- and I guess what I'm getting at is, as you move more into sort of the data marketing to customers, is the hit rate getting better or worse compared to your expectations for how kind of your investments in staff and training and marketing are playing out? 
Christophe Beck: Well, the short answer is that the hit rate is getting much better, especially when we think in terms of digital technology, data AI, we are uniquely positioned, serving 1 million customers in the world in 40 different industries in 172 countries, and connecting, as you've heard, thousands of devices and operations around the world.
 Today, as we speak, we have capabilities that no one else has and data that no one else has as well at the same time. So we know that investing in digital technology is an almost 100% hit rate. When you think in terms of margins, well, there is no raw material into our digital technology. So our margins are way higher as well there. So it's kind of a combination of large potential, unique capabilities that we have and certain high-margin investing behind digital and AI for us is a no-brainer. And we've done it for 30 years, and we've accelerated the last 5, 6 years quite remarkably. 
 So this one, it's kind of 100% hit rate. For all the other ones, because like I've said before, we make absolutely sure that our SG&A productivity, underlying productivity improves continuously. And it does, and it's important that it continues to do so. But in some moments, like now, I want to accelerate our investments, as mentioned. So in our frontline buyer power, at the same time, beyond the digital investments as well in our capabilities as well to support our front line, so it's going to drive our ratio of SG&A, so slightly higher for a while. But when I think about the second half and 2025, I think it's going to normalize pretty nicely and underlying productivity is going to remain strong. 
Operator: Next question is from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas: I think the overall volume growth of the company was 2% and I think that what you said was that in the industrial business, if you excluded paper, volumes increased. So I take it that industrial volumes were down year-over-year. Is that right? And in the institutional business, where volumes up, I don't know, 5 or 6. 
Christophe Beck: I guess that's the end of your question, Jeff. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Is the answer to my question. 
Christophe Beck: Very good. I will be too mature. I was not missing something, obviously here. So a lot on volume. You're right. So we're still 2% for the company. That's the way we report it. So that's not a surprise. That's why I'm saying the 1% to 2%. So for the year, I feel really good in getting that, again, that every quarter is created the same. We have some year-on-year comparison, we need to manage with. But the 1% to 2% feel good, and I'm talking '24 year. And individually here, institutional you're right. It's directionally, it's kind of half price, hub volume, doing really well, as I've shared as well, so previously as well in some of the question. 
 And in Industrial, overall volumes were flat-ish for the first quarter all in, and they were positive ex-paper. I don't want to correct too much, Jeff, as well. Within Industrial, when I think about the various businesses, I feel really good with where we are because if I go a little bit more under the hood. Well, you have heavy water, light water are kind of in the low mid single total growth here, not just volume. Downstream is high mid-single, so in a very good place as well. 
 And then we had mining that's a little bit negative because comparing against a crazy quarter in Q1 last year, but underlying doing really well, and then you have paper softness. So generally, industrial is moving in the right direction in a world where manufacturing demand is not exactly accelerating. So I like where we are and even more where we're going out. 
Operator: Next question is from the line of Steve Byrne with Bank of America. 
Steve Byrne: Kind of a follow-up on the pest control business. Do you have an estimate of what fraction of your customers within industrial and institutional are customers within pest control? And what could that fraction get to, is that the primary driver for that business? Or would you say expanding the platform and getting into other products like fumigation and so forth is the growth driver? 
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Steve. The pest business has grown over the last many years almost entirely through what we call Circle the Customer, Circle the Globe, which is penetration of customers that the company has even if pest elimination doesn't have. As pest elimination grew over the last few years, obviously, they got their new customers as well at the same time, which are feeding as well the opportunity for the other non-Pest Elimination businesses. But if I look at the opportunity of pest elimination within our customer base, well it's worth billions out there. So sky is the limit. That's why this business is something that I like so much. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research. 
Kevin McCarthy: Yes. Perhaps a few housekeeping questions on your surgical divestiture. Would you comment on the level of EBITDA attached to that business? I'm not sure what the tax basis might be, but perhaps you could also comment on the expected cash proceeds and the deployment of those proceeds when the deal closes in the back half of the year? 
Christophe Beck: Okay. Thank you. I'm going to pass that question to Scott. But before I get there, so you've heard in my open basically how we look at it. So we're not disclosing too much detailed business information. So underneath what we publish. That's the case, obviously, for a business within health care. So the $15 million headwind per quarter once we close is kind of a good direction, but more to that, Scott. 
Scott Kirkland: Yes, Kevin, I'll talk on the proceeds and gain but very high level. At this point, I don't want to get ahead of ourselves. We need to close the transaction first, which we feel very good in. And the proceeds themselves, we're going to remain committed to our capital allocation priorities, which is focused on investing in the business. And from a tax perspective gain, yes, we do expect to realize a very attractive gain on the sale but we'll disclose that amount once the deal closes and once the accounting is finalized. But -- and that gain will be in special charges just from a housekeeping perspective, and that's not included in the $0.15 estimate we had on the full year special charges. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Patrick Cunningham with Citibank. 
Patrick Cunningham: So Europe has been a drag on growth for several quarters. Can you give us your latest thoughts on the region and maybe how volumes trended in the quarter? And institutional standout as particularly strong there. Is that mostly market outperformance? Or is food traffic starting to improve? 
Christophe Beck: So 2 questions in here. So on Europe, I like a lot what this business has done. It just takes a big picture, 10 years ago, it's a market where we used to make no money. And today, it's a business that's close to the average of the company today. So has done a remarkable work, has grown very nicely last year, is growing as well in the first quarter in a very difficult environment, and margins have kept expanding, very significantly in Europe as well at the same time. 
 So overall, Europe performing very well in a difficult environment. Now to your question on institutional and the food traffic, it's mostly share gains within our customers and customers we don't have. Food traffic is not up versus 2019 right now and especially the traffic in the dining room so people sitting in a restaurant, not just taking a drive-through or ordering digitally as well. While this traffic is even further down obviously. So if I look at where we are in terms of growth, where we are in terms of margin in that business, well, it makes the performance of that business even better in a market that hasn't fully recovered yet because it's all driven by market share. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Andy Wittmann with Baird. 
Andrew J. Wittmann: Christophe earlier in the Q&A, you were talking about how you're investing across 3 growth vectors, kind of more people to help serve our customers, digital and AI. And then you talked about investing to serve more as one Ecolab. So there's been various initiatives to bring the whole solution to customers over time. So I guess I'd like to understand a little bit more about what you're doing here that's different from the past to try to circle that customer even better to use your terminology, I guess? 
Christophe Beck: Yes. Thank you, Andy. It's been a long journey, and it's going to be a continued long journey. At the end of the day, we call it our one Ecolab growth program. It's to provide our customers with a transparent view of all the businesses that are serving them and all the opportunities that they have, if they were to work even more with them. 
 At the end of the day, we want to help them drive the performance of all the units at the performance level of the best-performing unit. We know, which one that is. We know how to get there. We know how to help them get there. We need data transparency. We're making very good progress on that, and we will keep investing on that. 
 And the second part is making sure that our teams also have real-time data at their fingertips on their phone, knowing what's the potential that this specific unit is having versus the best-performing unit of that customer and how to get there. What are the best practices that I can use that I'm not familiar with. They've been probably used in another country, maybe in another business as well. I have all that information on my phone, and I can deliver that value as well so for the customer. And last but not least, needs to make sure that our back office, where we've made huge progress with SAP over the last 10 years. 
 We have 80% plus of our business on SAP so today is perfectly aligned with that proposition behind customers. So there is no revolution here. It's pure evolution. I'm taking the advantage of moving even faster in order to capture even more share in order to grow faster and get higher margin at the same time. 
Operator: Next question is from the line of Mike Harrison with Seaport Research. 
Michael Harrison: I was wondering if we could dig in a little bit more on the mining business. You mentioned that it was weaker year-on-year against a tough comp, but I'm just curious if you can give a little more color on what's going on and kind of how that's expected to trend the rest of the year? And then where are we in the process of shifting that mining business toward higher-value segments of the market? And I know you did an acquisition back in November, how does that acquisition help you further move along in that shift toward higher-value segments and fertilizers? 
Christophe Beck: Mike, 10 years ago, I was not exactly in love with our mining business because it was focused on segments of the past, coal, primary metals, all those things where the world is not exactly going towards to longer term. And we made the conscious decision back then to shift everything towards much less cyclical, much more growth focus and much higher margin as well at the same time. And we've made a total transformation of that business over the last 10 years and what was 80-20 yesterday is closer to 20-80 today, which is why I like where we are and even more where we're going with mining. 
 When you think about mining, well, think about green transformation, think about copper, think about lithium. That's where we spend a lot of time. So it's precious metals as well at the same time and the mining industry has a lot to do with water to say the least because most of the time, there's not enough water and the water they produce is not exactly great for the environment. 
 We can help on both ends, we use and recycle water for ultimately a much better mining operation with a much lower environmental impact. So we've really driven that transformation. That takes time. Changing a portfolio within a business is something that takes years to get to the right place. And we've reached that place and the acquisition we did last year, as you just mentioned, well, it is helping towards that because it's towards the new mining as we call it as well. So at the end of the day, right portfolio, much less cyclical, almost no cyclicality and margin much better. We had that year-on-year comparisons with the first quarter of '23 was up 42% last year. So it's just a year-on-year comparison. The next quarters to come for the most part, is going to be a very good story. So if I didn't like mining so much 10 years ago, I like mining a lot today. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. 
Vincent Andrews: Christophe, if I could go back to the investment spending, I'd love just to get your thought process on how you sort of came up with the amount to spend. And I guess I'm just asking, did you set a bar or hurdle somewhere. Are you trying to achieve a certain outcome either in terms of your near-term earnings or your medium-term volume growth? And I guess, why wasn't the number higher or lower? What things did you say no to versus what things that you absolutely have to do? 
Christophe Beck: Yes, Vincent, the guiding principle is to invest in wise that help us raise the probability of delivering our targets of the 5 to 7 the 20% OI margin, as you know, and 12% to 15% EPS growth as well at the same time for the long run. This is my job. This is our promise. This is what we're working all together towards to. So that's the way we're looking at those investments. It's not meant in a short-term way at all. .
 It's all about delivering our long-term commitment. So there's not a threshold, well there's a threshold of making intelligent moves, and trying to avoid dumb moves at least willingly. That's probably the only one we have there, and in some places, when we think about global high tech, in data centers, in semiconductors saying, "Well, let's go there as fast and as deep as we can. We have a leadership position. It's a huge market that keeps getting bigger as well out there." I'm not putting a threshold here. It's get it done as fast and as well as you can. But at the end of the day, it's making sure that we get the 5 to 7, the 12 to 15 EPS and a 20% OI margin, as we've talked about in the next few years. This is my guidepost and my promise to you. 
Operator: Mr. Hedberg, there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments. 
Andy Hedberg: Thank you. That wraps up our first quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated discussion slides will be available for replay on our website. Thank you for your time and participation, and hope everyone has a great rest of your day. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-13 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ecolab Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Release Conference Call. This time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. The question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference is being recorded. At this time, it is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andy Hedberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Hedberg. You may now begin.
Andy Hedberg: Thank you, and hello everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's fourth quarter conference call. With me today are Christophe Beck, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO; and Scott Kirkland, our CFO. A discussion of our results, along with our earnings release and the slides referencing the quarter results are available on Ecolabs website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements in these materials, which state that this teleconference and the associated supplemental materials estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and the actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described under the Risk Factors section in our most recent Form 10-K and our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Christophe Beck for his comments.
Christophe Beck: Thank you so much, Andy, and welcome to everyone on the call. The very strong performance in the fourth quarter capped off a phenomenal year for our company. With the fourth quarter, organic sales growth of 6% and adjusted earnings per share up 22%. I'm so proud of this team, because this strong performance underscores the collective hard work and dedication of our entire Ecolab team, and reflects our sustained focus over the last few years on driving long-term growth the right way. Despite the unpredictability of macroeconomic conditions, our team drove further value-based pricing while maintaining our strong business momentum. Volumes in the fourth quarter continued to improve with the positive growth, reflecting new business wins that more than offset soft macro demand. Our success is anchored in the value we create for customers by improving their operating performance while also reducing the water and energy consumption. In 2024, our focus remains on continuing to fuel our strong and consistent long-term double-digit earnings per share growth. The highlights for the fourth quarter was the continued and rapid expansion of our gross margin, which increased by 330 basis points and our organic operating income margin, which increased 200 basis points to 16%. This growth was led by a 390 basis point increase in the Institutional & Specialty segment margin, as we continue to quickly narrow the gap to this segment's historical 21% operating income margin. The Institutional & Specialty team continues to execute well, driving further value pricing and volume growth that accelerated to the mid single-digit range, reflecting the strong new business wins. The Industrial segment operating income margin increased 220 basis points with notable expansion in each of our Water, Food & Beverage and Paper businesses. And other segment's operating income margin was up 160 basis points driven by strong Pest Elimination performance once again. As expected the Healthcare and Life Sciences segment operating income margin eased versus last year. Healthcare's profitability continued to improve, which is good, reflecting the benefits of separating our North America operations into two focused businesses as mentioned infection prevention and surgical. Healthcare's income growth was more than offset by comparison to the very strong performance of Life Sciences last year in continued market pressures. Most importantly, operating income dollars for this segment have grown, sequentially throughout 2023 from the actions we have taken to improve performance, and we expect this growth to continue over the course of 2024. From a sales perspective, our Life Sciences business drove slightly positive growth in 2023, despite the market being down double-digits. And while we continue to expect this market to remain soft for the next few quarters, our ongoing investments in new capabilities and new capacity enabling us to gain market share in this very attractive long-term high-growth and high-margin market. Our overall performance highlights the strength of the Ecolab model, as we continue to execute on pricing and driving new business all backed by delivering leading customer value. Additionally, we've seen some benefits from moderately lower delivered product costs. This costs are still up 35% compared to 2019 levels, but declined by mid-single digits relative to last year's fourth quarter a bit more than we had anticipated. We continue to take a prudent stance on the trajectory of delivered product costs. Therefore, our outlook for 2024 assumes that, these costs will remain favorable in the first half of the year, and stable in the second half of the year. Although, we are very pleased with the margin expansion, we have delivered so far. Our focus remains on fully recapturing our historical 44% gross margin to reach our 20% OI margin target. Our value-based pricing model and delivered product costs that are now coming down, a further strengthened our conviction in achieving this target over the next few years. Our underlying productivity also remains strong, as we continue to leverage our leading digital capabilities. As expected SG&A expenses, remained relatively stable compared to the third quarter. And consistent with previous years, we anticipate a few percentage point sequential increase in SG&A dollars in Q1, but expect to drive further improvements in our SG&A ratio as the year progresses. We expect 2024 to be another strong year for Ecolab, building on our long-term 12% to 15% earnings growth trajectory that is amplified by shorter-term benefits from lower delivered product costs. For the year, we expect adjusted earnings per share to grow in the 17% to 25% range, which assumes soft, but stable microeconomic demand and lower delivered product costs in the first half of the year, as global inflation eases. With this, we expect to maintain our business momentum as we drive further pricing, volume growth, and continued robust operating income margin expansion. Looking at the first quarter, the benefit from lower delivered product costs is expected to peak with costs down high single digits in the quarter, resulting in adjusted earnings per share increasing 44% to 56% versus last year. Beyond the first quarter, quarterly adjusted diluted earnings per share growth is expected to progressively normalize towards the upper end of Ecolab's long-term 12% to 15% target, as favorability from lower delivered product costs eases. As always, we will also remain good stewards of capital by continuing to invest in the business, increasing our dividend, and returning cash to shareholders. Most importantly, with the best team science and capabilities in the industry, we will continue to grow our share of the stable and high-quality $152 billion market we serve. I believe Ecolab's long-term parameters are stronger than ever and I'm confident in our outlook for continued strong performance, as we work to deliver superior shareholder returns. So thank you for your continued support and investment in Ecolab. I look forward to your questions.
Andy Hedberg: Thanks, Christophe. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, would you please begin the question-and-answer period?
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question is from Tim Mulrooney with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Tim Mulrooney: Hey, Christophe. Good afternoon.
Christophe Beck: Good afternoon, Tim.
Tim Mulrooney: If I'm recalling correctly, you guys talked about Europe, as kind of being a drag on growth in 2023. Can you talk about how volumes trended in Europe in the fourth quarter? And what volumes for the business overall, look like if you were to exclude Europe? Thank you.
Christophe Beck: Love that question, Tim. Thank you. Well, two parts of your question obviously here. So let me give you a little bit a picture of the broader company and then specifically to Europe, which had a lot of good stuff to offer as well at the same time. So as the world is slowing or has been slowing over the past few quarters, especially outside the US, especially in Europe, as you mentioned as well. Well, I'm really glad that we shifted to offense as we shared with you a few quarters back because it's really working. As you've seen so in the fourth quarter our volume growth went up one percentage point in Q4. And to your question, if you exclude Europe, our volume growth would be 3% up so quite a bit. So now our job is absolutely to maintain that choosing speed in 2024. As we rebuild margins obviously, the right way, which means in Ecolab speak in a way that benefits customers by reducing the total operating cost. But to your point on Europe, specifically. Yes, it's been a drag on growth in overall company plus 1% excluding Euro plus 3%. Europe has had an exceptional year in 2023. We reached almost 14% operating income margin, which was our objective when we started the whole transformation in Europe. So good evolution in a very difficult market, where we prioritized really making sure we get the right margins, the right businesses, the right customers investing in the right places. So slight volume decline, very good pricing and really focused on the right businesses with the right productivity. So good year in Europe, difficult from a volume perspective but good for the overall company in Q4 and especially so the 3% ex Europe is a very good news for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Ashish Sabadra: Thanks for taking my question. Just as we think about fiscal year 2024, how should we think about the volume growth as well as pricing normalizing in 2024? And congrats on the solid quarter. Thanks.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Ashish. Good question as well. So in that environment as described before, so with Tim, I really expect that to stay on our long-term average Ecolab growth trajectory. With what I would say is a 2% plus pricing as I've shared with you as well and positive volume growth as we've had in the fourth quarter as well. But bottom line our long-term growth target remain unchanged. Even in difficult environments it's going to be a little bit lower than that range for 2024 where we prioritize obviously getting the right value pricing, while keeping driving growth as we did in Q4 and that will help us deliver a very good year in 2024.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Seth Weber with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Seth Weber: Hi guys, good morning. Maybe just if I could just clarify Christophe that last comment. Are you is pricing 2% in 2024? Is that what you said? And then my bigger question is I was trying to disaggregate the five points of pricing that you got in the fourth quarter how much of that is new versus carryover, which I guess is ultimately kind of the same question, but I just want to make sure I understood your answer to the prior question about pricing for 2024?
Christophe Beck: Yes, a few elements to unpack here. So, the 5% in Q4 was all new pricing realized in 2023, there was no carryover anymore from the previous years. In the fourth quarter, which was a remarkable accomplishment. So, the 5% in an environment with delivered product costs. So, tends to ease, Obviously, the fact that we can still get incremental pricing from our customers because we deliver even more value to them in terms of total operating cost reduction, for me it's a very good sign. And as I've shared with you I don't know exactly where pricing is going to end up on a longer term basis. We used to be one plus pre-inflationary cycle if I may say. And what I've shared with you is to say I'm fairly confident that we will be north of 2% as I called it so the two-plus for the future. We'll see where we end up. I feel good about the two-plus. That's going to be true for 2024, while we keep volume growing as well at the same time. So, let's see where we will end up.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Josh Spector with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Josh Spector: Yes, hi. Good afternoon. So, I wanted to ask about the cadence of earnings through the year. So, first congrats on a strong guide for the first quarter. But I guess if you look at the typical run rate, you're up about 30% -- $0.30 in the second order, another $0.30 in the second half. I guess if we run that math through, we're closer to something in $7 in EPS for this year versus your guide in the low $6s. So, just curious if you can kind of run through. Are there things through the year that add to costs or things we should be aware of that would deter you from that path? Or any comments you have around that? Thanks.
Scott Kirkland: Hey, Josh this is Scott. I'll cover this one. Thanks for the question. Yes, as Christophe said in his opening, we're expecting this a bigger benefit of DPC in the first half and bigger in the first quarter. But if you look at sort of separating out DPC, would expect throughout the year that underlying EPS delivery to be at the high end of our long-term targeted range. So, it's really this expected benefit in the first quarter, a little bit in the second quarter as well, but really looking at DPC in the second half being pretty stable.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
John McNulty: Yes, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. So, on the delivered product costs, I guess, are you expecting to see either raw materials or some other part of those costs pushing noticeably higher as we go through the year? Or is there some kind of a I don't know speed bump, or I guess reverse speed bump some best fit that you're seeing in 1Q? Because I guess I don't understand why you would necessarily be seeing delivered product costs pushing higher throughout the year?
Christophe Beck: So we haven't said higher. What we said is that we reached a peak mid of last year so 2023 and it kept easing. So, in the third quarter, in the fourth quarter, and will be the case as well in the first quarter of 2024. What we're saying is that it's going to keep easing in the second quarter until the second half where we expect it now to be rather stable versus last year. We know and you know how hard it is to predict, obviously, sort of delivered product cost or inflation, as we've seen this morning as well so was the inflationary print. It was hard to predict when it went up, obviously, how much and how quickly, it's hard to predict how much and how fast it's going to go down. So for now with what we see, with what we know keeping in mind that we buy 10,000 products in our portfolio. So it's very diverse, which is a good thing in a way as well. Some will go up, some will go down. But generally, so it's easing for the first half stable in the second half, and we will see what truly happens. But it's important to keep in mind what Scott just said before, we keep our eyes laser-focused on really driving this 12% to 15% earnings per share growth with everything we can control and really to get as close to the 15% as we can and DPC comes on top of it, which means the bump in the first half and in the second half so to be closer to the upper end of that range. How do we do that? Well, it's the old fashioned way that we've been practicing for a long time now with new business, with value pricing with productivity, and with innovation. That's the way we think about it, and that we hope you will see that way too.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Zekauskas : Thanks very much. It's a two-part question. Have volumes in the institutional business accelerated? And if so why? Or is it just that the comparisons are easier year-over-year in the fourth quarter than they were in the third? And secondly in terms of pricing, how will your price initiatives work? Are you already raising prices in the first quarter here at the beginning of the year? Or will they come later? Will they sort of make their way smoothly quarter-by-quarter through the year? Or will things bump up, I don't know in May or June? That's the base case.
Christophe Beck: So hi, Jeff, good to hear you. So, two questions, obviously, here for the price of one. So the volume in Institutional is clearly up. It's not a year-on-year comparison question, especially when the market is down, as well at the same time so really showing that this business Institutional is in a great shape, with great momentum driving volume, driving share, getting price, driving margin really like where Institutional is heading. So the short answer is, yes, volume in Institutional keep accelerating. The second part of your question on pricing, there are the exceptional times like in the past few years and there are the more normal times. I would say like now, which basically the discussions with customers for the most part, they're not all created equal obviously are happening in the fourth and the first quarter of the year, so fourth quarter and as we speak now. So it's usually something that's evolving progressively during the year with no big bumps. It's something, which is pretty organic keeping in mind that the pricing is always based on the value we create for customers, which is why we were able to deliver $3 billion in the last few years and kept it and keep building it. It's because ultimately for customers it's a good deal. The net-net in the ,operations while it's positive including our pricing as well at the same time. So from a timing perspective Jeff happening in Q4, Q1 and it's being delivered in the quarters during the year.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you. Christophe, it looks like a lot of things are aligning well here starting the year and you've touched a lot of them. I just wanted to touch base on how you thought about your portfolio. There have been a few pieces like Healthcare and even Paper that have been dragged to top line growth. And just curious on how you think about your portfolio composition today and if anything might be in the works there?
Christophe Beck: Yeah, hi, Manav. So it's a little bit like with our kids, they're not always doing great at the same time that's a bit the same with our businesses. It doesn't mean that we love them less. But if we look at all our businesses and markets out there over 90% of them had double-digit operating income growth, so a pretty remarkable bias towards good performance for all our businesses. And so I like the overall portfolio that we have. We're also approaching investments and resources as a company. That's been true for many years in four different buckets. The one that we want to fuel those are the ones with the highest growth potential, the ones with the highest margin potential as well, you have the one that we want to protect. Those are the ones that are doing well, no big change. You have the ones that we need to transform. And those are the ones that, obviously, have potential but are not exactly there yet. And then you have the ones that you need to fix. Healthcare being one of the perfect example of that. Paper would either be on the transform side, because it's north of 16% margin that we have in that business not great volume growth right now but very good margin and we'll end up in a good place as well as we keep transforming that business. So that's the way we think about it. We're not investing so everyone the same way. It's really by category along the four that I just mentioned as well. So overall I like the portfolio we have, but we always, kind of, critical for every business, every market to make sure that we have the best owner's mindset and making sure that we do what's right for shareholders.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Christophe, again just on the delivered product costs, could you unpack the dynamics as to the high single digit increase in Q1? Is that primarily a function of the caustic price decrease last year we saw for I think every month of the year? And then going forward, is your flattening out a function of just caustic being up as the year progresses? Thank you.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, David. I'm looking at Scott and he'd love to answer that question. Scott, happy to.
Scott Kirkland: Yeah, happy to David. Thank you. Yeah, as Christophe referenced earlier, our DPC is still up and again just to clarify 35% versus our pre-inflationary period. And as you referenced we -- it peaked in the middle of last year, right? And then we started to see some modest benefit in Q3 some additional single-digit benefit in Q4 and are expecting then that benefit really to peak in Q1 up high single digits. So as we said, and then some modest benefit likely in Q2, as then we see costs stabilizing for the second half. And with the 10,000 raw materials very difficult to sort of isolate individual buckets. Obviously, you have some raw materials like caustic, where we've seen some easing, but you've also seen other products raw materials like propylene or resins, where we've seen those costs going up as well. And so with the big basket of materials hard to isolate any one of those.
Christophe Beck: But what's important to keep in mind here is really where we focus our attention. It's really driving the business in order to get on the upper end of this 12% to 15% earnings growth. And what's happening on the DPC front, we see that all incremental benefit which is exactly what we've shared for Q1 in pretty detailed terms as well. We'll get some more in Q2. And we expect flat from DPC tailwind perspective in the second half. But let's see what truly happens. Your best guess will be my guess too.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Pavel Molchanov with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Pavel Molchanov: Thanks for taking the question. In this uncertain macro environment, including the inflationary pressures you alluded to earlier. Can you talk about what you're seeing on the M&A front, as far as valuations and any particular geographies that perhaps look more enticing than others?
Christophe Beck: Good question, but a difficult one to answer for me, obviously, Pavel as you know. But the way, I always answer that question is, basically what you've seen in the past from Ecolab is what you're going to see in the future. We have an extremely strong balance sheet, now our leverage levels are closer to our longer-term average of these two times, as well. So we're in a very good position to go after opportunities that we believe are strategically relevant for us. And obviously, that we can buy at the right price, as we've done very successfully so in the past. So yes, the market becomes even more interesting right now which is good. We have a rich pipeline as we've always had and we will keep focusing on our three key priorities, but as I've always shared first is water, second is Life Science, third, is digital and AI technology mostly focused on North America and in Europe.
Operator: Next question is coming from the line of John Roberts with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
John Roberts: Thank you, and congrats on making the Just 100 list again. In Healthcare, some companies have been talking about de-stocking continuing. Are you seeing de-stocking in Healthcare? And are you seeing equal benefits between your surgical and infection prevention business now that you've got the separation?
Christophe Beck: Hey, John, thank you for your comment on the Just list. We're never going after awards obviously, but we're always honored and humbled when we get those awards, that's basically describing that the way we run our business the right way as much as we can obviously. So the question on Healthcare. I've committed quite a while ago so to fix that business with the team. I like the progress that we're making. We went through a few phases, as I shared very openly with you and we'll keep doing so in the future. So we worked on the cost structure early on then we worked on the bifurcation of the two surgical and infection prevention businesses by leveraging as well the critical mass of institutional, we early on that journey because that happened obviously in the fall of last year. Healthcare is growing overall, which is something I like because that's early signs of success. Our margins are increasing quite significantly from a low level as we know but that's the second good sign as well of progress and the teams working really well with the institutional team. So I think that we found the right model for now. Again, the work is not finished. We've committed to get to double-digit type of margin in that business. And we will get there a few more phases. I expect it as well to happen and I will keep you posted on our plans and our progress as transparently as I can.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Laurence Alexander: Good afternoon. Could you give a bit more granularity on the trends you're seeing in Asia, particularly the strong volumes in China? Can you break out where you're seeing that? And are you seeing sequential acceleration? Or is it just a comp issue?
Christophe Beck: We're in a fairly good place actually in Asia, especially China. For us we separate our Asia Pacific, and where we have a few markets in China, which is one of the mega markets. As you maybe remember, North America, Western Europe and Greater China to be our three mega markets, where we focus 80% of our retention, where 80% of the opportunity lies as well. And I like quite a bit how we're working in China, not an easy environment as we all know, but growth has been good in China, especially in Institutional. We have a great team, a great business and we have very good margins as well in China. That was not the case 10 years ago but that's clearly the case today. So we have a very good business, a great team, very well positioned with what customers in China wants, when we think food safety, infection prevention and water that's exactly what they're looking for as well. So pleased with the evolution of China, and that's true with the rest of Asia Pacific as well but every country is a bit in a different place but in aggregate a pretty good story.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Hi. Thank you very much. Christophe, you made tremendous strides in the margin over the last little bit and the pricing has been very successful and it looks like volumes have turned positive. So there's a lot of positivity there. I was wondering if you could bridge us from where you are today to where -- you mentioned getting to that 20% margins. And can you walk us through that bridge, how much would be pricing? How much would you think about in volumes? Is there a certain cadence that we should be thinking about over the next several years? Just give us your thoughts on how investors should be thinking about it how you're thinking about it?
Christophe Beck: I'll give it to Scott first and then I'll make a few comments.
Scott Kirkland: Yes, thanks Shlomo. Great question. Yes, as we've talked about -- and we talked about at Investor Day, really very focused on getting to that 20% OI margin and I think we have a very clear path over the next few years. And it's largely by getting back to those 2019, sort of, pre-pandemic gross margins right, which are still down relative to 2019. If you look at overall OI margin, so we finished the year at 14%, so about six points from that 20% OI margin. And by recovering those 2019 gross margins, which is really split pretty evenly between the value-based pricing, what we do for our customers, driving that value-based pricing, and then the other half of that being volume and mix sort of combined there, okay? As we showed during 2023, our OI margins were up 140 basis points. And we're expecting about another 200 basis points in 2024. So, we think that's great evidence for what we can do and that path to get to that 20% OI margin. And then additionally in there aside from the gross margin, we'll expect to continue to deliver some SG&A leverage at least equal to what we've done historically.
Christophe Beck: So, bottom-line, Shlomo, with all the elements that Scott just mentioned, I feel even better with what I said and shared with you at the Investor Day in 2023 of saying we will get to this 20% OI margin so within the next few years and it's not going to take us five years to get there. So, our confidence level has just risen with the delivery of the last three quarters.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Steve Byrne with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Hoffman: Hi, Rob Hoffman on for Steve Byrne. And my question was if you guys could share any update on the water for climate and science certified initiatives?
Christophe Beck: Yes, those are two platform innovations as we call them Ecolab Science Certified. So, it's keeping -- progressing very nicely with a few big customers as well jumping on that journey, McDonald's being the latest big one obviously out there. So, we like how Ecolab Science Certified is not only providing benefits to our customers by protecting their guests by providing a safe and clean and welcoming environment, but also safe foods at the right cost with the total operating cost manage as well as we can. So, Ecolab Science Certified is an overall promise by our customers, which encompasses all our services as well. So, it's a penetration play which is good for us, driving good results for our customers. Ecolab Water for Climate is a bit the same in a very different set up, obviously, because it's helping our customers get to their ambition of the net zero. Some customers are much further down the road and some are very early on that journey. So, to give you some highlights without going too much in detail since we don't share our customers' details publicly. We have a dozen of flagship customers, as we call them, who have committed to getting to net zero. One has been very public that's Microsoft, and progressing very well on that journey as well. It's really helping them get to net zero, but in a way that makes financial sense for them and for us by driving a lot of innovation and services in their own operations, in order to deliver their objective. So, two growth platforms, driving penetration, improving impact from our customers, which helps us ultimately drive growth and value pricing.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes. Thank you and good afternoon. Christophe, back at your Investor Day in September last fall, I think it was. You talked a little bit about cross-selling initiatives. And I was wondering if you could provide an update on those efforts. In other words, if I look at the volume improvement from the first half of 2023 to the back half basically going negative to positive. Do you think that those cross-selling efforts have borne fruit? Or is that on the come in 2024?
Christophe Beck: There's no doubt that it's proving right. It's been true for a very long time by the way. I'd like just to indicate what we've built with pest elimination, for instance, which is 90% circle the globe type of business, which is ultimately all our businesses from Institutional, Healthcare and Industrial bringing our team from pest elimination in order to offer the world-class service to all those different segments, while we've managed to build $1 billion business with great margins, and highest returns by doing so. So that's something that we have proven for a very long time in our company. It's also keeping in mind that half of the $152 billion market we have out there well is an opportunity of penetration. Ultimately, customers we already have that should be or could be buying everything from what Ecolab does. And the two main drivers for it is what I just shared before with Ecolab Science Certified and Ecolab Water for Climate that ultimately drives bigger gains for our customers by driving the overall end-to-end proposition that we have in the company. And last point, I'll make is that, we have further focused as well our execution work towards out top 35 customers in the company to make absolutely sure that we were not only providing them with all the resources of the company, but that we could capture as well as much of the opportunity that those customers can offer to us, which is a number that counts in the billions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Patrick Cunningham with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Patrick Cunningham : Hi. Good afternoon. I have kind of a specific follow-up on the last question. So you've had the solid share gains in institutional with volumes up maybe mid single digits where end markets are stable to slightly down, how much of this was a share of wallet versus new customers? And are there any sort of representatives products or technologies, which have driven a lot of the share gain this year? And then how should we think about new business wins for institutional and specialty into 2024?
Christophe Beck: So a few different questions here, Patrick, so all related to the same topic obviously. So, new business generation is our number one focus in the company where sales organization says that heart our mantra in the company for the 47,000 people is we're all in sales just to describe how we think about it as well. So it's really a teamwork. And new business generation, our pipelines are at record levels right now really like how much we have gained. Obviously we now we need to install all that in the next few months, next few quarters. That's always true and it's different by businesses. It goes faster in Institutional, which is why you see as well a very good growth in Institutional. They have a great new business generation. They can install pretty quickly as well, good for the customers, good for us and leading to great results because margins are so good, obviously, in that business. So to your question on how much is cross-selling versus totally new. The best way to think about it in our company is generally two-third is cross-selling, which is really selling to customers that other businesses already have and one-third is brand new and that's an average number. It's not obviously always the same across businesses and geographies, but that's a good way to think about it and to keep in mind that we are primarily focused on cross-selling, which is the best way and easiest way to sell and the cheapest way driving the highest margins.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Harrison with Seaport Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Harrison: Hi. Good afternoon. I wanted to ask another question around the Institutional business, but I wanted to dig in more on the specialty side of that business. You just had within specialty probably the best year of growth in a decade or more. Can you talk about what is driving the improvement on both the QSR and the food retail side? And then you also -- it also looks like you acquired this Chemlink business back in May. Can you talk about what Chemlink is bringing into the portfolio within that specialty business?
Christophe Beck: Okay. So a few questions in there. So Mike you're right, the specialty, which is QSR as a quick serve restaurants and food retail had a great year in 2023. It's been true for pretty long time by the way. So great businesses based in the same place in North Carolina as you probably know as well the -- the key reasons why those businesses are going so well. On one hand, especially QSR is an industry that's doing well at all times especially in more difficult times because people have a tendency to trade down. And when they move from full service restaurants to quick serve, obviously, we can capture them in a good way at high margin as well at the same time. That's a little bit the beauty of our portfolio since we serve all the various segments. So serving an industry that is very successful. It's the first element. The second one is it's an industry that by definition is very standardized as we know across the country or across the world. When you think about our promise, well, it's probably the industry where it resonates the most, because what we're helping our customers achieve is to understand what's the best-performing unit in their enterprise and to help them get all the units from the enterprise at the level of performance of the best-performing one in terms of cost, in terms of quality of delivery, and in terms of environmental impact as well. So the combination of a very strong business that's been built over decades, with an industry that is especially successful right now 2023 was a great year for that industry, and a value proposition that resonates exactly with them, because their objective is to reach the best-in-class performance across the universe as well. Well, those are three key reasons why this business is doing well. And I believe in the future of that business as well going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much. Sort a little bit regarding the cost savings program. It's now been a full year in place and very sizable. Scott touched a bit earlier on some of the key focus areas geographies and segments and that was very helpful. But just curious is this on track as far as timing-wise? Is it something that maybe you've had the opportunity where you haven't had to be as aggressive because you've had a really nice growth 2023? Just curious, how close to on plan timing-wise and size-wise this is? And any incremental thoughts you'd like to share? Thanks.
Christophe Beck: Yeah. Thank you, Scott. So let me have the other Scott answer part of that question and I'll make a few comments.
Scott Kirkland: Yeah, thank Scott. No, we are exactly where we expected to be. If we think about the combined program, which is really what we have left. We had some older restructuring programs which are complete the institutional advancement 2020, or complete through the end of the year. The combined program, we delivered through the end of 2023, 75% of those expected savings cumulatively through the end of the year, and expect to realize the lion's share of that through 2024. And as you know, when we initially launched this at the end of 2022. It was initially focused on Europe and early in 2023. We expanded it to Institutional and Healthcare. And if you think about the performance of those businesses Christophe talked about Europe, talked about the great margins there the great growth, and you've seen the great OI in Institutional specialty up over 40% in the quarter and as well as the Healthcare continuing to get better. And so we're on track with those and those program -- that program is having a significant impact.
Christophe Beck: Well said, Scott. In general, we want to get transformation done the old-fashioned organic way. It's only in exceptional opportunities that we go the restructuring way. When it helps us move quicker, which means making the business more competitive to gain share and improve our margins in order to return more to shareholders. And to Scott's point you look at what we've done in Europe has been an unbelievable journey. The fact that that business has been doing so well in 2023, reaching the highest level of margin, as well in some of the toughest of times, as well is speaking very well on how we're doing that. Think about Institutional, we had to adjust to a new reality business is in the best place it's ever been. And then Healthcare, early on that journey much smaller business obviously, but we will get to the right place as well over time. And the restructuring investment, helped us in all three cases to move much faster and to get returns quicker as well into the P&L. So when I look back, I like what's been done and especially been done as well. So, in budget, and in time, as we had promised as well. So overall, good stuff for the company our customers and our shareholders.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you. Wondering if there's been some change in your procurement strategy, whether it's been changing in some of your large suppliers or changing the terms or duration of the contracts that you have? I'm just really trying to bridge. 4Q came in a bit better than expected but 1H is obviously, a lot better than what we were talking about three months ago. So I'm just trying to understand if something has meaningfully changed in what you're doing or if it is just conservatism? Or what drives us from there to here particularly because  it sounds like a lot of folks think the back half raw guide is conservative. I would probably echo that. So just trying to understand what might change over the next quarter or two that could allow that second half to come in better than what you're guiding to right now?
Christophe Beck: Well a few points in your question here. So when I think about our procurement team, we have an unbelievable team around the world. We have a new Chief Procurement Officer, who joined us a year ago from a world-class organization that been very respected in the procurement world. And yes, he has brought new capabilities, new tools, new approaches, new ways as well of managing relationships with suppliers. So yes, quite a bit of a transformation. And I think we're really reaching world-class levels that new leadership and that new team that we have on procurement. So I really like what I see on the procurement side. So if there's one team that can leverage as much as we can in terms of capturing the benefits of the easing of DPC inflation. Well that's the right team. So when we talk about what you've heard from Scott a little bit early on, our cost DPC costs are still 35% up versus what they used to be pre inflation. Well, I see it as a huge opportunity obviously for our company and for our shareholders because most of it will recoup at some point. The timing is not in our hands. Our team is trying to get it as quickly as we can. So we will get it. And at the same time I want to make absolutely sure that we get our value pricing done the right way. As you know, our margins are not at the high watermark, the 44% where it used to be we will get back to these 44% because yes, DPC is going to get back close to where it used to be. When? I don't know. It might take a few years to get there. But on the price side with our customers, we want to do it exactly the right way. That's a net benefit for our customers as well. They get more pricing. But when you think about the value we create for them when it far outweighs the pricing that they're paying for us, which is one of the key reasons why our margins are improving so nicely and why are we keeping our customers and building even new relationship as we move forward. So overall, a good story for our customers, our company and our shareholders.
Operator: Thank you. At this time we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I'll now hand the floor back to Mr. Hedberg for closing remarks.
Andy Hedberg: Thank you. That wraps up our fourth quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated discussion slides will be available for replay on our website. Thank you for your time and participation and hope everyone has a great rest of your day.
Operator: This will conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-31 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to Ecolabs Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andy Hedberg, Vice President, Investor Relations for Ecolab. Thank you, Mr. Hedberg. You may begin.
Andy Hedberg: Thank you, and hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolabs third quarter conference call. With me today are Christophe Beck, Ecolabs Chairman and CEO; and Scott Kirkland, our CFO. A discussion of our results, along with our earnings release and the slides referencing the quarter results are available on Ecolabs website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements in these materials which state that this teleconference and the associated supplemental materials estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and the actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described under the Risk Factors section in our most recent Form 10-K and our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. With that, Id like to turn the call over to Christophe Beck for his comments.
Christophe Beck: Thank you so much, Andy, and welcome to everyone on the call. Building on our momentum with strong and reliable growth. Thats the headline for Ecolab third quarter. Thanks to exceptional execution by our team, Ecolab delivered a very strong quarter as our momentum continued with 7% organic sales growth, which was actually exactly as expected and 18% growth in adjusted earnings per share, reaching the high end of our expected range. Against unpredictable macro conditions, we drove continued strong pricing, new business, accelerated volume trends and continued robust margin expansion. Our focus remains on offense, which we are best at, continuing to fuel strong and consistent double-digit earnings per share growth. We maintained strong organic sales growth with pricing increasing by 7%. This increase reflects both, the value-based pricing we put in place last year and the new pricing weve implemented this year, reflecting the enhanced value we offer to our customers. Our volume trends continue to strengthen as well, which is great news, with new business helping to accelerate volumes despite softening in global end market demand. Organic operating income margin continued its impressive expansion, up 160 basis points compared to last year, reaching 15.5%. This notable progress reinforces our path towards achieving our long-term margin goal of 20%. In the third quarter, our adjusted gross margin expanded 360 basis points to 41.3%. This strong expansion is a result of our value-based pricing strategy, improved volume trends and a slight decline in delivered product costs. While global energy prices remain dynamic, were confident in our value-based pricing strategy and is absolutely necessary, our capability to implement energy surcharges. We continue to take a prudent stance on the trajectory of delivered product costs as costs remain up nearly 40% compared to pre-inflation levels. Assuming the current high energy price environment persists and our costs ease only slightly in 2024, we continue to expect very strong gross margin expansion in the quarters ahead. This will help us make progress in achieving our historical 44% gross margin and our 20% OI margin target over the next few years. Underlying productivity also remains strong as we continue to leverage our leading digital capabilities. As expected, SG&A expense was relatively stable versus second quarter levels. The year-over-year comparison reflects the rebuild of incentive-based compensation, a result of our strong sales and earnings growth and the strategic investments in our growth engines. We also expect SG&A dollars in Q4 to remain very consistent with second and third quarter levels. Our performance further strengthened across our businesses. The highlight was Institutional & Specialty. We grew organic sales double digits and organic operating income, 28%. Organic OI margin was up 260 basis points to 19.3%, approaching its historical 20% level. Our Industrial segment also performed well, especially comparing to an extremely strong Q3 last year, led by attractive growth in Food & Beverage and in Water as our unique ability to bring end-to-end water and hygiene technologies to customers continues to drive strong share gains in this segment. Operating income growth is the best in the third quarter, reflecting the incentive-based compensation rebuild as mentioned in the last call. And importantly, we expect this segments operating income to return to double-digit growth in Q4. Our Healthcare bifurcation strategy is progressing well. Strong pricing and new business had to improve underlying sales growth and operating income. The business also benefited from larger than normal surgical sales, which is not expected to recur. While we are pleased with our progress, delivering sustainable and profitable growth remains a focus for me and for our team. Life Sciences growth also improved to mid-single digits despite continued short-term pressure for everyone in this market as our team continued to win share. While we expect the market to remain under pressure for the next few quarters, our ongoing investments in additional new product capacity and keen capabilities will allow us to capitalize on attractive long-term high-growth, high-margin opportunities. In summary, in the third quarter, we delivered as expected with strong sales and solid earnings growth. Now looking ahead, we expect our strong performance to continue in the fourth quarter with adjusted earnings per share increasing 17% to 24% versus last year, which is above the mid-teens growth we had guided to during our second quarter call and will bring the full year EPS north of 2019s EPS. This performance is expected to be driven by new pricing, volume growth and robust gross margin expansion expected to be up 250 to 300 basis points versus last year. As we shared with you at our Investor Day in September, we see continued strong momentum in 24. Even as global uncertainty remains with softening macro demand, we continue to expect mid-teens or better growth in adjusted earnings per share in 2024. As always, well remain good stewards of capital by continuing to invest in the business, increasing our dividend, reducing leverage and returning cash to shareholders. Most importantly, with the best team, science and capabilities in the industry, we will continue to grow our share of the stable and high-quality $152 billion market we serve. I believe that Ecolabs long-term fundamentals are stronger than ever, and I am confident in our outlook for continued strong performance as we work to deliver superior shareholder returns. So, thank you for your continued support and your investment in Ecolab. I look forward to your questions.
Andy Hedberg: Thanks, Christophe. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, would you please begin the question-and-answer period?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Tim Mulrooney with William Blair.
Tim Mulrooney: So, I see you eclipse 19% OI margin in institutional in the third quarter, which was great to see. If you go back to pre-pandemic times, youre doing about 21% OI margin every year on an annual basis. I think theres some debate amongst the investor community about whether or not Ecolab will ever get back to that 21% OI margin days or if the business has structurally changed. Id love to get your perspective on that, Christophe, how long that might take, particularly given the good momentum that weve seen this quarter?
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Tim. I have no doubt in my mind that we will get there. We have a great team running a great business and a great trajectory. And as mentioned many times, Tim, the P&L of I&S will end up in a better place post the cycle versus previous years like 2019. Just for perspective, o in Q4, as mentioned during Investor Day as well, our OI dollar will already be back to the 2019 level. So I really expect to cross that 20%, 21% line in the next few years while we drive new business innovation, price, the advantage of the new organization as well with the focus on sales and service and leverage as well digital technology, as weve done over the past few years. So, of all the opportunities we have in front of us, all the challenges that we might be facing, I think Institutional is going to be probably one of the best promises that we have ahead of us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber with Wells Fargo.
Seth Weber: You mentioned a few times in the slides in the release and your comments just about new business wins. Im just -- can you talk to the selling environment, your sort of traction with new wins and how we should think about new ads going forward? Thank you.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Seth. Well, selling new business is what were best at and what we like the most doing. So we shift to offense over the past few quarters is delivering results because our team is really focused on driving new business with our customers, in more difficult environment, and its always been the case at Ecolab, well, our customers are looking for ways to improve their operating performance, which is what weve always done for them and that they need the most, right now. So theyre very receptive to what we can do as well for them. At the same time, were bringing as well all the offerings from the company, especially Water and Hygiene in Industrial segments, but also in Institutional which are very well received by our customers, and we have innovation as well, which has made a step change over the last few years, which are addressing customer challenges or opportunities that they have. So all in, the team focused on what they truly like with the right tools, right innovation, right new products, and customers that are open to what we can do for them, speak, improving their operating performance. Ultimately, thats all driving better performance in terms of new business, which is really good.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Spector with UBS.
Josh Spector: Hey Christophe, and a question along the similar lines and particularly just related with just volume expectations. I mean you were pretty confident a couple of months ago that youre going to deliver positive volumes in 3Q. I guess it rounds down to zero or maybe flattish is the best way to describe how that came in. Youre talking about positive volume in the fourth quarter. I guess, I dont know, did 3Q change versus your expectations of where it would come in? And the backlog combined with -- or the new wins combined with base earnings, I guess, how do you envision volume moving into early next year? Thanks.
Christophe Beck: Volume is the most important driver, obviously, for us. And Q3 happened pretty much as expected. We can talk about rounding, obviously here, but we were in positive territory, which is good. And if we exclude Europe, which is the most difficult place in terms of volume, we are at plus 1% already. And I feel confident that in Q4, we will have a 1% volume growth overall also for the company. So when I look at the trajectory that were having on volume, especially with all the pricing that weve done over the past few years and in a market thats not exactly booming right now, I feel really good with what were doing, where were heading. And to your point, for 24, while its the best way we can close the year with good volume momentum in order to start 24 in whatever environment were going to find with a company thats having good sales momentum, which is our number one priority as a company right now.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mike Harrison with Seaport Research Partners.
Mike Harrison: Congratulations on a nice quarter here. Just in terms of the Healthcare and Life Sciences business, Im curious, if we saw any of the benefits from some of the changes that youre making on the Healthcare side of that business already in Q3, or are those actions still to come? And then, just curious on the onetime 6% sales benefit, did that also help margins come in higher or was that kind of an average incremental margin contribution?
Christophe Beck: Thank you for your nice comment, Mike. Its three comments on your question. So focused on Healthcare, not Life Science, I know that they all combined, obviously, but two very different stories, as we know. So, first, if we saw some results of the organizational changes in Q3, the short answer is yes, but its early. Ive been really impressed with how the team has executed this bifurcation, truly leveraging the market strength, the breadth, the critical mass of Institutional, both in terms of selling to new customers or existing institutional customers, the healthcare portfolio and at the same time, getting the costs down. The team has moved very fast, very well, and Im really pleased with where we are right now. But that being said, its very early in the process. So, its going to leverage as well or lead to better results in the quarters to come. Its still a lot of work that remains, but I like the progression. Its going to be always better, so as we move forward. Now the last point on the onetime sale was related to a contractual commitment that we had to deliver by the end of the third quarter. If you strip that out, Healthcare had kind of low single type of growth, which is better than in the past, but probably what were going to see in the next immediate quarters until we can truly accelerate by leveraging the power of the Institution. But overall, I like the progress that were making in Healthcare, but let me be very clear. So, Ive not been happy with the performance of Healthcare for many years. Im really happy with what the team is doing now in terms of transformation, early results, more is to come and more work is also required to get to the place that we all want to be with that business.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Thank you and very nice quarter, Christophe and team. Just on the delivered product costs, they came in below your expectations -- or better than your expectations. What drove that? And what are your expectations for Q4?
Christophe Beck: So, DPC or delivered product cost was roughly 3% down versus last year. A little bit better than what we had expected. Its always a very broad mixed bag, as you know. So we have 10,000 raw materials that we buy. So they didnt all go in the same direction, obviously. So some easing on the market. At the same time, our supply chain team speak, procurement team did also some remarkable work as well with our partner suppliers. So both together led to this 3% easing versus last year. Keeping in mind that our costs are still 40% higher than where they used to be pre-inflation. Thats important to keep in mind. I expect kind of the same type of costs for Q4, so kind of a similar easing versus the prior year. And I expect basically those costs to stay similar in the quarters to come, which will mean the slight easing versus 23 when we talk about 24. Im not banking on big improvements in the quarters to come. And if they come, well, we will all benefit from them.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: Ecolab buys its raw materials sometimes monthly, sometimes quarterly, sometimes annually. So, raw materials have moved down through the course of the year, but it may be that the timing of your contractual agreements has slowed the benefits for Ecolab. Can you talk about how you purchase your raw materials in terms of the way raw materials are repriced? That is, should we expect different incremental changes on a six-month basis or a three-month basis or an annual basis?
Christophe Beck: Well, I have two ways to answer your questions, in a complicated way or in a simple way, Jeff. So, Ill go for the simple way. Youre right that depending on the raw materials, its monthly, some quarterly, some annually with different types of contractual agreements. I think, we have a very good team. We have a new leadership as well who is doing an exceptional work, by the way, so on procurement. The short way to explain it is, usually, we have a two- or three-quarter lag between the market-to-market price changes up or down, by the way, that impact two or three quarters down the road our P&L. Thats the rule of thumb that Im using and that you should be using as well.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets.
John McNulty: So the Industrial business, I guess I was a little surprised to not see a little bit better margin lift just given that you have gotten some good pricing there and the raw materials does look like are starting to come off. So I guess, one, can you help us to think about what the volumes were there? And then, do you feel like were at a bottom in terms of the volumes for that business, and maybe we start to see things level off a bit? Or is there more to kind of think about in terms of concerns going forward? How would you frame that?
Christophe Beck: Thank you, John. Well, Industrial is in a very good place, actually. But Id like to ask Scott maybe to give some perspective on margins evolution.
Scott Kirkland: Yes, happy to, Christophe. So yes, as youre referring to the Industrial wide growth was at 8% but the growth rates are really impacted by a couple of things. Certainly, theres a base comparison to last year. If you look at this on a two-year basis, that business is improving. And then also, as we spoke to on the SG&A, theyre impacted by the incentive comp given the strong performance theyve had in the year. But overall, in that business, as Christophe sort of referenced, that the strong pricing that we delivered this year, we continue to add new pricing. And now as we start to see that DPC easing modestly, and there was certainly the biggest impact by that. But on a dollar basis, that OI really remains very strong and I think will continue to improve off these levels. But really, as Christophe mentioned, the opening, expect that the growth to return to double-digit OI growth in the fourth quarter, and youll see the marginal impact on that as well.
Christophe Beck: Yes. As mentioned early on, John, I like a lot the performance of Industrial for the past few years, and thats going to be even more true in the years to come. If you strip out that incentive-based compensation, so the OI growth would be in the upper teens, which is what youre going to see in the fourth quarter as well. So, it was kind of a one-quarter story underlying our performance very strong.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: Just two-parter, Christophe. So in the pricing, firstly, I think in terms of what you already have in place, if you rolled through, I think you get mid-single-digit pricing next year. But just curious on how you feel like you could keep pushing the pricing dynamic? And then, just a quick follow-up was the new sales pipeline that youre really confident on, like how big is that the perspective? Like how much of a volume headwind can that offset?
Christophe Beck: Great question, Manav. Sorry, theyre related, obviously. But the first one, pricing dynamics. If we think about our pricing, so going up, retention has remained very stable, customer retention and at the same time, saw volume accelerating. So its basically showing that our balance of pricing and volume acceleration is going quite well. And Im keeping a very close eye on that because were keeping customers for life in our company and I want to make absolutely sure we do that the right way for our customers and for our company. So bottom line, I like the pricing that weve had so far, when I look at whats going to happen in the next few quarters. So in Q4, the carryover from last year by definition is going to get close to zero, obviously, since its going to be annualizing over the 12 months. New pricing is quite good actually. So, Im especially pleased with the new pricing we have, which we will have, obviously, in Q4. And in 2024, its a bit early to go too much in detail, but were going to be pleased with the pricing that we have while we keep accelerating as well the volumes. So really keeping both in a very good place. Now to your question on the net new business, as you know, were not reporting the dollar value of the growth, but we are really reaching record levels on a quarterly and annual basis as well of new business. Our team is 80% focused on new business. Its where were good at, what we like doing, as mentioned before. And those good results ultimately are compensating for the softening of the demand globally out there from all our customers. So, if our volume is accelerating, its all related to our new business.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Hey Christophe, I want to get back to a question that was asked earlier in terms of the volume. It sounds like after three quarters of negative volumes, youre starting to get into the positive territory. Could you just go into some of the kind of standout categories over there? What volumes are increasing and which volumes are decreasing? I know you mentioned a little bit about geography, but maybe you could talk a little bit just by like business unit, whats going on in various areas of Industrial? Obviously, Paper is down. But what are the standout areas where you might have accelerating volumes versus the ones which are shrinking? And how we should think of that going into next year with some of the softening end markets?
Christophe Beck: Yes. So to give you a simple answer, so the ones that are on the soft side, Paper, you mentioned it and Europe is the second one. So those are the two. Everything else is trending in either positive direction or improved direction, if they were on the negative side. Im especially pleased with the I&S, Institutional & Specialty improvements and Water is going to keep improving as well. So those two key businesses are going to be good in the quarters to come, at least with what were seeing as well right now. So, we have passed elimination as well, which is always a bit of a different volume play, as we know. Thats doing exceptionally well. We know that competition has a lot to do with themselves. By the way, its providing us an opening for us to gain share as well. And our team is doing an excellent job in pest elimination, where we see growth, really steady, strong and margins as well at the same time keeping improving. So overall, our business in a very healthy place with a few places where we need to work on, as mentioned, Europe and Paper. But to the point of Europe, Id like to mention as well that margin improvement has been great. So volume challenged in Europe, as we know, but okay, not great. And when I think about our operating income it almost doubled in Europe in the third quarter. So the team has done some really good work.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Andy Wittmann with Robert W. Baird.
Andy Wittmann: I guess maybe, Scott, probably for you, when I was just looking at the adjustments to the results, I noticed that there was $26 million of restructuring and the total exclusions were $0.13 for the quarter. You talked about last quarter expectation of 5. And actually, the guidance for fourth quarter is pretax around $30 million by my calculations or $0.09. I guess, could you just talk about what the restructuring actions were in the quarter and the quarter ahead? Maybe which segments, geographies? And are these -- is it another restructuring program that youve taken in the past forming here, or can you just maybe talk about some of the operational effects of what youve achieved and are trying to achieve?
Scott Kirkland: Yes, certainly, Andy, happy to do that. Thanks for the question. Yes. So if we look at Q3, the special charges, restructuring was higher than we had guided to. But thats really due to the timing of the phasing of our combined savings program that we had announced earlier this year, thats really focused your question on where are we focused on it. This is really targeted around Institutional & Healthcare and as well as Europe, it started in the end of last year and then we added on to it earlier this year. And thats what really drove it but really around the timing. But still expected, as I think Ive talked about in previous calls that about of that program, about 90% of those costs are going to be done by the end of next year, okay? And so there will be a little bit of a tail going to 2024. But really then if you look at that, as Christophe talked before, were seeing the benefits in Healthcare from the program there, but were also seeing great improvement in the Institutional businesses and thats where it was really focused. And then, as we talked about at the end of last year, the actions taken against Europe and Christophe mentioned that were seeing really great margin improvement in Europe as well. So, I think the actions that we are taking are having the benefits we expected.
Christophe Beck: Let me add a few comments. So you totally support what Scott just said. Obviously, Im really happy that most of the combined programs are coming to a close by the end of this year, which was the plan, so delivered as expected as well. At the same time, we know that digital technology, artificial intelligence will open some new productivity opportunities for us in the future. Theres nothing clear in our plans right now, but we will keep looking at that. And if there is an opportunity to improve significantly our productivity through technology in the quarters and years to come, we will certainly capture them and discuss that with you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steve Byrne with Bank of America.
Steve Byrne: Christophe, Id like to hear your view or maybe ranking among your four key product areas: Water, Hygiene, Energy and Pest with respect to potential share gains. And would you expect your SG&A to increase over time commensurate with revenue growth, or do you see a pathway to perhaps reduce that 47,000 headcount in a way that either utilize your digital approach or whatever to be more efficient and help you reach that 20% operating margin goal?
Christophe Beck: Yes. Maybe two questions in your question here, Steve. So first, in terms of share gain, were not a consumer goods company. So, its a bit harder to have the exact numbers, obviously here. But directionally, when I look at the big ones, so I&S up 12% in a flat market, so thats obviously indicating very interesting share gains. Pest Elimination, up double digit when competition is either in the single digit or down for some of them as well. Thats showing as well, so share gain. Industrial, even comparing to a very strong last year in the mid-single, well, PMI in the U.S. and in the EU is negative. So thats also showing share gain as well. And as mentioned, in Healthcare growing back again is also showing quite a healthy performance. So overall, I like a lot of how were progressing versus our peers in the marketplace. Now to your question on SG&A, as Ive shared with you in the past, I think that ultimately, the Company is going to be much bigger in the years to come. I dont think that our team is going to be much bigger. But Im not expecting the team to be reduced but it might be in different places. And I want to make sure that the number one place where I want to have all the firepower I can is in the front line, which means our team serving our customers, where we will leverage digital and AI technology, not only to improve productivity to help them serve more customers, sell more solutions but more importantly, spend way more time in creating value for our customers, which drives obviously value for our customers, which drives new business, which drives pricing and ultimately improves our margin. So the way I think about SG&A in ratio, its going to keep going down the years to come. But ultimately, Ill make sure as well that through digital technology, we increase the impact of our front line with our customers, which has been core to this company for the years past too.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Patrick Cunningham with Citi.
Patrick Cunningham: On the Life Sciences business, how should we think about new business growth and investment into next year given some of the persistent near-term weakness sort of juxtapose with the long-term growth opportunity and margin expansion that you highlighted in your Investor Day?
Christophe Beck: Yes. So, Patrick, on Life Science, weve seen improvement, which is good in the third quarter, in a market thats generally down. And I see that as a short-term impact in the industry, its an industry, pharma, biotech, that is very promising for the future, a few challenging times for a few quarters. We see how many more quarters thats going to last for the industry out there, but Im very bullish with where the industry as a whole is going in the years to come. Now, when it comes to our own performance, well, the fact that we have positive growth is also a sign of the new business that were generating, the share that were gaining as well versus our competition. And its in that time that Ecolab usually focuses the most in investing for the future. And as Ive shared during Investor Day, well, were investing in capacity making sure that we will have enough production capacity, for the years to come to deliver our growth and not just in one location, but in several locations in Asia, in Europe and in North America. And at the same time, its also building capabilities. Its building our team. Its building expertise. Its building science and R&D as well at the same time. And if the market is a bit different short term than what we had expected a year or two ago, our investment plan hasnt changed because for me the future totally unchanged. Its just a short-term impact that the market is having on everyones performance.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin McCarthy: Christophe, Id welcome your updated thoughts on the Healthcare business. I guess, in terms of operations, would you expect that business to grow on par with your corporate average next year or better or worse? And then, on the strategic side, I think youve now separated infection prevention from Surgical. And maybe you can kind of talk through what youre seeing in terms of incremental benefits from that in the early days as it relates to customer touches and productivity and the like?
Christophe Beck: Yes. Thank you, Kevin. So, three things. First is bifurcation, infection prevention and surgical as mentioned earlier is progressing very well. Its really providing the right focus for the surgical business thats serving different people in a hospital than infection prevention, which is much closer to Institutional. This is helping, obviously, the surgical business. And the fact that infection prevention is now managed by the institutional team, well, we get not only the reach because they serve way more hospitals or institutional products, obviously, than healthcare, you get immediate synergies from a growth perspective, you get the synergies on the cost as well because its a way bigger team than what Healthcare as well used to be. So in terms of transition, I like the progress thats being made. Now, in terms of growth performance, if I think short term, speak 24, I think Healthcare is going to be below average of the Company and more longer term -- well, my objective is to make sure that our Healthcare business becomes at least at the average of the Company, if not better, but thats going to take some time and some work in order to get there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Just a question from me on inventories. Just looking at it, its down, I dont know, mid-high-teens year-over-year, but your volume is kind of flattish and price is up on your delivered products. So, Im just trying to understand if raws are still sort of flattish, whats helping the inventory come down and improve the working capital performance?
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Vincent. Im going to pass this one to Scott.
Scott Kirkland: Thanks, Vincent. Id be happy to answer this. So yes, as you probably saw, our Q3 working capital was about $250 million favorable versus last year and largely driven by some targeted inventory reductions. Were down -- DOH is down about 10 days, so the rate impact on that versus the end of last year. And thats really been driven by, as the supply chain team has driven great supply chain resilience and allowed us to go after and reduce those inventory levels. And so I would expect really like the working capital trajectory and expect really strong free cash flow growth through the balance of the year and frankly, expect our free cash flow conversion to be above historical levels, which tends to be mid-90s and expect that free cash flow conversion to be above 100% this year on a full year basis.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli of Gabelli Funds.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Congratulations to everyone on that great quarter. Institution did really quite well. And I was in -- well, I was in several hotels recently. And the level of cleaning, changing sheets, changing towels and so on has come down substantially. I know you are adjusting your operations to reflect this different world. But I was wondering if you could give us a little more details on what you are doing because if they dont change anything, you obviously dont sell your products, services and so on? Details would be appreciated. Thanks.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Rosemarie. This is a core element of focus between us and our hospitality customers. It was initially driven by shortage, obviously, of labor that they didnt have to do all that work, which is still a challenge for that industry. At the same time, well, they like the fact that less labor meant as well less cost while pricing went up, that drove good margins for institutional customers, which ultimately is a good thing for the industry, and when the industry is doing well, its a good thing for us as well at the same time. That being said, quality standards need to get back to where they used to be. Its exactly playing into what were doing which is having products that are delivering better quality, better standards, better cleanliness with less labor. So its 2-in-1 -- 3-in-1, its automated dish machine, laundry, floor cleaning, whatever those solutions might be as well so for the industry. So weve reoriented really over the last two years, all our innovation towards increasing even more the automation level for our customers in order to drive better cleanliness while using less labor and keeping the margins that they used to have. So at the end of the day, if Institutional industry hadnt changed for a long time like 100 years, I think that the past few years, its an industry that has made a step change in terms of leveraging technology more than ever. Well, this is exactly what were doing. For me, its going to help bring our partnership between us and our customers to a whole new level, helping them perform better and for us leveraging all the innovations that we have to offer. So, at the end of the day, a good news, and cleanliness is going to improve as well in the hotels that youre going to visit.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger: Christophe, could you give us an update? Its been, I think, nearly five years since data centers and animal health became big areas of focus of the company. Could you speak to growth rates at both and how meaningful theyve become within their subsegments of Industrial? Thanks.
Christophe Beck: Well, the two are very different, obviously. So data centers is growing at incredible rates. Were not giving the detail here, but its strong, and it keeps accelerating. So its north of 30%, which is quite remarkable. You see that with the high tech companies, obviously, saw the usage of cloud is going up exponentially. They need way more computing power in places where there is limited water as well at the same time. And theres almost no one out there who can serve them in a way thats increasing capacity, reducing water consumption and at the same time, making sure that the uptime remains close to 100%. So quite a challenge from a technology and expertise perspective. This is playing exactly to our strength as a company. Thats why having focused on that business, having a dedicated team on it is paying off more than ever. And I think that we are at the beginning of that growth journey, which is really good. Animal health, a total different story. Obviously, since the promise there is as the food industry is moving away, at least in places where its still being used antibiotics, well, you need to have much higher level of hygiene in the farms that are growing, obviously, these animals. Weve been building that over the last few years. Its not an exponential growth like data centers has been, is and even more will be in the future. But thats a business thats in a good place, but that you cant compare with the data center business. But its a very good complement for our Food & Beverage business which is doing really well overall. So I like those focus and investments that were making in those industries, but theyre very different from each other.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Josh Spector with UBS.
Josh Spector: I guess two quick ones, probably both for Scott, is, when I look at SG&A, flat into fourth quarter, if I think about normal seasonality and what that means for next year, extrapolating that gets me to like $4.4 billion to $4.5 billion or another 10% increase. I guess, is that the right way to think about it, or would you expect it to move differently than that? And just second, you have about $1 billion plus in debt due in the next couple of quarters, pretty low coupon. Are you looking to pay that off, or would you roll that?
Scott Kirkland: Yes. Josh, Ill handle the two follow-ups. The first one on the debt and where we sit today, have strong liquidity, as you saw on the free cash flows for the third quarter and the expectation for the full year and we ended third quarter with around about $1 billion of cash. And so where we sit today, my expectation would be we pay down both maturities due in December and January combined is a little over $1 billion. So expectation there. Again, long-term focus on capital allocation remains the same. But obviously, in the short term, were very committed to deleveraging. And on a good path to do that where at the end of the third quarter leverage ratio was at about 2.5% and feel very good by end of next year to get back down to our historical sort of 2 times range. Getting back to your SG&A question. As we talked about, and Christophe talked about in the open that the Q3 dollar was what we expected -- expect similar levels in Q4, as you talked about, but year-over-year, really largely driven by this incentive compensation. And then, as well, if you look at Q3 had a tougher comp -- low incentive compensation last year, but that underlying productivity remains really strong. Just for perspective on that, SG&A, as Christophe talked about, we will continue to grow this business, but were needing less people. And actually, in the third quarter, our headcount year-over-year was down on SG&A 2% and so our sales per head was up about 7%. So showing that good productivity. And I would expect -- its early to sort of talk about 2024, but well expect to continue to drive great productivity next year, leveraging the technology that we continue to deploy and really increasing the time that our sales teams spend on creating customer value.
Christophe Beck: Maybe two points to build on what you just said, Scott. On SG&A, its 100% on our control. Weve demonstrated for years that we drive productivity the right way. Its not by squeezing cost, its by automating our operations and focusing our teams on creating value with our customers. So I completely expect that in the years to come, through technology, through digital, through AI, we will keep on that journey and feel really confident about that. And the point on cash flow and debt speak balance sheet, for me, in those times, having a very strong balance sheet, not only has been true for us for many, many years, its especially true today. So getting our working capital as tight as it can be, getting our cash flow as strong as it can be, through volume, new business, pricing and all that business obviously generated is absolutely essential. So, on the two sides, keep looking for good progression, both on SG&A productivity and the strengthening of the balance sheet.
Operator: Thank you. Mr. Hedberg, there are no further questions at this time. Id like to turn the floor back over to you for closing remarks.
Andy Hedberg: Thank you. Thats wraps up our third quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated discussion slides will be available for replay on our website. Thank you for your time for participation. I hope everyone has a great rest of your day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude todays teleconference, and you may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-01 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Ecolab Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andy Hedberg, Director of Investor Relations. Andy, you may now begin.
Andy Hedberg: Thank you, and hello, everyone. And welcome to Ecolabs second quarter conference call. With me today are Christophe Beck, Ecolabs Chairman and CEO and Scott Kirkland, our CFO. A discussion of our results, along with our earnings release and the slides referencing the quarter results are available on Ecolabs website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements in these materials, which state that this teleconference and the associated supplemental materials include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the Risk Factors section in our most recent Form 10-K and in our poster materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. With that, Id like to turn the call over to Christophe Beck for his comments.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Andy, and welcome to everyone. In Q2, our team delivered another very good quarter, building on continued strong momentum and once again making further improvements compared to the last quarter. Strong execution as well as easing inflationary pressure helped us get to the upper end of our expected Q2 earnings growth range. In an environment that remains unpredictable, our shift to offense continues to gain traction and our confidence in delivering midterm performance thats ahead of historical average trends clearly keeps getting stronger. Organic sales growth remained strong at 9%, driven by the steady recovery of Institutional & Specialty with 13% organic growth. Pest Elimination and Industrial follow, delivering 11% and 9% organic growth, respectively. Despite softening global end market demand, overall volume trends remain steady. In other good news, volume excluding Europe improved from flat in Q1 to 1% growth in Q2. So, volume trends are improving further, too. Adjusted earnings per share grew 13%, led by strong organic operating income growth that accelerated from 19% in the first quarter to 21% in the second. Although year-on-year comparisons are getting harder, pricing remained strong at 10% as further new pricing continued to grow. Delivered product costs were 5% higher than last year, but is sequentially a bit more than expected, which is further good news. We kept working on strengthening our performance, including targeted actions in Institutional, Life Sciences and Healthcare. Institutional had another remarkable quarter as it continued its very strong recovery, focused on new business and penetration, drove share gains in units served, solutions sold and sales delivered. Growth, value pricing and productivity drove strong margin improvements, which we expect to continue in the second half. Additionally, innovation in labor automation positions Institutional as the ultimate leader in the market undergoing a foundational transformation, driven by evolving consumer habits and increased use of digital technology, all good news for us. Our highly attractive Life Sciences businesses was not immune to the short-term market pressure, which led to flattish sales. However, this is much better than competition. And Life Sciences growth potential remains extremely strong. Even if the short-term market transition takes a few quarters to get back to strong growth, were staying on offense. Were taking this as an opportunity to gain share with major customers and to further invest in capacity and capabilities in biopharma and undisrupted pure water, even if it results in short-term operating income decline. As promised, were also continuing our rapid transformation in Healthcare. In the first quarter, we announced a restructuring program to rightsize our cost structure. This is progressing well. Now, over the next few months, we will also be creating two separate, yet focused businesses from our North American Healthcare business, Surgical and Infection Prevention. Surgical, which provides protective drapes for surgeons, patients and equipment in operating rooms, will become a stand-alone business. Infection Prevention on the other hand, which provides environmental hygiene to reduce hospital-acquired infections, will leverage the critical mass of our North American Institutional field sales and service organization to expand customer reach and significantly improve productivity. This is just a further step on our journey to transform Healthcare into a profitable business that serves hospital exceptionally well. While we continue to focus on margin improvement, which improved 130 basis points in Q2, we also accelerated our shift to offense. Our 1,100 corporate account managers achieved a record new business pipeline by leveraging enterprise opportunities to drive penetration and by focusing on new business prospects to expand our reach. Our more than 25,000 field sales associates sharpened their focus on exceptional service and deploying new business, which resulted in promising share gains. Our 1,200 scientists remain focused on breakthrough innovations, which enabled customers to achieve better outcomes at a lower total cost through reduced use of natural resources. Were also ramping up our investments in digital technology. With Ecolab 3D, one of the largest IoT cloud in the industry and our 1,000 digital experts, were uniquely positioned to further empower our field and customers to deliver best-in-class performance to unleash unique customer value, improved field productivity and deliver an exceptional customer experience. Youll have the opportunity to experience some of this firsthand at our Investor Day in September. In summary, we delivered the second quarter exactly the way we wanted, with strong top- and bottom-line momentum despite the challenging environment. Looking ahead, we anticipate delivered product costs to remain high, but to ease progressively and for global demand to soften further. Although none of this is new, the good news is that we are well positioned to win in this environment as our momentum keeps picking up. In the second half of the year, we expect volume growth to continue improving and gross margins to expand 150 to 200 basis points versus last year. During the last few years, our expertise grew as we maintained our team and rolled out new innovative solutions. Our retention rates remain high as we protected customers from supply shortages. Our margins continue to recover, and our organic operating income accelerated as we drove pricing in thoughtful ways, while increasing customer value. With this, we expect adjusted earnings growth in the third quarter to improve further and to reach 12% to 19% with continued strong momentum as we exit the year. Finally, well remain good stewards of capital by continuing to invest in the business, increasing our dividend, reducing our leverage and returning cash to shareholders, as weve always done. Most importantly, with the best team, science and capabilities in the industry, we will continue to grow our share of the high-quality $152 billion market we serve. In other words, our future has never looked brighter. I look forward to your questions.
Andy Hedberg: Thanks, Christophe. That concludes our formal remarks. As a final note, before we begin Q&A, as Christophe mentioned, well be hosting our 2023 Investor Day at our Nalco Water headquarters in Naperville, Illinois on Thursday, September 14. If youre interested in attending or have any questions, please contact my office. Operator, would you please begin the question-and-answer period?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of Tim Mulrooney with William Blair.
Tim Mulrooney: Just one question for me today. You touched on this a little bit in your prepared remarks on the institutional margins, but I just wanted to dig in a little bit more. Because I noticed that your institutional margins, they were essentially flat year-over-year in the first quarter. It jumped up significantly in the second quarter, kind of showing progress to rebuilding back to those pre-pandemic margins. Can you just talk about what drove that inflection in the second quarter, why it happened now? And if you think that type of expansion is sustainable in the back half of this year? Thank you.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Tim. Great question, because Institutional is our largest single business, as you know, in the Company, and they had a remarkable quarter in Q2, which followed a very good quarter in Q1 as well. So, Ive been very impressed with how the team delivered once again. So, you mentioned its up 13% sales growth, 40% operating income growth. So, the team executed perfectly well. And whats important is that our new model, which we announced a few years back now with focused sales and service organizations, one really focused on driving gains and the other one, servicing customers extremely well, while this new organization is working really, really well. That was the right move that we made a few years back. So, were gaining share with new business. This business has a new business pipeline, which has reached record highs over the past few months, and theyve done an excellent job at executing this new business. Pricing has been very good as well, which has been driven by the total value delivered that theyre delivering for customers that need it. So, more than ever, if I look at the unit share as well in the market with the number of units that went down, were quite stable versus 2019, which is remarkable. Penetration is up as well, with programs like Ecolab Science Certified thats driving the usage of much more solutions than in the past as well in that business. And one other point, I mentioned it so many times. So since 2019, the foot traffic in full-service restaurants, dine-in traffic is down a third. Our sales in that same segment in the U.S. is up 12%, so a massive share of gain that weve delivered here. So, we expect this momentum to continue in the quarters to come. And I even think that the OI dollars that we had in Q4 2019, well could be pretty close -- closely delivered in Q4 this year as well, which means that we would be, in dollar terms, very close to where we were in 2019. And well, its only upside from here. So, institutions did really well. Its driven by fundamentals of new business, of pricing, of productivity, of customer service, and I like a lot where we are and even more where were going.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital Markets.
Ashish Sabadra: So, pretty solid gross margin expansion in the quarter, and thanks for providing color on the gross margin expansion for the back half of the year as well. I was wondering if its possible to quantify what the delivered product cost was in the quarter. And there was obviously a comment on the delivered product cost to ease, but I was wondering if you could help quantify how we should think about those delivered product costs in the back half. Thanks.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Ashish. Ill pass that question to Scott, our CFO.
Scott Kirkland: Yes. Hi Ashish, thanks for the question. Yes, as you said, gross margins improved nicely. It was up modestly in Q1, 20 basis points, but really saw great expansion year-over-year in Q2, up 130 basis points. As Christophe said, continue to drive new pricing as well as maintaining the pricing that wed already achieved and had hit that peak in pricing in Q1, but continue to drive new pricing and then seeing that DPC inflation easing a bit. So, as you said with that, is that easing inflation on DPC as well as the new pricing is what is going to help drive continued margin expansions in that 150 to 200 basis points year-over-year. So, we expect DPC to continue to be up year-on-year, just at a smaller rate as we see in the second half of the year. So, as we said, up 9% in Q1, 5% in Q2 and probably low-single-digits in the second half.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Seth Weber with Wells Fargo.
Seth Weber: I wanted to go back to the strength in the institutional margin for a minute. Just, have you -- can you provide us kind of where youre at on the cost-saving program? Im just trying to gauge how much of the margin expansion is a function of price versus volume versus the actual -- the cost initiatives that you guys have kind of started to talk to, but not clear where youre at in that process? Thanks.
Christophe Beck: Ill pass that question as well to Scott, but before I do so, the two main drivers, institutional of volume/new business and the pricing that theyve done really well, also fed by new business and the restructuring that we announced as well earlier, so is going quite well. But Id like to have Scott provide some more details on that?
Scott Kirkland: Yes, happy to do that. Yes, as Christophe said, institutional margins are doing very well. Its really a combination of everything. As we talked about earlier this year as part of the expanded program, that expanded program had a total run rate savings of about $195 million. And we expect to realize the vast majority of that, lets call it, 80-plus percent of it by the end of this year. Were progressing on track for that, about that pace through the end of Q2, and that represents for the full program as well as the institutional, the I&S business.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from the line of John Roberts with Credit Suisse.
John Roberts: Thank you. Nice quarter. Can you give us a rough split of the Healthcare business between Surgical and Infection in North America? And why is Surgical so much smaller in Europe?
Christophe Beck: So in North America, its roughly saw half-half. And in Europe, its mostly Infection Prevention, which is the reason why the bifurcation that Ive talked about is happening in North America, because in Europe, its a different business, almost focused on infection prevention today already.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Spector with UBS.
Josh Spector: Just Christophe, Im intrigued by your comments around volume about them continuing to improve. I think a lot of companies have been a little bit cautious about some of the trends in Europe. And I mean, its still a relatively sizable market for you. So, what are the drivers that you see that gives you that confidence about volumes improving? And when you talk about that, is that up year-on-year, or is that sequential?
Christophe Beck: Yes, Josh. Its year-on-year, so the improvement that we will see so in Q3 and in Q4. And in Q2, I was pleased to see that excluding Europe, our volumes went from flat to plus 1% year-on-year once again. And its all driven by the way we are driving the business. Because the end markets, honestly, so everywhere around the world have a tendency, so to soften, its not true everywhere. But for the most part, the softening quarter-after-quarter, hopefully, thats going to change as well over time. Were not counting on that. Just to be clear, our assumption is really that the end market trends will continue to soften in the next few quarters. How are we driving growth? Its the old-fashioned way, by driving fundamentals. It starts with new business. This is a practice that we have perfected over years/decades, as we call it, a grow-to-win pipeline, which is our new business pipeline, is at an all-time high right now. And we need to deliver it, obviously, by executing it, so customer by customer. In some businesses, its quicker, like in Institutional, or it takes a bit more time in Industrial, since its heavy equipment that we need to install. But new business is really good. Penetration as well of new solutions within existing customers is a priority so for us because its the lower cost to execute, because we go to those customers anyway. This is improving as well. Innovation is also in a very good place. Our innovation pipeline is also at an all-time high. So, its an execution question as well. So to get that done, especially in what we call the mega markets in North America, Western Europe and in China, while we follow closely after in the other markets around the world. So, those are the big reasons. And its also driven by our new growth businesses, like data centers growing over 20%. Microelectronics, close to that as well. And our water business. Thats doing really well at the same time. So, its really focusing on the fundamentals, what we can control, because we cant control whats happening in the market.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Christophe, you are investing in the business. Any way to quantify how much more youre investing this year than last year on either an absolute or a relative basis? Thank you.
Christophe Beck: Good question. I think thats for our CFO as well, so he is looking forward to more questions. Last time he had half a question. So, Im glad that we can do it in tandem today. So, Scott?
Scott Kirkland: Yes. David, what Id say is, I wouldnt give you a specific number here. I would say weve continued to invest in the business not significantly different than we have in the past. As weve said through the last few years, weve continued to invest in the business, adding capacity, maintaining the team, investing in the team. So proportionately, its not that the big driver of what youre seeing from the OI margin expansion, any change in that investment.
Christophe Beck: But maybe one comment Id like to add as well, so to that, David, is that we differentiate how we invest behind our business. So just to share a little bit how were thinking about that as well. We call our growth engines for more investments because they grow faster. They have a higher margin as well. We have another category, which is more transforming businesses that could get better as well. They get a bit less, but theyre very focused in how we can drive our better margins. And then, you have kind of the third categories are the ones that need to become more profitable. They get less investments until they get to the right profitability margin. So, we really do that in a thoughtful manner, by business, by market, making sure we invest the best way we can.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: Your SG&A costs are up 7.5%, which is about your rate of sales growth. Why is it SG&A going up at a lower rate? By contrast, your cost of goods sold sequentially is up 6%, your revenues are up 8%. So it looks like your raw materials are falling, and I take it that thats giving you some benefit. Is that correct? And then lastly, its been a hot summer. So, that gives you above average or better water treatment chemical demand in the third quarter.
Christophe Beck: Great question. Thank you, Jeff. So three questions here for Scott, I guess.
Scott Kirkland: Hey Jeff. Yes, Ill touch on the SG&A. Good question. The SG&A was up a little over 7.5% year-on-year in the second quarter. What Id tell you is the underlying productivity remains really strong. Weve -- headcount has come down actually modestly over the last year, while the sales has increased. Our SG&A ratio was flat in Q2. But just as a reminder, were down about 300 basis points over the last three years. The Q2 SG&A increased. More than half of that was really driven by what we call the higher incentive compensation, and really is driven by our strong performance. So, what I would say around that as well is that on the SG&A, I would expect in the second half, the SG&A dollars to be pretty stable from what you saw in Q2. So -- which would mean its sort of the mid- to high-single-digits for the year. Certainly, in Q3, as you might recall, were going up a tougher comp in Q3 last year. But we also expect longer term to continue to drive productivities as were leveraging the digital investments that weve made over time.
Christophe Beck: So, thats on SG&A. Maybe so an additional comment here. Weve had that question so many times, Jeff, on have you reached the bottom in terms of SG&A ratio? The short answer is no, because of what Scott just said. All the digital technology that weve been implementing, plus all works to come will improve the performance of our organization. So for this year, expect our SG&A dollars are to remain kind of stable quarter-after-quarter, keeping in mind that our headcount at the same time is slightly down as well, which is driving that productivity, not because we spend less time with customers. We spend more time, but we automate most of the transactional work, if I may say. Your second question was on delivered product cost. It is easing a bit faster that we had expected, but its important to keep in mind, its still 40% up versus two years ago, pre-inflation. So obviously, that trend is a positive trend for us, and Ill take that, obviously, to improve margins as well. But most of the work is on pricing and new pricing, which is going really well. And your last question on the summer. We are in 172 countries. So, its not impacting in material ways the business, the way we look at it. So, no influence of that, at least no significant one.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Christopher Parkinson with Mizuho.
Christopher Parkinson: Just on the Institutional side, you have some very helpful commentary by region. I was just hoping to dive down a little bit more on the volume trends in the various geographies, obviously, specifically North America. And just what ultimately is underscoring the confidence in kind of market share gains, just given all of the volume volatility on the post-COVID era. Just any color on that, and just trying to extrapolate, where the real opportunity is heading into 24 and 25?
Christophe Beck: On Institutional, its been a pretty broad-based, the improvements, thats been true in the mega markets, again, as we call them in North America, in Western Europe and in Greater China. Good progress on all 3 fronts here, which is our main focused. And then we have all the other markets, which are doing very well as well at the same time, even though theyre secondary in terms of investments and in terms of our priorities for us. The way we grow volume is really -- so in Institutional, to get even better at CTC, CTG, Circle The Customer, Circle The Globe, or in more modern way to describe it, with enterprise sale to have an exclusive or as close to exclusive partnerships with our global customers. A program like Ecolab Science Certified, which is mostly focused on North America today, well, helps the customer secure their guests, improve their performance and improve as well guest satisfaction at the same time when they use all our products, as well at the same time. Many of our customers are franchised organizations, which means leveraging what we do is helping deliver the quality standards that they want, that they define at the central level anywhere around the world. Its only us who ultimately can deliver that as well. And last but not least, its a solution to improve labor automation. Institutional customers have had very good years in terms of margins the last two years because theyve managed to have higher prices and lower cost, initially because of the labor shortage and ultimately have noticed that it was a good way to improve their margins. And our innovation is focused on helping them keep those better margins by automating the work that used to be done by what I would call cheap labor. So, those are the main drivers so for the growth in Institutional.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: Christophe, I guess, in Healthcare, apart from perhaps increased focus, I was just wondering if you could help us understand how splitting the business is going to change the growth trajectory here. Because youve obviously tried a few different things in Healthcare. So just wondering, I guess, is this one last attempt or does it fit in the portfolio? Just some longer-term thoughts as well would be appreciated.
Christophe Beck: Good question on Healthcare. So, we will stay serving hospitals with what we do as a company, so protecting whats vital, reducing hospital-acquired infection remains a point of focus. The fact that our Healthcare business has not been growing and has not making money so for quite a very long time is something that I have committed to change. And I made that commitment pretty clearly a year ago. So, what were doing is a very thoughtful plan. Were quarter-after-quarter, I want to make moves that are driving us to a place where its a business thats growing nicely. Its not going to be high growth, but that we get good profitability. The first move was really in Q1, to do this cost restructuring in North America and in Europe, so to get the right cost base. And thats evolving pretty nicely. Were on plan delivering on that front. And I wanted to make a second step, which we announced a week ago to the organization and wanted to share with you as well in the release and on that call, where we want to have those two businesses, Surgical, which is really focused on drapes protecting surgeons equipment and patients, which is very different than our Infection Prevention business, which is much more traditional Ecolab business of hygiene and disinfection, infection prevention. Well, those two businesses, we want to have them separate. Theyre more focused. Theyre serving two different parts as well in the hospital. And most importantly, our Infection Prevention business, which is the one with the lowest profitability, cannot afford the cost structure that we have today. On the other hand, leveraging the huge sales force that we have in Institutional in North America, well, they get immediately a much broader reach on the market because institutionally serving hospitals on the food service and hospitality side today already and at the same time, get a huge boost in terms of cost productivity. So, improving Infection Prevention business performance, kind of almost overnight, its going to take, obviously, so a few months to get there, but its kind of a sure thing. Its in our hands, while the Surgical business, which is doing quite well and with good margins, is going to remain a focused business. So, we have those two businesses in a better place, and thats the next step that we want to execute towards our ambition to have a good Healthcare business ultimately.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: I actually want to piggyback on Manavs question. Is the Infection Protection business going to be kind of folded into Institutional? If youre going to be leveraging their sales and service organization, what is going to be kind of standalone on its own? And by separating these businesses, does it also make it easier, if you cant get them to the place you want to be to kind of sell them off in bite-sized pieces?
Christophe Beck: So a lot to unpack in your question, Shlomo. So, Im not going to comment about the future. It gives us more options, lets put it that way. But well have those two businesses. One, our Surgical business, our Drape business is going to be standalone with its own divisional structure, supply chain. So very verticalized, if I may say. The Infection Prevention business, were going to have the best of both worlds, because were going to have a division thats focused on corporate accounts, on marketing, on innovation, R&D, really so driving that business strategically, while commercial execution is going to be done by Institutional, where you get much more reach and a much better cost structure as well at the same time. So, two focused businesses. Surgical, totally verticalized; Infection Prevention, a separate division, but leveraging Institutional as their commercial arm.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Andy Wittmann with Robert W. Baird.
Andy Wittmann: I wanted to dig into the Life Sciences performance in the quarter and your comments, Christophe, about how theres some short-term disruption in that marketplace. I was hoping you could elaborate on this, perhaps address whats the cause of the short-term disruption? Or perhaps maybe thats related to the prior few years, with all the vaccines and COVID and other things like that, maybe we just need to come off of that period, I dont know. And if you could just talk to the confidence that you have in the recovery. It sounded like its not going to be necessarily right here in the third quarter, and you said, I think maybe the comment was a few quarters. But any detail that you can give to support the return to that growth in Life Sciences, including whether thats the legacy Life Sciences business or the newer filtration business that youd acquired a year or so ago?
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Andy. So, Life Sciences is a great business. Its been a great business, since we started in 2017, when we rolled the various pieces together. And the future is even better, because -- while its going to be the golden age of pharma, and biopharma is going to be the new way of producing drugs and vaccines going forward as its been demonstrated with COVID over the past few years. So, a great business that has delivered very well with a very good future. Purolite is a new element to that business, which adds drug filtration to it as well as new capabilities to filtrate any other liquid, especially saltwater in other industries, as weve mentioned. So the industry is a bit under pressure today. I feel pretty good with our flattish growth because if I compare it to competition, which are great companies, by the way, well, their growth is way down. So being flattish, I feel pretty good about that. Its driven by what you mentioned. Its kind of still the outcome of the past few years with COVID, COVID-related production inventories as well. And in an industry that is basically getting ready for the future. Its not going to last long. Its going to last a few quarters. So, were not going to see a major pickup in Q3, but I think its going to happen over the next few quarters. But if anything, when I look back, so a year ago, how I was looking at Life Science, how am I looking at the market and the business today where I feel really good and even better with where were going, which is why weve decided to stay on offense. Even if the market is pressured for a while, its not going to last forever. So, for me, making sure that we can get more new customers, that we can build capabilities, which means expertise, people on the street, people in R&D, innovation, and at the same time, some building capacity as well to produce for the future, well, its the best time to do it. That has an impact on the operating income margin. Thats okay, because we know that that business is kind of north of 30% on a long-term run rate basis, its worth doing it. So, a few quarters a bit pressured, but were going to get to a better place, and that business is more promising than its ever been. So, I feel good about Life Sciences.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Patrick Cunningham with Citi.
Patrick Cunningham: So, were starting to see some deceleration on pricing. What can we expect from normalized pricing going forward? And specifically on the water business, youve highlighted the unique competitive position and customer sustainability objectives. Do you think that will translate into higher pricing power relative to historical pricing?
Christophe Beck: So, two short answers here, Patrick. The first one is the deceleration of pricing. As you mentioned it, is 100% related to year-on-year comparison. The carryover, weve kept 100% of it, including the energy surcharge, by the way. And on top of it, were expanding as well new pricing because weve become as well even better. Weve always been good at pricing as an organization. Well, over the past two years, weve become even better because its been so much related to the value were creating for our customers or the savings in their operations in dollar. And we want to make absolutely sure that net-net, its a positive story for customers, which it is. So, thats the first answer, entirely, so the slowdown entirely related to a year-on-year comparison. Carryover is stable, and pricing is expanding, which leads to the second question, pricing for the future. I dont know, where its exactly going to shake out. Weve been always within the range of 1% to 2% in the past 10 years or pre this inflationary time. Post that cycle, whenever that cycle is over, is going to be better than that. I dont know exactly what the number is going to be, but its going to be north of two. Thats for sure.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander: So, it sounds as if the path to positive volumes in the back half is youre widening the spread that Ecolab can get versus the end markets. How do you see that developing in 2024, 2025? Do you think you can keep the new wider spread or expand it further, or do you see kind of this as a bit countercyclical? And as the end markets recover, maybe Ecolabs volume spreads sort of compresses a little bit?
Christophe Beck: Well see where we end up in 24. If Im looking at currently, Im pleased with the fact that were better than the market. The fact that were improving ex-Europe, as well in Q2 and that we are in positive territory is a very good sign. I like the evolution that were having in Europe as well. We have a great team doing very good work over there. So, Europe is going to improve as well. So, over time, new business is very strong, as mentioned earlier. So its really focusing on what we can control, new business, penetration, innovation, enterprise selling. Those are the old fashioned good ways of driving volume. Weve been successful so far. As mentioned, the last two years, we focused primarily our attention on pricing and margin. We shifted our attention primarily on volume a quarter or two ago, and its working. And usually, those trends take a few quarters to take hold in our organization. But when we have good momentum, it remains as well. So, I feel positive about where were going for the second half, so for sure. And I see no reason why it shouldnt be good for 24 as well.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin McCarthy: Perhaps a two-part question on the price-cost spread. Christophe, on the price side, would you call out any particular areas where youre seeing the most positive sequential momentum on price realizations and perhaps other areas where its more of a struggle and starting to flatten out sequentially? And on the cost side, really a similar approach or question in that, are there particular areas you would call out, where your costs are dropping fast on a sequential basis and other areas where you have stubborn increases?
Christophe Beck: Yes, Kevin, Ill give that question to Scott. But before we get there, again, mentioning and underlining how we look at pricing. Its really twofold. Its, on one hand, making sure we keep the carryover, that we dont give price back. And thats been working really well across the board and at the same time that we can drive new pricing as well in all businesses. And thats been working very well as well in the organization. But with that, Ill leave it up to Scott to give us some more insights.
Scott Kirkland: Yes. Hi. Thanks, Kevin. Yes, as we talk -- as Christophe said, theres the carry-in pricing, the pricing we executed last year, which we said had peaked at the 13% in Q1, but continue to drive that new pricing. And really, the pricing across the board, as I think about it by segment, very strong pricing across I&S, Industrial, Healthcare, Life Sciences and our other segments, which is mostly passed this as youre aware. But really strong pricing, both that we had in that the carry-in, the structural price we did last year as well as the new pricing that will continue to accelerate this year. As I think about to your other question, from a cost perspective, DPC, Industrial took the lions share of the cost increases over this inflationary environment over the last couple of years. So thats where were going to see the biggest impact as that DPC costs have started to ease, which we talked about in Q2, which was 5% relative to the 9% last year. So as that continues to ease, well likely see the biggest benefit in Industrial, just given that they took the lions share of the increase over the last two years.
Christophe Beck: And Kevin, Id like to remind you is just two facts I mentioned before as well. So, we saw Industrial having reached in Q2, already the 2019 operating income margin, which is a very good sign. And I&S, so Institutional & Specialty in dollar terms, not in margins, being back to 2019 in the fourth quarter of this year as well. So, two big indications for our two major businesses that our margin recovery is really well on track, and its not going to stop there. Its going to keep improving.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steve Byrne with Bank of America.
Steve Byrne: I was curious to hear an estimate from you on what fraction of your sales would you say involve equipment at your customers that either you own or that is proprietary to you that would have to be removed if a competitor were to come in and scoop up that -- that business. And with respect to competitors, are you seeing any changes in competitive dynamics out there, such as the Solenis-Diversey combination? Are you seeing anything coming out of that?
Christophe Beck: So, a few questions in here. So, to unpack, Steve, first, on the equipment question, just would like to remind you is on 95% of our sales are recurring. So its not equipment by definition. This is in chemistry or lease programs or digital subscriptions or sales that you get recurringly on a monthly, on a weekly basis. So the equipment components is really, really small. At the same time, since you have equipment in those customer location, well, it increases the stickiness as well of our business with our customers. Not obvious to change. So from us to someone else, especially, since equipment is not going to be at the same level of technology, need to say the least. But this is not the way were driving our business with our customers. We want them to stay with us, not because its hard to change the equipment, but because they get the best service, the best customer experience, and most importantly, that their total cost of operation is going down because they reduce their usage of natural resources, carbon and water and at the same time, as well as the labor. So, thats the way we drive our business, 95% recurring, less than 5% equipment. And to your last question about the competitive situation, our competition is busy right now, but we take them very seriously as weve always taken them. And the fact that our new business generation is doing really well is a good indication that were kind of winning that war.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Im just wondering if you can give us a little more specifics on the volume by segment. I mean, I see what you said for the total company on an ex-Europe basis, but can you tell us anything in particular about the key segments?
Christophe Beck: Yes, Vincent. So generally, the volume profile is similar in every business. I like a lot what the Institutional & Specialty is doing. As mentioned so many times during that call, they are in positive territory and are keeping accelerating. So theyre at the forefront. They had the most to recover as well at the same time, but basically, so doing really, really well. Industrial, lets not forget that they had a lot of work to do in pricing over the past two years. And as mentioned before, being in a position to deliver similar margins in this quarter, in the second quarter than what they had in 2019 is a remarkable accomplishment. And now so shifting over the last few quarters, on the new business, what is helping improve as well the volume in Industrial. And to call out as well that Water in Industrial is -- has been positive, remains positive and has a very good story as well here. And the drag is in paper, which is mostly driven by our customers or reducing inventories, after all, the past few years, disruptions that they had. But I like the new business that we have in paper. So paper is going to improve as well, the inventory meltdown of our customers is going to improve as well over the next few quarters. So, all in, Institutional and Specialty is strong and getting stronger. Industrial improving as well, with paper becoming better over the next few quarters. And Ive mentioned the other businesses getting better as well, as we move forward.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer & Company.
Scott Schneeberger: I have one for both of you. A quick one for Scott. Ill ask them both upfront. Scott, the -- was -- you mentioned headcount down, but SG&A pretty steady through the balance of the year on an absolute level. Is that incentive comp, which is the delta? And how should we think about that? Because you had a few challenging years. This looks like a really good year. How should we think about that in the back half and then going into next year? And Christophe, for you, I was going to ask on paper, but I also want to ask on -- in the Industrial segment. I think because you just did cover paper pretty well. But Food and Beverage, a big subsegment there. Thats been double-digit growth for, gosh, 1.5 years. Are you continuing to win a lot of new business? How does that trajectory look? And maybe if you could bear down a little bit into the submarkets: dairy, beverage and brewing food? And just give us a little bit of color of the strength youre seeing?
Christophe Beck: I guess, Scott, you start?
Scott Kirkland: Yes. Scott, Ill start on the SG&A question. Yes, as I said, the big driver in Q2 of the SG&A increase was incentive compensation, and would expect that similar level of sort of incentive compensation headwind as you see it. Granted, its -- the reason for it is why were performing very well and rebuilding on that incentive compensation, but expect that to be the biggest piece of the SG&A year-over-year for the second half as well. But certainly, as weve rebuilt on the incentive compensation, wed expect it to be less of a headwind next year. But really, more importantly, as weve talked about continuing to drive this SG&A ratio, which weve done very well over the last few years, the 300 basis points and would expect, although for this year, because of the incentive compensation, the SG&A sort of productivity or leverage will be more modest than we saw over the last few years, would expect to continue to drive that leverage in the future, especially as were leveraging the investments we made, the cost savings programs that we have to continue to drive great opportunity on the SG&A productivity going forward.
Christophe Beck: Then the second part of your question, I believe, difference on our F&B business, one of our largest businesses. Im really pleased with the work that the team has done in this business, theyve been able to work well on both growth and margin recovery. Theyve been impacted, obviously, by the inflationary costs and delivered product cost, but managed well to manage new business and the margin performance. Second, its a positive industry. So its serving consumer goods industries. Youre familiar with most of them. Theyve done quite well over the last few years, and theyre still doing well today. So, its a good place to be as an industry. And the third point Ill make is that its one of those industries thats very interested in what we do. Its about food safety, which is essential for them. Its non-negotiable, obviously, for their brands and our customers do very well with it. And at the same time, they are the most advanced companies in terms of commitment on carbon footprint, on water usage, on waste management at a lower total cost, which is exactly what we do for them. So, they are very interested in what we do. And the last point Ill make is we have this unique position of bringing water management and food safety in one offering, which no company today can offer. Were uniquely positioned to offer that to our customers. And we perfect that model all the time, and I like a lot where were heading because thats exactly what those customers are looking for, which are the reasons why this business is doing so well.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from the line of John Roberts from Credit Suisse.
John Roberts: North American Healthcare Infection Protection is going to use the commercial organization from Institutional. Do you have any other examples within Ecolab, of sort of cross-segment collaboration like that? And will that result in any intersegment financial reporting?
Christophe Beck: So, two parts of your question, John. On one hand, we will, for the time being, still keep that reporting consistent with what weve done for now. I cant speak for the longer term. But for now, I want to keep that consistency to keep the clarity. I made a commitment to you that we will improve the Healthcare business. I truly want to show the improvements that were making. Its not by folding it in something else that were going to improve it. So, were going to remain consistent and transparent. Now, the second part of your question on Institutional being used by other businesses. The best example I can provide you is for QSR, so the Quick Serve Restaurants, McDonalds, Burger King, Wendys and so on, are always more using dish machine in order to automate the labor they have in their restaurant. As you know, the QSR is a separate business, and its been true for 30 years. Its not exactly a new thing. In here, well, the Institutional team is the one thats serving those dish machines as well. It works really well because we get the reach, because we have Institutional everywhere in the country, and they get the cost productivity because of the critical mass and density that Institutional is having. So, what Institutional is doing for QSR is kind of similar than what were looking to do for Healthcare as well. So, its a model that weve practiced in the past already.
Operator: Mr. Hedberg, there are no further questions at this time, Id like to turn the floor back to you for closing remarks.
Andy Hedberg: Thank you. That wraps up our second quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated discussion slides will be available for replay on our website. Thank you for your time and participation. I hope everyone has a great rest of your day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude todays teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-02 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Ecolab First Quarter 2023 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andy Hedberg, Vice President, Investor Relations for Ecolab. Thank you, Mr. Hedberg. You may begin.
Andy Hedberg: Thank you, and hello, everyone. Welcome to Ecolabs first quarter conference call. With me today are Christophe Beck, Ecolabs Chairman and CEO and Scott Kirkland, our CFO. A discussion of our results, along with our earnings release and the slides referencing this quarter results are available on Ecolabs website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements in these materials, which state that this teleconference and the associated supplemental materials include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the Risk Factors section in our most recent Form 10-K and in our poster materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. With that, Id like to turn the call over to Christophe Beck for his comments.
Christophe Beck: Thank you so much, Andy and welcome to everyone. Look, our team delivered another strong quarter, once again, even slightly better than I would have predicted. Top line was very strong. Volume trends remained stable. Margins expanded. Operating income growth got even stronger and adjusted EPS growth kept improving as we promised. All as promised, as we continued to face some real headwinds in foreign exchange and interest. Most importantly, our shift to offense showed some real encouraging signs of progress. Organic sales improved from 12% in the fourth quarter to 13% in the first, with strong performance across all segments. Our net new business pipeline once again reached new records in the first quarter as what we have to offer, water, energy and labor savings while delivering the best and safest outcome in the industries we serve continues to grow in importance for our customers. We also maintained very strong pricing at 13%, which we believe will be the peak as we will begin to lap against last years strong acceleration. Our approach to pricing and its important to state that is responsible and respectful allowing our customers to absorb long-term increases in a progressive manner. This is backed by true eROI value, the Ecolab way as we help them reduce the overall operating cost, usage of natural resources and their environmental impact. Delivered product cost continued to increase versus last year, but the rate of inflation began to ease. This, along with strong pricing execution, allowed us to drive modest gross margin expansion a bit earlier than expected. That being said, our margin recovery journey has only just begun. Despite our expectation that inflation remains stubbornly high, we remain fully committed to recovering our margin over time, done the right way, when that builds further customer loyalty as we continue to deliver more value. The repositioning of our institutional business, which is a big priority for us, is progressing well as demonstrated by strong sales growth and margin leverage within that segment. Healthcare & Life Sciences organic sales growth strengthened, while operating income remains under pressure near-term at least as we continue to invest in growth and transformation. They are two very different businesses and stories within that segment. In Healthcare, we continue to take actions to improve profitability. Whereas in Life Sciences, we are making further investments as we add capacity and capabilities in Purolite to capitalize on very attractive and profitable long-term growth opportunities. While we continued investing in our long-term capabilities and in digital technology, we also continue to make solid progress in SG&A productivity. The combination of improved gross margins and better operational productivity led to strong organic operating income growth of 19%, up from 10% in the fourth quarter last year. Our adjusted earnings per share growth improved to 7%, which includes a 13% headwind from FX and interest. In summary, we started the year exactly the way we wanted with strong top and bottom line momentum despite a challenging environment. Looking ahead, we anticipate inflation to remain high for the foreseeable future, interest rates to have a strong impact on global demand and continued geopolitical tensions. Although none of this is new, the good news is that we are very well positioned to win in this environment. Over the last 3 years, our expertise grew as we focused on supporting our team and developing innovative solutions. Our customer retention rates remain high as we protected them from supply shortages. Our margin started to recover and our organic operating income accelerated as we drove pricing in thoughtful ways while increasing customer value. And now as macro trends are softening, we will continue to accelerate our shift to offense by accelerating the business, by executing extremely well and by driving productivity improvements and continuing to invest in our major growth engines to drive profitable growth. This will ensure we deliver stronger sequential earnings performance exactly as weve indicated during our previous calls. With this, we expect adjusted earnings growth in the second quarter to be in the plus 5% to plus 14% range and to end the year as expected, with adjusted earnings growth in the fourth quarter that reaches low double-digits. And finally, we will remain good stewards of capital by continuing to invest in the business, increasing our dividend, reducing our leverage and returning cash to shareholders as weve always done. And most importantly, with the best team, science and capabilities in the industry, we were prepared to grow our share of this high-quality $152 billion growth market. I believe our future has never looked brighter. I look forward to your questions.
Andy Hedberg: Thanks, Christophe. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, would you please begin the question-and-answer period?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tim Mulrooney with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Tim Mulrooney: Good afternoon, Christophe.
Christophe Beck: Hi, Tim.
Tim Mulrooney: Alright. So for my one question, I think Ill have to go with gross margin. It looks like the adjusted gross margin expanded 20 basis points year-over-year in the first quarter. Now we werent expecting to see that expansion year-over-year kind of until the second or third quarter. So that was great to see. But taking into account what you are expecting for pricing and raw materials, I am curious what youre thinking for the cadence of gross margin expansion as we move through the remainder of this year? Thank you.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Tim. Im very pleased with the progress that weve made, and we know thats an outcome of what the team has done the past 2 years. Its been a long journey. We wanted obviously to reach the point where we could turn the corner and then rebuild and expand on our gross margins and operating income margins as well. So quite pleased, as you said, with what weve delivered. In Q1, operating income went up 19%, as I said just before, which led to a 50 basis points improvement as well as the OI margin, which is the first trigger for me. And the second is this gross margin of 20 basis points. It came a bit earlier than we had expected. We thought it would happen during the second half of the year because, ultimately, pricing got stronger than what we thought initially, which is a good news. Volume was better than feared, especially because of what happened in Europe. It did not happen because of the higher temperature as well. And the delivered product cost inflation that didnt go down, but went less up than what we saw in the fourth quarter of the past year. So when we bring it all together, gross margins are turned the corner at that point, which is all good news. Gross margin turning good, OI, operating income margin turning good as well, but we are just at the beginning of that journey because our mission is really start to get back to a high watermark as we call it, and then to keep expanding from there. So well keep improving quarter-after-quarter as weve promised and committed as well. But that will also depend on the rate of the delivered product cost inflation, which is hard to know exactly how its going to be. Its been up 9% in the first quarter. We had delivered product cost inflation of 27%, same in 22. So 19% is obviously lower than 27%, but its still going up. And I dont see it turn negative anytime soon. So for 2023, I think we will be facing continuous DPC inflation. So with that, well, we will keep working on pricing. We will keep working on volume. We will keep working on productivity in order as committed to make sure that our earnings improve quarter-after-quarter until we get to our traditional low double-digit operating income or earnings per share growth in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Ashish Sabadra: Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to focus on the SG&A leverage that we saw in the quarter, pretty strong leverage there. I was wondering if you could talk about the productivity initiatives that you have  and the cost takeout initiatives, but also how the digital innovations are driving better SG&A leverage? Thanks.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Ashish. I like a lot the progress we have made on SG&A. We have made great progress last year in 22 as you know, so we improved our 200 basis points in the past year. And we will continue on a very good trend in the quarters and years to come as we automate much of the transactional work that we are doing either in the field with our sales and service people so they can focus really on creating value for our customers, which is where our investments are best focused on obviously and as well in the whole backbone infrastructure as we call it. This is the implementation of SAP. We are north of 80% of the company on SAP as well now and we are trying to leverage all that critical mass in shared services. So its helping on the G&A side while we improve on the selling side as well. So its not going to be every quarter, obviously, the same improvement, but the trends long term are going to remain the same. And I think that we are probably midway on that journey. So for the years to come, we will still have some upside coming up out of productivity.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your questions.
Seth Weber: Hi, good morning. I wanted to just ask about the pricing commentary you made. Christophe, I think I heard you say the 13% in the first quarter was probably peak, can you just talk to how youre handling the energy surcharge, whether thats starting to roll off or whether youre trying to merge that into more structural pricing going forward? Just how we should think about the mix of pricing kind of coming off of this 13% number?
Christophe Beck: Id love to, Seth. Thank you. So pricing, the team has done a remarkable job over the last 18 months, making really sure that the pricing we were delivering was really so backed by value that were creating so for customers as well because we will never go down in pricing. Its been true for the last 20 years. Thats not going to change in the years to come. This is the Ecolab way of creating value for customers and capturing part of it, which translates into pricing for our business. So when I think about the pricing we had last year, we had roughly sort of 10% of price, so in 22. As mentioned, half of it will be carried over in 23, which is unchanged. The 13% that we have in Q1, youre right, you understood well. So its going to be the peak for 23. We will keep having strong pricing in the quarters to come, but the rate of increase will ease as we lap obviously so year-over-year. And now to your point, under energy surcharge, weve been working with our customers over the past 12 months to merge as much as we could of the surcharge into structural pricing, a bit different in every industry that we serve. But for the most part, the transfer from energy surcharge to structural pricing is going quite well. Its not all the way there, but I like the progress that weve made so far.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Roberts with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
John Roberts: Thank you. Nice quarter. Do you need to shrink the sales of the European healthcare business in order to turn around earnings?
Christophe Beck: John, it depends on how mean it. So turning earnings for the overall company, no, but for purely healthcare in Europe, yes, its important to keep in mind that healthcare is 5% of the overall Ecolab organization. I am really glad that 95% is going really well and 5%, I dont like and I am staying focused on it. This is not my first priority, obviously, but this is an important priority for me. So when I think about healthcare, I have committed that in 23 we will see a turn. Its going to take some time to get to the right place. But the first action that weve done, are doing and will be doing is to right-size the cost structure. We have announced it with our restructuring plan during the last call and we are implementing it as we talk right now. But thats not going to be the whole song as we know. At the same time, there is a second point that we are focusing on is really making sure that we refocused the business towards what we know how to run, which is the most institutional like business the infection prevention. Its a bit of a dish machine, obviously, because its instrument and endoscope reprocessing as well. We know how to run that business. We know how to make money with that business. Its not where we focused in the past, but thats where were going to focus as well in the future. And the last point is, were going to really think about options to make sure that we can strengthen this core business in order to make it a real Ecolab business and more profitable as well. So bottom line, still some work to do, again, 5% of the overall company. So its not going to move the needle, obviously, for the earnings of the overall company, but Im committed to make it work.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Spector with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Josh Spector: Yes, hi, thanks for taking my question. Just curious on your thoughts on volume as you walk through number of puts and takes, I guess, with maybe Europe being an easier comp, same thing with Asia, North America, maybe a bit more challenging. So do you see this kind of minus 1% persisting into next quarter? Do you have a different view on the second half, given where comps are, just curious on your thoughts around that? Thanks.
Christophe Beck: Yes. Thank you, Josh. So on the volume, as mentioned, weve been slightly negative. It was kind of the same trends as what we saw in the fourth quarter. So honestly, better than peer, if I may say, because Europe was less bad than we sold. So from an environment perspective, honestly, I like a lot, how Europe has been delivering. In the first quarter, sales were good. Margins were extremely good, and I think that theyre going to have a very good year in Europe in 23. So thats the good news. If I look at overall volume for the company, if you exclude Europe, as mentioned just before, so were slightly positive, which is a good news as well. And the third point, which is most important is the shift to offense that weve initiated a few months back, while we wanted to really make sure that pricing was done the right way in order to enter 23 very well positioned to improve our margins. Well, that was taking a lot of time for our sales team that they were not focusing on generating even more new business. That being said, new business in 22 was stronger than in 21. So its not that it was not good. It was good actually, but Id like to have much more. Now weve made that shift  its what our teams like to do. Its where we are best at, ultimately, I like a lot when I see the new business thats been generated. We had a record high in Q1, which is a very good news. We need to execute that properly as well. So we will be biting a slowdown of the global economy. I dont know whether thats exactly going to go, obviously, but its not going to accelerate that Im pretty sure about. So we will have to drive volume the old-fashioned way with new business with innovation, investing behind our growth engines as well. So its going to improve quarter after quarter. And I think that, thats the journey that we are on, and you will see that in the quarters to come, especially in the second half of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Harrison with Seaport Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Harrison: Hi, good morning. Sorry, good afternoon, I guess. Christophe, I know you are reluctant to put numbers around the full year outlook. The wording compared to 3 months ago is pretty much unchanged. But can you talk about how confident you are in that outlook today versus 3 months ago? What are some components that have changed for the better? And maybe what are some areas that youre more concerned about?
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Mike and good afternoon. Youre right. My wording hasnt changed, but my level of confidence has risen in the meantime, which is the net positive. Were off to a good start in 23, but lets face it. Its the first quarter of the year, three more to come and a lot can happen still obviously. What we can control like what were doing, fundamentals are strong. Thats new business, thats pricing, thats innovation, thats productivity, that investments and so on, all these things that are all in our hands, obviously. And I think that the team is executing very, very well. So we will keep improving so quarter-after-quarter. As weve done in the past few quarters, we will be doing in the quarters to come. But the honest truth is, Id like to see what happens in Q2 in the world not in what we can control in terms of inflation, in terms of interest rates, in terms of war in Europe, in terms of debt ceiling, you name it. The list is long, obviously, here. And I want to understand what happens on the delivered product cost inflation because of all those elements. So youre right, unchanged wording, unchanged outlook, higher level of confidence to deliver as Ive committed to as well here, but we will know much more after the second quarter, and I will share with you what Im seeing. And if things are getting better, Ill share that with you as well, but were going to have a good year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please proceed with your question. 
Manav Patnaik: Yes. Hi, maybe I can just squeeze in a two part. But just as a follow-up to the new business comments you made, I was hoping you could help just quantify how much that new business is adding to get some sense of gross volumes, I guess? And the main question I had was just any update you have on a lot of the kind of the data initiatives you had talked about a while back if  where that was today?
Christophe Beck: Help me understand, Manav, I really wanted sense. So when you say data initiative, what is it exactly like, Manav.
Manav Patnaik: Well, just broadly, all the kind of data collection that you have done on all your on-site, I think you hired a Chief Technology Officer and the productivity, etcetera, whatever the outcomes there were.
Christophe Beck: Okay. Got it. Thank you. Thats helpful. So two questions here. First, on new business. Weve never disclosed the exact numbers on your business pipeline and growth. So Im not going to start now. But we havent changed our definitions. So its really so comparable. So in Q1 was quite a bit better than what we had in the past few quarters and even compared to Q4 as well. So the fact that new business is accelerating year-on-year is a good news, obviously. So for the new business generation. Then once we have sold that new business, we need to install it, as you know. So we dont sell for the most part software, so people need to install our technology and make sure that the chemistry is working and that the processes are working as they should and all that. That usually takes a few months or a few quarters to implement nothing new. Thats always been true, and thats going to be true this year. So very good new business pipeline. Major refocus of our team on new business. If you want to think about it in the past 2 years, our team was 80% focused on pricing and 20% on new business. Now its the other way around. Its 80% on new business and 20% on finishing the price and keeping pricing for the future as well. So thats going to have an impact, obviously, on our volume, which we will have to net, obviously, with the market evolution. But I feel confident for now that we will master that quite well. Now the second part of your questions are very different on digital. Were still focusing on three major pillars. That hasnt changed. The first one is really so to generate value for our customers. The way weve done it in the past with 3D TRASAR is going really well. Ecolab 3D, which is the Ecolab Cloud, one of the largest in the industry, by the way, since were connecting tens of thousands of plants on the cloud is giving us a very unique view, Manav, on whats the best performance that we can reach within a company, what site thats having the best performance and how to lead to that performance and then expand it across that customer. We can do it within industry, across the industries. And that were really focusing on with our team. And just for perspective, we have over 1,000 people in digital today. So we have quite a bit of firepower for that. The second pillar is really to focus on field automation, as mentioned before, and you see it in the SG&A productivity as well. This is not squeezing our teams, it is really sort of providing them with the tools that they can really focus on creating value for our customers and that we can automate all the transactional work. Were early on that journey, but its progressing well. You can see it in the numbers. And the last component is really the customer experience really making sure that they can have a real-time data-driven type of experience, e-commerce is something that has expanded very well over the last 12 to 18 months but its also what we call our digital industrial bulk has been an interesting project as well. We ultimately saw all our distribution to industrial customers is connected to the cloud and can be done not only in real time where customers know when the products are going to come, but we can also increase the safety level of the delivery because it makes sure that whats being delivered is being delivered exactly in the right tank, and thats been a great plus, not only for our customers but for our team because safety still got better. So sorry for the long answer on that, but good progress on the digital front as well, and were still on our journey here.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Parkinson with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Parkinson: Great. Thank you so much. Just in your supplemental, when you break down the water business, its pretty clear that youre still enthusiastic about the pricing gains as well as new business wins. But Christophe, just given what  understanding you dont have a crystal ball, but just given what youre seeing right here right now and what youre hearing from the customers of these various substrates, can you just comment on what your expectations are for the evolution of those for the balance of the year? And then perhaps comment on  it seems like this business has been under-earning along with Institutional. And just how long you think it will take to get back to its, lets say, full potential at trend line? Thank you so much.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Chris. So the water business, as you could see, is doing really well and has been doing really well in the first quarter as well. Its our largest single business, as you know, its been growing 14%. Volume has been nicely positive as well. very nice new business in that field because customers need always more what were offering, which is basically helping them produce better products, more products, while reducing their water usage. And why do they do that. It is not only to reduce the impact on the environment. But when they reduce the water usage, they reduce their energy usage, reduce their carbon footprint, reduce their cost as well, and thats why they invest even more in what were doing. So the water promise that we started 10 years ago when we acquired Nalco is really paying off in a really big time. And when I look at the pricing journey, a very nice one over the past few quarters. When you look at industrial, as a whole, the OI margin was up 80 basis points. Gross margin was even better than that. So very nice margin improvement, good sales momentum and within that sales momentum, Id like just to mention, so a few interesting highlights. Our global high-tech business went up 36%, power was 20%. Mining was 40% plus. So a lot of very good things happening in water out of what the team is doing in that field.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Pleas proceed with your question. 
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. I have a two-part question. I understand that youll be annualizing the price increases of 2022. But in the course of 2023, do you expect to raise prices. Normally Ecolabs prices go up 1% to 2% a year. But my general sense is you think it should be greater than that, maybe 3%. Is that what you plan for this year? And secondly, SG&A costs went up 8% in the quarter. Isnt that too high? I understand that the overall SG&A margin was a little bit better. But given the restructuring efforts that youre making, shouldnt SG&A be growing at a more moderate rate? Is that your target or no?
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Jeff. So let me take pricing, and then Ill give the floor to Scott who need to work a little bit here as well during that call in SG&A. On pricing, youre right. Weve always increased prices overall in our history, 20 years plus, its not going to change in 23 and in the years to come. So there will be a combination of a few things that are going to happen. As mentioned before, 10% was the pricing we had last year. Half of that will be carryover that math since were not going to give it back in 2023. And we will build on that some incremental pricing. So you do the math, obviously, and then there is the lap year-over-year. Then there is the last question or part of the question, which is whats going to be the run rates are going forward. We were 1% to 1.5% in average, in the last 10 years as a company. Depending on where inflation is going to be in 24, I dont know how its going to be, but its going to be north of 2%. Im almost sure about that. Jeff, I think that our incremental pricing will be higher than what we had in the past before this inflationary cycle. So if you combine both the carryover and the new pricing, you can see more or less where were going to be and for the years to come. I think that the company has developed a very strong muscle in pricing, not because were jamming pricing to customers. As mentioned before, weve taken our time to do it really well, really respectfully and backed by value with our customers, and were going to continue to do that in the future. Its going to be good for customers. Its going to be good for us, and its going to be good for shareholders, especially as inflation will be easing since our margins will improve as well at the same time. So thats the general picture on pricing. Now for SG&A. So Scott, you might want to make a few comments.
Scott Kirkland: Yes, sure. Thanks, Christophe. Hey, Jeff, yes, so as you mentioned on SG&A, we think about it from a productivity perspective as a ratio. And as you mentioned, the SG&A leverage continued to improve in the first quarter. We were down 30 basis points year-over-year. And thats on top of the comparing against a very strong quarter last year where the SG&A ratio improved by 200 basis points. And also, as you know, seasonally, just from a ratio perspective, its a sale  its our lowest quarter in sales. So obviously, thats going to drive less SG&A leverage as well as just timing of investments and spending. So we feel very good about where SG&A is, the programs were doing, expect to continue to drive that SG&A leverage through those productivity  normal productivity programs as well as the cost savings programs that you mentioned. So we feel really good about the trajectory we have on SG&A and getting back that OI margin.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question. 
David Begleiter: Thank you. Christophe, in Institutional, we are seeing some better trends amongst your customers. Are you yet seeing those trends in your volumes? And actually, in Q1, why are your volumes down in Institutional? Thank you.
Christophe Beck: So David, I like the progress were making in Institutional. Youve seen the numbers, 14% growth in Institutional & Specialty and 16% on the operating income, which is good. But this is the beginning of the journey. As Ive mentioned a few times over past calls, the industry behavior has changed quite a bit. If I take the example of restaurants, which unfortunately are the same numbers as the ones that Ive mentioned during the past few calls, the dining in traffic, which means people going in the restaurant and sitting at the table is down 30% versus 2019. And we were all hoping that, that would improve quarter after quarter. Well, the ugly truth is that its not. And people have gotten used to order online, to do some pickup or being delivered as well the food, and thats amazingly sticky interestingly enough. So its been good for our customers, and Im really pleased for them because at the end of the day, well, they are selling the same or more at a lower service cost because they have less people staying in the dining room, very good deal for restaurant operators. And I think this is a very good thing for them as well. We had to change obviously. So for us, when I think about it versus 2019, so if you take in restaurants, this minus 30% of foot traffic in their dining room, well, our sales in comparison in North America are up 12% in 2023, so the first quarter. So weve gained market share. Our teams have managed to really sort of drive share, drive pricing, drive innovation to make sure that we could get ahead of the curve. But the baseline has changed quite a bit. A bit similar in hotels as well because were all experiencing that. Our room prices are higher, good things for the industry, obviously. But the services provided have gone down. This is helping their margins. This means less natural demand for what were doing. And our teams is and will be offering more services in order to drive penetration of all we do for the lodging customers we have around the world in order to make sure that we keep growing in an industry that has changed a bit what they are offering for their guests. And for perspective, the rooms sold off versus 2019 in North America up 8% and our housekeeping business is up 18%, for instance, as well. So, showing as well that we are gaining share, but a lot needs to be done in an industry that has changed because guest demand has changed as well. I like what the team is doing, so offering Ecolab Science Certified, which means offering the whole Ecolab offering to customers in order to make sure that their guests are safe and satisfied in a way thats reducing cost as well. We need to reduce our own costs as well at the same time, which is why weve announced this restructuring program in Institutional that is done for the most part as well, and its going to pay off in the quarters to come. So were early in that journey. But I like what the team is doing in repositioning itself for a new industry, which I believe is going to be better after that whole phase than it was even before.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
John McNulty: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. And my question is on the global Healthcare & Life Sciences businesses. The margins in the third quarter were in the single digits. They spiked back up to mid-teens. And then again, this quarter, they are back down into the single digits. So can you help us to understand whats driving the big volatility that weve seen there over the past few quarters in what I would assume is normally a pretty stable business. And then I guess to one of the points you brought up earlier, you indicated that youre looking to strengthen the core of the specific healthcare side of Healthcare & Life Sciences. I guess can you flesh that out a little bit? Does that include potentially M&A? Or is it really just internal self-help? I guess how should we think about that.
Christophe Beck: Good question, John. So Healthcare & Life Sciences, its 1 group, but its two very different businesses as we both know. One is doing really well Ecolab Life Science and the other one, not so much. And Ive been very Ive spoken about my view on the performance of this business and my commitment to improve it. So when you talk about volatility of earnings in Healthcare, while were talking about the small base, unfortunately, a small dollar variances have a big percentage variances as well. So its kind of a good bad problem, but its still a problem that I have here. As mentioned before, Healthcare is 5% of the company. Im glad that 95% of the company is doing quite well. So I want to make sure that Healthcare gets to a better place by driving the three things I mentioned before, so the cost structure, making sure we refocus on our institutional-like business, disinfection prevention and third, to your point, so strengthening the core. Overall, Healthcare is not going to get bigger for the company in the years to come. So to answer your question on the M&A piece. But we will keep working on adding new offering, new expertise, new capability. I want to make sure that the future is going to be focused on a business that we truly understand the business that we know how to make money, which is the closest to the institutional business where you have kind of a dish machine at the core of what it is. So more to come, I will share with you along the journey, what were doing and what we will be doing, but you will see a change of performance in 2023.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Hi, good afternoon.
Christophe Beck: Good afternoon.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Hey, Christophe, can you talk a little bit about whether youre seeing any tangible results yet from splitting the sales and services role within the Institutional segment? It seems like a pretty big difference from the way you guys have operated from before, and Im not sure if takes a while to see results, if youre actually seeing the results right now, when you would expect to see a significant change? Maybe you could just flesh that out a little.
Christophe Beck: Yes. Thank you, Shlomo. So its a change that weve initiated in 2021, if I remember right. So its been quite a while ago. Its something that we have been preparing very carefully. Its a large business. Its a successful business in an industry that is changing and that will be changing in the future. So its combining repositioning towards what our customers truly need while making sure that were improving the performance our overall business. And thats why were doing that in a very careful, thoughtful manner. I might be taking a bit more time than some would wish. But I want to make absolutely sure that Institutional after that cycle is in a better place than it was pre-COVID or pre cycle. This is my objective number one. And as mentioned before, when you look at the numbers I mentioned on restaurant with traffic in dining down 30% and our own sales up to 12% versus 2019. So precycle as well, same on hotels, as mentioned before as well, is showing that were gaining share. At the same time, our margins are improving as well, so in that business. So the fact of splitting sales and service has reached or is reaching because were still on that path, our two objectives. The first one is to gain share, as mentioned before, so we did. And second is to reduce our cost because we have a service organization that is really organized in order to have the best performance in serving and servicing our customers. And when you look at the cost structure that we have in Institutional, its improving as well. So, we get both. Gain share in our end markets and at the same time, reduction of our cost structure that leads to better performance for the business. So, work in progress, but I like where we are going here.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Wittmann with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Wittmann: Great. Thanks for taking my question. I guess Christophe, I had a question about the gross margin. You talked about you are targeting getting back to the prior gross margins and eventually even exceeding that. I guess with  the business mix has changed over the recent years, certainly, in the waning days of your energy ownership, it was weighing on margins. Purolite goes the opposite way. Thats a very high margin  gross margin business. So, I guess I dont know what the target gross margin to get back to the prior levels is, and I was hoping you could kind of clarify what that gross margin is that would be equivalent on todays mix of business to kind of where it was pre-inflation or pre-COVID, if you understand what I am asking here?
Christophe Beck: I think so, Andy. So, what we have said is that we want to reach first our 20% operating income margin. And we have been pretty clear of that. Thats where we want to get to, the quicker, the better, and thats not the sound barrier, once we reach that, its to keep going further after that. So, to your point, yes, job one is to recover the margins that have lost over the past 2 years during this inflationary time. Thats always been true. As you know, in the past, we get dollars first, we get margin second. Its lasted longer this time because inflation was way higher than what it is today mentioning earlier as well on that call, so 27% in 22, only, which adds to 20% as well, so in 21 of delivered product cost inflation as well that we had to face as a company. Well, its taking a bit more time because its longer and deeper, but we will get back to where we used to be, and we will expand from there. The second thing or third thing is the business portfolio, as you mentioned. Well, on one hand, Institutional saw  was the most behind after COVID, just the fact of having Institutional recovering will help our gross margin and operating income margin as well as a company. And thats an old business kind of performing better in the future. Thats not the new thing. On top of it, yes, you have businesses like life sciences that are above the average of the company that are growing fast as well at the same time, thats going to help further. So, overall, good pricing work, delivered product cost that hopefully is going to ease, but I am not expecting to turn negative anytime soon and certainly not in 2023. Portfolio thats going to keep improving, innovation thats always above the companys average. And last but not least, the new businesses like life sciences that are going to contribute. So, we are going to get back to where we used to be in terms of margin, and we will keep expanded from there in order to get to the 20% OI margin I talked about.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Connors with Northcoast Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Ryan Connors: Hi. Thank you. Good afternoon. I know you have indicated its not necessarily a needle mover in the near-term, but I wondered if you could give us any update on the rollout of the Home Depot initiative and how thats tracking relative to your expectations?
Christophe Beck: Great question. Thank you, Ryan. Yes. Its not our biggest business, obviously. But its quite a fascinating journey because we all see obviously, those products when we get to the stores of Home Depot. I hope Ryan that you participated as well, so to our new venture here. Its been a great story over the last few months. Its early. We started in January. Home Depot had their market manager conference a month ago with 5,000 people, the number one innovation was our rollout of the Ecolab products that we do exclusively for them. So, its a big deal for the Home Depot. And its an interesting deal for us. We take it extremely seriously. We have a great team after it. We are doing it very thoughtfully. We are trying to learn as much as we can with the consumers, what the pros since its the main focus of that whole business are looking for as well, so far, so good. Every week, we track the progress, and its been a remarkable progress week-after-week without disclosing numbers that need to be Home Depots numbers, obviously here. I like where we are going. Its not going to move the needle for the company in 23. But down the road, I think its going to be a nice growth engine for the company.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Laurence Alexander: Good afternoon. Just a follow-up on your discussion around sort of the pricing environment, particularly in a more inflationary environment. As you have done experiments around the world, do you get a sense that your ability to take share and your pricing initiatives have kind of a linear relationship, or is there kind of a non-linear kind of breakpoint where if you push too hard, the share gains really deflate very quickly. Just can you give a sense for how you see the customer psychology playing out based on what you have seen over the last couple of years?
Christophe Beck: We havent felt any elasticity issue, which is a good news. And the reason why is because our focus is really making sure that at the end of the day, the customer is better off. Even if it takes us more time, more effort to get to the right place, we want to do it in a way that we can keep the customer for life, which is the mantra that we have in our company. Its not to win a quarter, its to win a lifetime together with our customers and many of them we have had for decades as you know as well. So, we start focused on creating even more value for customers. And honestly, we have discovered ultimately value that we have been creating for customers that we have not been merchandising as well as we should have in the past because pricing was not such a big deal. In the past, well, it has been an argument in order to get a bigger share of what we were creating as well, but always making sure that the return for the customer remains very strong. This eROI of 25% return for the customer is our mantra. Its not always the same for every customer, everywhere around the world. But its showing that its pretty high from a return perspective. This is good for us. This is good for the customer. And ultimately, its good for our share gains as well because when customer get better outcomes both from a product perspective and from a performance perspective as well, while reducing their impact on the environment, well, they want to buy more. So, this is helping us as well gain further share. So overall, I think its been a very positive journey for everyone. Its been a learning process, and its always a painful process to learn. But at the end of the day, its been good for everyone.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes. Good afternoon. Christophe, would you comment on your volume experience in the life sciences business in the quarter as well as what you think it might be for the year. Reason I ask is on Slide #10, you cite sales growth of 10%, including robust pricing, which seems to imply that there wasnt as much volume, and I found that to be counterintuitive following the capacity expansions you have done in the U.S. and UK. So, just wondering if there is anything anomalous there with regard to the comparison or customer behavior, if you could help us put that in context. Thank you.
Christophe Beck: No, in general, its been a very good story. Its not going to be every quarter the same because in Life Science, obviously, where half is our Purolite business. We are building new foundations. We are expanding the capacity, as you mentioned before, we are investing as well in the team that requires time to do it very thoughtfully. But when I look at the capacity build, we are exactly on schedule. Its going really well. We are learning while we are doing it. But for the most part, its going well. When I look at the whole new business generation, good progress being made here as well at the same time and driving it towards customers, so it takes time for us to do it really, really well. We had as well that shift, obviously, so from pricing to new business, which impacted as well. Life sciences, good on margin and its a shift thats required in order to get more volume going forward. But the stores are aligning very nicely in this overall life science business. I like a lot where we are going. Long-term, its not going to be every quarter the same as mentioned a little bit early on, but the trajectory, very good, very promising, and we are going to do that really well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Byrne with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Byrne: Yes. Thank you. So, what would do you attribute the primary driver of the new business wins in water? And I say that not beyond  not discarding the effort that your sales force is putting in. But is this new customers, or is this expanded treatment for existing customers, is there something particularly driving it such as increased regulatory or legal scrutiny on your customers?
Christophe Beck: Yes. Steve, its mainly three things. Some of those you have just mentioned, obviously, so a good business doing really well and that keeps improving, so a very good story. It is the leading water business in the world, so enjoying a very special situation in the industry, even though we are small versus the whole market that we are serving. But the three main drivers of growth. The first one is we are trying to focus as much as we can towards the end markets that are growing the fastest. When we think about data centers, for instance, people dont think data centers mean a lot of water, well, they use a huge amount of water. And thats driven by cloud consumption, obviously, by the high-tech companies and have all made commitments to get to net zero in the foreseeable future for the most part in 2030. Well, thats growing fast because the industry is growing fast and at the same time, they are trying to get less water consumption, well, thats a double win for us. Think about microelectronics as well require a lot of ultrapure water. Its a fantastic business. So, for us, well, thats driving growth as well at the same time it can be as well more traditional businesses like mining, as I mentioned before as well, a huge amount of water thats being required. We have shifted years back way, thank God, from the coal business towards fertilizers and premium high-tech materials like copper and nickel, all related to renewable EV technology. Well, thats driving very nice growth as well. So, we are, first and foremost, an end-market focused thats helping us drive growth. The second is most of our customers have made commitments in terms of carbon and water. And they all have  or most of them have a hard time so to get to their commitment. We are best positioned to help them get to where they want to be, the right way, which means while saving money as well at the same time, we dont believe in the green premium. We believe in the green benefit, and thats the way we are partnering with our customers. Well, thats driving more demand for what we are doing. And last not least is innovation. We keep innovating in our water business in a remarkable way, especially on the digital front, which is high margin. By the way, its something thats connecting our customers as well, increases the stickiness as well of the relationship, but all for the right reasons, obviously. So, if you think in terms of end markets, in terms of what we do for customers to reach the sustainable commitments and third, innovation, well, those are the three main drivers for our water success.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you. Christophe, I just wanted to follow-up on delivered product costs. I heard you earlier in the call, say that they would be up for all of 2023. And I am wondering, if you can just disaggregate them a little bit. I believe there is some labor included in your delivered product costs as well as freight. I am assuming labor is up. Freight, I would think, would be down. And I know you buy 10,000 raw materials, but I would think as we move through this year, we have  shouldnt we be heading into a deflationary environment for your actual raw materials, or do I have this wrong?
Christophe Beck: So, a few elements, Vincent, here. So, labor is not in delivered product costs for us. So, thats outside those numbers that we have always been talking about and that I have been talking about as well, but just maybe a comment on labor and wages. I feel really good with how we have been able to manage that. The fact that we have had very high retention of our team has helped us as well to keep our labor cost within a good framework ultimately and driven by the digital automation. As mentioned before, we managed to drive the productivity that you have seen as well in our numbers. So, on the labor side and wages, I feel really good. When we talk about the delivered product cost, which is ultimately raw materials, freight/logistics and technology, dispensing equipment and all of that that we are bringing to our customers as well, thats what we mean. We delivered product costs and that you see in our numbers that represent roughly a third of our sales. Overall, I wish you were right, Vincent, that it would turn negative. It will not in 23. The question is only, so how much is it going to ease. As mentioned a little bit earlier on the call, we had an overall increase of delivered product costs of 27% in 2022. We had a further increase of 9% in the first quarter of this year. So, better than the increases we have seen in the past, but still an increase. And I hope that in the next two quarters, this rate of increase will ease, but we do not expect that its going to cross the zero line to become negative in the quarters to come. And well, when it comes and if it comes earlier, Vincent, will take it. But this is not what we are seeing right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much. Good afternoon. Christophe, I think lets go to the pest category, one segment, two questions. The momentum has been really, really strong there. We have seen margin expansion. Some of the reference in the releases is about innovation and competitive advantages. I was hoping you can elaborate on that a little bit. And the second part of the question is, it was cited unfavorable mix was one of the headwinds in the segment? I am just curious if you could share a little bit about what that means. Thank you.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Scott. You know that the other segment is a little bit of a weak combination of things because you have our pest elimination business, we have our textile care business in there, and we have our colloidal technologies business. Three business stories that have nothing to do together, but at on a whole part of one same segment for simplicity reasons. So, when we talk about the mix, its the growth mix of those three businesses that are very different. Colloidal is very related to microelectronics, which is very different than what we do in textile, which is very different than what we do in pest elimination. But the biggest business by far in that segment is pest elimination, which is doing extremely well. Its an unbelievable team with great positions on the market that delivered 14% growth globally, 19% in North America. Thats been a great journey over the past few years. Its true today, and its going to be true tomorrow. The big reasons for that as mentioned are our great team, great position in a few markets where we have very good strong positions. We are very focused on commercial. So, we have no residential business, as you probably know, as well in there, so a very pure play in what we are doing here. And in terms of innovation, well, without going too much in detail here, we have millions of traps that we need to serve, obviously in the world in order to get the job done well. You can imagine that there is a lot that we could automate in here with the vast capabilities that we have in digital in the company. Thats a primary area where we could improve the work we do and making sure that we send our teams whether its truly something to do and not just to go and check in places not knowing if there is some pest activity as well in that location. So, combining the two great business, great performance, great positions with the innovation, especially in digital capabilities that we have I think the pest is not only to a great here, but an even better future with all thats being done. So, a good contributor of the performance of the company for 23.
Operator: And Mr. Hedberg, there are no further questions at this time. And now I would like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Andy Hedberg: Thank you. That wraps up our first quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated discussion slides will be made available for replay on our website. Thank you for your time and participation. And I hope everyone has a great rest of your day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude todays teleconference. You may disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-14 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ecolab's Fourth Quarter 202 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions].  It's now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andy Hedberg, Vice President, Investor Relations for Ecolab. Mr. Hedberg, you may now begin.
Andrew Hedberg: Thank you, and hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's fourth quarter conference call. With me today are Christophe Beck, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO; and Scott Kirkland, our CFO. A discussion of our results, along with our earnings release and slides referencing the quarter's results are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements in these materials, which state that this teleconference and the associated supplemental materials include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the Risk Factors section in our most recent Form 10-K and in our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Christophe Beck for his comments.
Christophe Beck: Thank you so much, Andy, and welcome to everyone. Our team delivered a strong fourth quarter, and honestly, even slightly better than I would have predicted. The milder winter in Europe certainly helped, but most importantly, our team executed very well in a macro environment that was far from ideal. Organic sales grew 12%, with good momentum across all segments. Industrial grew 14%, Institutional & Specialty grew 11%, Healthcare & Life Sciences got back to growth, delivering 7% organic, and Pest Elimination remains very strong, growing 10%. Volumes outside Europe remained stable year-over-year, while our total pricing continued to accelerate from 12% in the third quarter to 13% in the fourth quarter. All this contributed to a strong 14% adjusted fixed currency operating income growth even as we experienced the expected peak in delivered product cost inflation, which reached 43% over the last two years in the fourth quarter. This led to adjusted EPS getting very close to last year's $1.28 EPS, while mitigating $0.10 of currency headwinds or 8 percentage year-over-year headwind to adjusted EPS growth. Since the initial impact from the war in Europe, we have delivered consistent operating performance improvement quarter after quarter. And as mentioned during the last earnings call, this is the path we expected to stay on for the quarters to come.  We're entering '23 with a reasonable level of confidence. While we would have lost most of our $1.3 billion of earnings in 2022 to cost inflation, we have rebuilt almost all of it within the same year. This demonstrates the true earnings power of our value proposition and the strong momentum we have in margin rebuild. Most importantly, our shift to offense, which is where Ecolab is at its best, is also showing some very encouraging signs of progress. Our net new business pipeline reached record high at the end of last year as what we offer. Water, energy and labor savings while delivering the best and safest outcomes in the industries we serve around the world continues to grow in importance to our customers. And we expect this trend to continue to strengthen. On the other hand, our view on the macro environment remains unchanged. We still expect inflation to remain high well into the year, interest rates to move higher and have an increasing impact on demand in most markets, and geopolitics in Europe, China and now in the Middle East to remain unpredictable. Nevertheless, we feel ready. In '23, we, therefore, expect to deliver double-digit adjusted operating income growth and adjusted earnings growth that keeps accelerating towards our low double-digit historical performance. This includes an approximate 7% year-over-year unfavorable earnings headwind from higher interest expense and FX in 2023. For the first quarter, we feel even more confident and are ready to resume quarterly guidance. We expect our strong top line momentum to continue and to deliver adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.82 to $0.90 compared to $0.82 a year ago. This includes an approximate 15% year-over-year earnings headwind from higher interest expense and FX. And finally, while this is a period of caution, we have a positive outlook on where we're headed. Over the last two years, our expertise grew as we focused on supporting our team and on developing strong new innovation. Our retention rates remain high as we protected our customers from supply shortages. Our margin started to recover as we drove pricing in thoughtful ways, while increasing customer value, helping to drive a strong acceleration in operating income. We remain prepared for softening market trends in Europe by accelerating the productivity improvements we had planned for future years. We are adjusting Institutional to winning the new reality, and we're beginning to reposition Healthcare for profitable growth. as we promised. We will also keep investing in our major engines of high profitable growth like water that delivered 14% organic sales growth in the last quarter, and Life Sciences that accelerated to 18% in Q4. Additionally, Pure Lite, we started its expansion exactly as expected with new capacity coming online, helping to drive a very strong acceleration in sales, with operating income margins north of 30%. We remain good stewards of capital by continuing to invest in the business, increasing our dividend, reducing our leverage and returning cash to shareholders as we've always done. And most importantly, with the best team, science and capabilities in the industry, we're ready to grow our share of high-quality $152 billion market, and our future has never looked brighter. I look forward to your questions.
Andrew Hedberg: Thanks, Christophe. That concludes our formal remarks. As a final note, before we begin Q&A, we plan to hold our annual tour of our booth at the National Restaurant Association show in Chicago on Monday, May 22. If you're interested in attending or have any questions, please contact my office. Operator would you please begin the question-and-answer period?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Tim Mulrooney with William Blair.
Timothy Mulrooney: Good afternoon, Christoph, Scott and Andy. Thanks for taking my questions. So the first one, unsurprisingly, on gross margin. I mean, they were down year-over-year, but that contractions continued to narrow for a few quarters now. Based on what you're seeing in your pricing outlook and inflationary cost inputs, when would you expect gross margin to inflect into positive expansion territory? And the same question goes for OI margin given some of the productivity gains that we're seeing.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Tim. So let me start with what we've done in 2022 because margins, gross margins and OI margins were our number one focus for the full year. And as I've mentioned in my remarks as well, so we were facing headwinds that were equivalent to our net income, so close to $1.3 billion. And we've been able to rebuild most of it within the same year, so which is really showing the earnings power that we have as a model and as a company. So I'm confident that we will rebuild our margins to where they were, and we will expand from there as we've done many times in our history as well. So if I look at our OI margin in Q4, they turned almost positive. They were slightly still down in the fourth quarter. So that's a good sign, obviously, of where we're trending. Our OI growth, organic, was up 10% as well. So if we look at the trajectory, we're in a fairly good place.  So if I look at '23, we have some good momentum. Pricing keeps accelerating. Productivity is in a good place as well, and we'll see what happens, obviously, so with inflation. Q1 should be a continuation of the OI growth, which means that OI will keep improving as well in the first half. So I think that it's going to turn positive in the first half of '23. And gross margin will probably follow in the second half of the year. It's not going to happen on July 1, but it's going to happen sometime in the second half.
Timothy Mulrooney: Got it. Very clear. Thank you. Just as a brief follow-up, I saw an announcement recently, you're launching a consumer retail product line with Home Depot, I think. Can you just talk about what drove that decision to expand into this channel? And what the margin profile looks like if it's materially different than your institutional margins?
Christophe Beck: I would love to, Tim. So first, it's not a consumer brand. It's a brand that's aimed at pros as their Home Depot also calls them. It's mostly cleaning contractors. That's the vast majority of the customers buying this range, which is an end market that we never really addressed in the past because we go through service and distribution as we've done so for 100 years. So it was a white space, basically for us, again, focused on pros, not really on consumers. We have the best partner ever with the Home Depot to do that as well. So we'll see how big it's going to churn, but we're quite bullish about what that could deliver in the years to come.
Timothy Mulrooney: Got it. Thank you. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Seth Weber with Wells Fargo Securities.
Seth Weber: Hey, good morning everybody. I wanted to ask about the new cost program. How should we think about the cadence on that flowing through? And more importantly, are those savings meant to be permanent? Or will those costs come back if volumes get better?
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Seth. Maybe just a few comments from me and then I'll pass it to Scott, who will give you a little bit more details on that. I'd like, first and foremost, to say that, for us, productivity is an outcome of momentum. So sales, innovation, pricing, this is the best way, obviously, to drive productivity, as we've done over the past few years, and we'll continue to do it as well in the future.  Now to the programs, it's really so to focus on individual businesses or markets, as we've disclosed, our Europe program. So during the last quarter, and now to be more focused on two businesses that we need to address, Institutional because the market has changed. We're in a good place, but market has evolved, and we need to evolve here, and Healthcare because we need to bring that business back to profitable growth since it's been a challenge, so for many, many years. But I'd like to pass it to Scott to give you some more color on that.
Scott Kirkland : Yes. Thanks, Christophe. Thanks for the question, Seth. So just getting to your question about the pacing of the program. And when I talk about the program, I'm talking about the combined $175 million savings program, which includes the announced program we talked about in Q3 as well as the expansion that Christophe talked about, which includes Healthcare and Institutional focus. So the pacing of that $175 million I would expect about 3/4, 75% of it in 2023, and then the remainder in 2024.
Seth Weber: Okay. And is it -- it sounds like those changes are meant to be permanent. So not volume -- if volume comes back, you wouldn't expect those costs to come back then?
Scott Kirkland: Exactly. And as Christophe talked about on Institutional and Healthcare, this is stuff that we're doing on those specific businesses, targeted those businesses. And then on Europe, it's really cleat we had been thinking about for quarters and years to come. And so yes, we will expect to retain those savings.
Seth Weber: Right. Okay. Thank you. And then just a quick follow-up on the Purely. I mean, can you just are the capacity additions done there at this point? And I'm just trying to understand like what the run rate of that business really looks like today? Thank you.
Christophe Beck: Yes, maybe I take that question, Seth. So for the most part it's done, but it's a continuing story. We will be max, as I've mentioned as well in the previous quarter, so a couple of years down the road, again, which is out of a good problem because it's a business that's growing really fast. So it's not going to be done forever, thank God, by the way. But what we've seen in Q4 has been a very strong acceleration of sales. We didn't have pro forma reporting so I don't want to get too much in detail here, but it's been so strong double-digit growth, which is good with margins north of 30%. So the trajectory that we've seen in Q4 is kind of a good indication of what we expect for the future or the near-term future.
Seth Weber: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of John Roberts with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
John Roberts: Thank you. Did the surcharge come down in Europe with the drop in energy prices? And do you have any plans to merge the roll the surcharge, I guess, into the base price at some point here to get back to a simple pricing structure?
Christophe Beck: John. So two parts, a few questions. So first, the surcharge has not come down since we started it on April 1. So generally, so far, so good, no change here. And the second part of your question, yes, we are progressively emerging as much as we can of the surcharge into traditional structural pricing. It's not going to be a 100% game. Every region is in a different place. You mentioned Europe. Every customer is in a different place as well. But generally, we're trying to get everything in traditional pricing going forward.
John Roberts: And then on the Pro So Clean program with Home Depot, will those be identical products to what you distribute through Cisco and others? And will the Ecolab salespeople service customers who buy through Home Depot?
Christophe Beck: So two parts in your question as well here. So the first part, those are different products than what we distribute or through distribution like Cisco. They're really made for smaller cleaning contractors. Those are not concentrated products. Those are ready-to-use products. So for the most part. So they're different, but really so adapted for their needs at the right price point as well.  So no real competition with anyone else out there. And second part of your question, there will be no service to those products. It straight all consumer products as well. But knowing as well that those cleaning contractors sometimes become bigger as well. And those ones who might be shifting towards a service program at some point, which is what we do with Cisco as well as they have their own line like Keystone that we do for them, a non-service, and when customers become bigger, we start to service them. So it's really finding ways to approach every part of the market out there.
John Roberts: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Josh Spector with UBS.
Joshua Spector: Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question. I'm curious if you could talk about your volume expectations in the first quarter. And you mentioned in your prepared remarks, you were surprised some of the performance in the quarter. I wasn't sure if that was volume or something else you were talking about?
Christophe Beck: Yes. Josh, so not surprised. It was in Europe, we were expecting worse situations like everybody else, actually. So the milder winter has been a less negative news generally so for Europe. And we'll take. And I'm not taking it to the bank for '23. We know that in the months to come, the geopolitical situation on the eastern front in Europe could change quite dramatically, but I'm not going to make any prediction in here. We'll take the trajectory as it is right now. But generally, so for the whole company, what you've seen in Q4, with volumes so fairly stable, excluding Europe, is what I'm expecting more or less in '23 as well. I think the environment is going to soften generally with interest rates going up in the U.S. and in Europe. That's the whole intent of rising interest rates, obviously. But the shift that we've made to offense a few months back, as I've mentioned, so it's driving some very positive results in terms of new business, which, I think, should mitigate the further softening of the demand out there. So what we've seen in Q4, I think, is a good indication of what we could see in '23.
Joshua Spector: Thanks. And just a follow-up on the cost reductions, and specifically institutional. I guess when adjusting to the current environment, I mean is that restaurants and takeout or something different? And what does that mean in terms of volume recovery potential?
Christophe Beck: Great question. So Institutional is in a good place. As a business, we love that business. That's where we came from. It's a highly profitable business. We have great position. And I think it's going to be a great business for the future as well. So here's the situation. So I would say it's our north of 19%, so which is good. Our margins are not there yet, which is the opportunity that we have we need to adjust.  Now the market has changed because of the return to office, because of what you're saying as well, the people are ordering online, using takeout as well much more than they did before, it's translating to the dine-in traffic, so people sitting in a restaurant down 30% versus 2019. That's a fact that we all need to live with. It's not the demand reduction that we are seeing in our own business, but it has gone down.  So we have the same amount of work because we have a similar amount of customers out there for a demand that is slightly lower. So we need to adjust for that. So what we're doing is doing two things. On one hand, and we started that over the past 12, 18 months, it's not totally new. We're just accelerating that program right now. On one hand, it's to have a dedicated sales organization that drives new units and increased penetration, and the second service organization that drives productivity in order to reduce our cost structure as well, and that's where our program is directly focused on.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you. Good afternoon. Christoph, maybe if you could just help us with your the price increase and also the raw material increase assumptions you made for '23. And then the 13% in the fourth quarter is obviously very strong, like how sustainable is the key is that versus whatever you're expecting for the [indiscernible]?
Christophe Beck: Well, two parts of your questions. So first, the delivered product cost inflation outlook, and then pricing, which obviously both are driving our margins. Starting with the market that we can't influence, obviously, but the way we look at it from our perspective in 2023, it will keep going up, but at a lower rate than what we've seen in 2022. So it's not that our delivered product cost is going to get cheaper, it's going to increase less fast than what it did in 2022. So that's the first part. And obviously, things can move one way or the other depending on what's happening in the world. But that's the middle of the road that we've taken. Inflation staying high as a rate for longer well into 2023, as I've mentioned as well during the past call. Now on the pricing piece, we remain focused on pricing. We will have carryover in '23 coming so from '22. We expect half of it, so to be strictly carry over into '23. And we will keep pricing further as we've always done as a company, and we'll keep doing going forward in order to recover and expand our margins. Wait will net out, we will see, but that's how we're estimating basically our sequential progressive earnings improvement quarter after quarter into '23.
Manav Patnaik: Okay. That's helpful. And then you talked about often couple times in the call. Just the cost reductions that you're making, which categories, I guess, are you doing the headcount reductions? And I guess the question is more tied to, are you beefing up your sales force had a faster equip maybe?
Christophe Beck: So when we talk about the beefing up our sales force, they're not all created equal. We have the high-growth businesses like Life Science, Purelite Hightech, those ones are clearly being fueled, and we add people, we add investments for those ones because we know it's driving so high profitable growth.  And we have, on the other side of the spectrum, other ones where we need to do some work. Healthcare being one of the examples because it's $1 billion business, that's not making much money as we know. So we'll have to work on cost efficiencies, including in our sales structure as well, but all done with a long-term view of building profitable growth business. So when we talk about cheap to offense, this is, by far, the number one priority that we have as an organization for '23. It's about new business, Manav. You're familiar with that, and we had some very good results in Q4. It's about innovation. The Home Depot that we talked about is a good example as well and fueling the high-growth businesses, as I just mentioned. So it's what we're really good at. It's what the organization loves doing. And while we do that, we'll stick as well, so new to pricing because we need to get our margins back to where they used to be and expand further, and third, we will address those programs, as mentioned. But in a real surgical way, this is not going to be our main priority in '23.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Mike Harrison with Seaport Research Partners.
Michael Harrison: Hi, good afternoon. Christophe, I was wondering if you could give a little bit more color on how you're thinking about the earnings cadence in 2023? You talk about getting to an EPS low double-digit growth rate later in the year. But if I look at your guidance for Q1, the top end of that range is already kind of a 9% to 10% growth rate. So maybe just help us understand how you expect the year to play out. And maybe what are some of the key drivers that could lead you to be maybe towards the higher end or lower end of that outlook?
Christophe Beck: So a few parts to your question. But generally, no change versus what we said, what I said during the third quarter call, and now in our release and in my remarks as well in the fourth quarter. The way we look at the outlook hasn't changed. We've decided to provide a formal guidance for the first quarter because we see pretty clearly what's happening, or more clearly than what we've seen in the past. We're not providing formal guidance for the full year yet. It will come at some point, obviously, here, but it's two parts, so for Q1 and for the full year. Now as I've mentioned, so we expect continued sequential improvement as you've seen as well in '22 by the way. So Q3 was a nice improvement versus Q2. Q4 was a nice improvement versus Q3. And Q1 is going to head in the same direction of being a further improvement as well, and that's what we're providing with the range.  That's going to continue in the quarters to come, driven by the momentum that we have, the pricing that we've done and we'll keep doing, obviously, the productivity that we've done and we'll keep doing as well so going forward, which will lead to an operating income growth that's going to be in the double-digit range, which will drive so operating income margin turning positive sometime in the first half and the gross margin some time as well in the second half. That leads to an EPS improvement quarter-after-quarter, keeping in mind that we have headwinds in FX and interest, $0.30, as we've mentioned, half of it in the first quarter as well. So you will see continued improvement quarter-after-quarter. And then the question, when do we get to the low double-digit traditional Ecolab performance? I said during the last call, it's going to happen sometime during the second half with everything I know today, everything I see today, I think that's probably going to happen in the fourth quarter.
Michael Harrison: All right. And then a quick question on the Water business, particularly the downstream portion. I was just hoping to understand the additives impact that you called out in the prior year. Were those sales kind of onetime in nature? And I guess is that the main reason that volumes aren't looking better in that downstream business as we're seeing some improvement in refinery utilization rates?
Christophe Beck: That's exactly right. You gave the answer. It's one time in nature. It's depending on where the crude is coming from as well, so sometimes they need additives and sometimes they don't need. That's not under our control, that's our customers' control whether they need additives or not depending on where they're buying the crude from. On the other hand, the water business in general is doing really well. So it's close to 2.5% volume in that business, a 14% total growth as well in the fourth quarter. So water is in a very good place, downstream being this special case in additive, as you've mentioned, with the one timers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Christophe, just on your cost inflation in '23. Is it primarily wage inflation and for raws this year? Are you expecting raws to be actually down year-over-year for you guys?
Christophe Beck: No, we don't. Dave, we expect, as mentioned before, that our costs are going to keep going up as they did in '22, the rate is going to be lower what we've seen -- the rate of increase is going to be lower than what we've seen in 2022, but our delivered product cost is going to keep rising in 2023. The wage part is a minimal part of it. It's going to contribute to an increase in cost. That's always the case every single year, obviously. So that's not exactly material, but that's going to go up as well and all parts of the outlook that I described before.
David Begleiter: So on that note, which raws are you seeing the most inflation right now year-over-year and through the rest of the year, just some raw materials specifically?
Christophe Beck: We buy 10,000 different raw materials. So that's going to be hard for me, David, to go in all details. But the truth is that most of them keep going up, some are more extreme than others. The caustic in Europe, went up 90%, for instance, lately. So those are things that we need to deal with. And everything else is between 0, slightly negative, but nothing much negative, 200% plus like the caustic take that I mentioned before, so being close to the 100% here. So not an exact answer to your question, but it will be hard with the thousands of customers -- of our commodities that we're buying out there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Thanks very much. Historically, Ecolab has raised prices about 1% or 1.5% per year in that its rate of inflation and costs has been pretty low. But over time, there's much less commodity production in China, and domestic producers of chlorine and caustic soda are operating their businesses differently. So as a base case, are your expectations that annual price increases for Ecolab are no longer in the 1% to 1.5% range, but maybe now we're more 2% to 3%? And your customers understand that, if that's true?
Christophe Beck: It's a great question, Jeff. The short answer is, we can deliver more pricing than what we've done in the past. We've learned that over the past few years. And our teams has built as well so new capability during that time because we had to, and we wanted to do it in a way that was thoughtful and smart with our customers as well. And the fact that our retention rates have remained almost unchanged during that remarkable time is a good indication. We've gained customers during that time, and we keep gaining customers.  The big difference beyond the capability that we are improving within our team, Jeff, is the fact that we've become much, much better at documenting the value, the savings that we are providing our customers with our service, how much we can deliver for them in the years to come as well. We've become much better at that. We can document it. We can share it with customers. We can make sure that we align on those numbers as well, and we have a discussion ultimately on what's our share of that savings that we have delivered for our customers. It's been at the core of the way we've been selling for 100 years. We've never brought it to such a high level than the past 18 months, and that's going to help us get more pricing in the future. What's going to be the exact range, Jeff, I don't know yet, but it's going to be higher than where we were before.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: And maybe quickly for Scott, are you -- it looks to me like your inventories are maybe $150 million too high. What will working capital be as a source of cash in 2023?
Scott Kirkland: Yes, Jeff, thanks for the question. We certainly have seen throughout the year, working capital increased in both because of inventories as well as just because of the sales growth with this very high pricing. And again, we expect higher pricing next year relative to history, as Christophe and you had talked about. And so the inventory was, again, very specific decision as we dealt with the supply chain -- supply chain constraints around the world, and to make sure that we can get products to our customers, help our customers and with that made a very intentional decision.  So now as we've seen the supply chain constraints ease a bit, then we will start working our inventory in DOH levels down. And so certainly, I wouldn't expect the same level from inventory in 2023 as we head in 2022. But at the same time, we are going to continue with having very high sales growth, and so you will have some natural drag there.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Christopher Parkinson with Mizuho.
Christopher Parkinson : Thank you so much. Christophe, you hit on a little bit on the volume trends in the water segment. I was wondering if you could just parse down a little -- go down a little bit more between just the trends in light, heavy and mining, and how you see those evolving throughout the year? Thank you.
Christophe Beck: So it seems like your question is focused on the Industrial segment here?
Christopher Parkinson : Right.
Christophe Beck: Good. So generally, industrial is in a good place, not because the market is booming, and we know that interest rates are going to soften the demand. So that's our base case of saying our general demand like-for-like same-store sales is going to go down. So we will need to drive our own growth through new business innovation, in new end markets and so on, as we've done as well in the past.  Industrial is in a very solid place, in a very good trajectory in terms of margins as well. So it's doing that balancing act of making sure that we can drive pricing, getting the right margins driven by value, as I mentioned to Jeff as well before, while we drive the new business with the shift offense, which I like a lot because it's ultimately where our teams want to focus the time. It's where we are best at and what we love most doing. So generally, industrial is going to keep being in a good place and some quarters will be a little bit lower in volumes and some will be a little bit higher, but generally in a very good place.
Christopher Parkinson : Just a quick follow-up on Pest Elimination, it seems like your market share gains, I mean, obviously, coming out of COVID is a bit difficult, but it seems like your market share gains are beginning to reaccelerate. Can you just confirm that and talk about how your innovation in that segment is going to further drive, and whether or not you're interested in further M&A? Thank you.
Christophe Beck: It's a great business. It's been a great business for a long time, and I'm a fan of that business going forward. I can't comment on the M&A side, obviously. But generally, it's a business that has done very well during the COVID times and has done very well in the years after that as well, a very nimble business, very strong leadership team, unique market positions as well, and we see that in the 10% growth that they've delivered in the fourth quarter as well. And I expect them to continue to do so. When I think in terms of innovation here, they're starting to provide disinfection services for their customers as well, which, I think, is going to be a very promising proposition. It's a good complement to what our teams are doing so right now as well. So strong business, with strong margin, with the highest return on invested capital because there's almost no capital involved, obviously, in that business, then driven by good innovation for the future. So great story that's going to keep staying great.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital Markets. Proceed to your question.
Ashish Sabadra: Thanks for taking my question. I was just wanted to drill down further on the first quarter EPS guidance and follow up on a prior question that range seems pretty wide. What are the key factors which takes you to the top or the bottom end of the range? Is it more volume, raw material or below-the-line items?
Christophe Beck: It's a good question. So, for Q1, the range we provided is reasonably consistent with what we've done in the past when we were providing guidance as well. The inflation component of the delivered product cost is the timing that we cannot manage. Obviously, that's market depending. That's probably the main driver for the minimum or the maximum of the range as well in here. But we're getting close to the end of the first quarter, obviously, as we speak.  So, we have a reasonable view on how it's going to end. But in a month, a lot of things can happen. Last year, I was pretty confident in the first quarter and the way it started. At the end of February, we had one month to go, and we had to deal with that. It's those external factors are driving ultimately the range that we're providing for the first quarter, as for every quarters in the past.
Ashish Sabadra : That's very helpful color. And then good to see that strong momentum in the business as well. Maybe just a quick question on the National Restaurant Association. I was just wondering, from a preview perspective, can you provide any color on new innovations that we can potentially expect at that event? Thanks.
Christophe Beck : It's a great business, as mentioned before. We've been in that business for 100 years. Today, we've been successful. We have great positions. We are a very close partner to most of the restaurant and hotel companies around the world.  So, I'm very bullish about the future of that business. That being said, as mentioned before, we need to adjust as well because the market has evolved from dining in a restaurant versus taking out from a restaurant as well. We need to adjust. We've done that in the past. We need to do it today. That's going to take some time, but we're going to get in a stronger place as well after that. And in terms of innovation, I think the most important for Institutional is the overall program of Ecolab Science Certified because it's one way of bringing all the solutions that we have, all the innovations that we have for our customers and to really drive full penetration. It's good for us, it's good for the customer, and it's good for the guest ultimately because that's the way that they are the most protected from whatever that can happen, and at the same time, making sure that they have a good experience being in that hotel, that restaurant or that retail store as well. So, if I had to pick one, that would be the most important one.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets. Proceed to your question.
John McNulty: Thanks for taking my question. So, on the Healthcare and Life Sciences business, when I look at the third quarter, you kind of made some comments at the time if this is not acceptable. And literally one quarter later, the segment had earnings that were double. I guess how much of that would you attribute to the Purolite capacity getting unlocked versus some of the changes that you're trying to enact with the sales force, the team, the cost cutting, those types of initiatives. Because it's such a dramatic move, I guess, I'm trying to understand it a little better as to how -- what drove kind of that big improvement?
Christophe Beck : So, two things, John, and very different stories, obviously, so in that segment. Life Science has been in a good place for a long time. They were just lapping against very high numbers during the years prior as well. So, it was more of a year-on-year comp than anything else. And Life Science, as mentioned before, is back to our 18% growth, driving very good earnings as well as they did prior during that comp was an issue and back ultimately to their traditional trajectory. So, life science in a very good place, which you see fully in Q4, and you couldn't see fully in Q3. Second, Purolite, as mentioned many times, so we were capped in terms of how much we could produce until Q4, which limited the growth by definition because we couldn't produce the products that we could sell ultimately. That has created a bump, obviously, in Q4. It's not in our organic numbers by definition, since it's an acquisition, and it's the first year. It's going to change as of Q1.  And then you have Healthcare, totally different story. I like the fact that they're turning slightly to positive growth. The fact that they have made some money, but I'm not getting overly excited with that. It's one quarter, and it's not a dramatic change in that business. On the other hand, I like a lot the efforts that are being made by that team to really drive it back to the performance that it should be from a growth and, most importantly, from a margin perspective. The program we've announced is part of it that will help, obviously, the cost structure.  But at the same time, we know that we need to improve our offering. We need to make sure we focus on the programs that make most sense as well for our customers and for us. So, it's still a long road ahead, but we will get to the right place as I've committed to that.
John McNulty : Got it. And then thinking about the Industrial segment and China. You had lockdowns in, but you had the virus kind of ripped through the country, and that business of yours doesn't tend to be overly economically sensitive, but it is sensitive if plants have to close. I guess how much of a pressure was that in the fourth quarter? And how should we think about how that may snap back?
Christophe Beck : First, China represents 4% of our global business. So, it's hard to be material like Europe would be in our results. We have a good position in China. Our Industrial business is a very strong business. What we do is something that customers and government likes a lot as well. It's about clean water, safe food, preventing infection. It's obviously very important for all of them as well out there.  We've had a decent performance in '22 in China, in Q4 as well. So, its positive growth. It was kind of in the mid-single range in China during the fourth quarter. And well see how Q1 is exactly happening. Theres the new year thats happening during the quarter with the shutdown and reopening. Thats going to be a bit of a messy quarter in China in Q1, but ultimately, I think were going to get back to a good place once this kind of a volatile period is behind us because what we do matters and our team is really strong as well over there.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel. Proceed to your question.
Adam Parrington: This is Adam on for from of Rosenbaum. What tax are you seeing for 2023?
Christophe Beck : Hi, Sam, you talked about the tax, right? I'll give it back to Scott, who is much better than a about that.
Scott Kirkland: Yes, I will cover off on that. Thanks for the question. I expect the rate for 2023 to be slightly higher than this year just due to sort of geographic mix, but right around, call it, 19%.
Adam Parrington : Okay. And how should we think about free cash flow in '23 in light of the restructuring items related to the expanded cost savings program?
Scott Kirkland : Yes. You should think about the free cash flow in 2023 much like we did this year in terms of our historical conversion. Certainly, from a pacing perspective, Q1 will always be lighter, but I would expect the free cash flow for 2023 to be right in that mid-90s conversion on net income.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli of Bally Funds. Proceed to your question.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. One on top -- so we are talking about -- first of all, congratulations on a great quarter and a great year. But we talked about the challenging economic environment currently, and you are beginning to see it. Now what you see if you compare it to what you saw prior to the last recession, are those signs indicating a recession or just a slowdown from where you stand?
Christophe Beck : It's hard to tell. I don't have a clear opinion on whether they're going to be hard landing, soft landing, recession, no recession. We're seeing some softening in the demand of individual customers, so a like-for-like or same-store sales demand from our customers. That's not true in every segment, obviously, but the indication that its softening is there, even though it's very minimal.  So, what we've seen here feels very traditional versus what we've seen in the past. And the shift to offense, which is the typical Ecolab way of responding to it, is going to be the best tool we have to mitigate against that.
Rosemarie Morbelli : Can you tell whether it is -- will demand slow down or whether it is actually destocking?
Christophe Beck : It's probably a combination of both, especially in industrial segment, for hotels and restaurants, they don't have much inventories, distributors. So, it could be the case. Everyone is becoming a bit more cautious. So that has an influence of it. exactly how much, I can't tell, but it's definitely not helping.  So, you have softening of straight demand, reduction of inventories as well at the same time. Even saw a slight impact on the rate of demand. But so far, nothing dramatic, and I feel good with our ship to offense approach because getting new business, driving penetration, getting innovation in the market, well it's what we're good at.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners. Proceed to your question.
Kevin McCarthy: Good afternoon. How would you apportion the $175 million of targeted productivity savings between the Institutional and Healthcare segments?
Christophe Beck : So, let me give you just a few comments, and then I'll pass it as well to Scott. But as you've seen, half of the overall program is in Europe. That's what we've communicated. Well underway on this one. I like the progress that the team is making over there. And the balance of the overall program is mostly Institutional, with Healthcare getting its fair share. But maybe any more comments, Scott?
Scott Kirkland : Yes. No, not a lot to add there, Christophe, exactly that. Certainly, the year program will impact other businesses as well. But certainly, Institutional will have the largest portion of the overall $175 million.
Kevin McCarthy : Okay. And then secondly, if I may, for Scott, if we go back a quarter or so, my recollection is that you anticipated higher pension expense in 2023. Is that still the case? And if it is, how large might that headwind be?
Scott Kirkland : Yes. We do expect some modest headwinds, but we're talking in the sort of $0.05 to $0.06 range. So not overly significant.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Steve Byrne with Bank of America. Proceed to your question.
Steve Byrne: Thank you. If you had to estimate what your raw material costs are to purchase today versus -- so these 10,000 products versus what their average cost would have been in the fourth quarter, what would you estimate that sequential change to be? Now that's just purchasing the products. What would you also estimate the average number of, say, months that raw material is purchased versus when it flows through cost of goods?
Christophe Beck : So, we don't buy any spot price or product at spot price to begin with. So, it's usually contractual. There are some exceptions, but it's not material so it's up, generally, it should be less than a 5% range.
Steve Byrne : I'm sorry, I didn't follow that. You mean what is the less than a 5% range? I'm trying to assess whether there has been a sequential change in your raw material costs?
Christophe Beck : During which -- I want to make sure I understand your question.
Steve Byrne : From just the last quarter to where we are today?
Christophe Beck : Between Q4 and Q3. So overall...
Steve Byrne : Q4 and where we are today, I mean are you seeing anything in recent weeks that is
Christophe Beck : Okay. Got it. You mean today in Q1. The trends, as mentioned before, they keep going up. So just to be very clear. So, in the third quarter, our total costs, as mentioned, were up 30%. They were up in Q4, a little bit less than that. And in Q1, they will be up a little bit less than what we had in Q4, but still up. Did I answer your question like that?
Steve Byrne : Well, I see the year-over-year trend, you're starting to lap higher costs and thus that maybe as part of that decrease. But there's two things here. Our raw material cost is actually starting to deflate. Are you seeing cost deflation? And then how long does it take before that flows through cost of goods because I'm sure there's some of your outlook is just the lag that it takes for the rows to flow through COGS.
Christophe Beck : So, to the lag question, it takes a quarter or two to get through the system generally. Not every product is created equal in here, but I want to be very clear that the increase that we see in Q1 is a net increase, which means that the cost of our delivered product cost is clearly going up as well in Q1 versus what we saw in Q4 in dollar terms as well. So, the cost of what we buy keeps going up, albeit at a lower rate of increase than what we saw in the past few quarters.
Steve Byrne : Okay. And then maybe just one on a potential end market opportunity for you. A lot of industrial companies are getting sued because the products they're selling contains some PFAS. And it's not because they're making stuff out of PFAS, it's in the water. Is that an opportunity for you? Do you have expertise in taking these really, really minute levels of PFAS out of water?
Christophe Beck : Yes. We're probably the most advanced company in the science of water, in mastering water, in managing water. So PFAS is an opportunity that we've been looking at for quite a while. The demand hasn't been as clear as we would wish so far. So, it's something that's going to come at some point, which will be most probably something interesting for us, like microplastic by the way, as well. So, the technology, the science, we have it, we'll be ready when the market is ready to use those solutions.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Proceed to your question.
Vincent Andrews: Thanks. I just have one question left here. In your Downstream segment, you talked about particular strength in the quarter in petrochemicals. And I was just wondering if you could bridge that with the fact that in most cases, particularly in the U.S. and Europe, the petrochemical assets were running at very low operating rates.
Christophe Beck : Yes, we've shifted what we do for petrochemicals, so towards water management, energy footprint reduction, cost reduction, which I think the team did exactly the smart move. Our customers are looking for solutions to reduce their environmental footprint, while reducing their cost as well at the same time.  So even though the utilization rates are going down, so to your point, our business is still in a very healthy place. And I think it's going to keep being good for the years to come.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. Thanks very much Chris.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Proceed to your question.
Scott Schneeberger: Thank you so much. Good afternoon. Following up on an earlier question on the cost savings program you guys shared on Institutional versus Healthcare breakout, I'm just curious, it was originally in Europe, but when you announced in the third quarter and now let's spend to other regions. So, first part of the question, just curious, is this mostly global non-U.S.? How involved is the U.S. with regard to these cost savings plans? And then also, Scott, I guess, specifically for you on this topic, you're going from $80 million savings to $175 million, more than a double with this incremental announcement, yet the costs incurred to enact only go up by about half as much as what it originally cost for the enactment. So just curious how you're able to basically get more leverage off the second iteration? Thanks.
Christophe Beck : So, two parts of your question. I'll let maybe Scott to answer the cost versus savings first, and then I'll build on your question, U.S., non-U.S. So, Scott, first?
Scott Kirkland : Yes. The split of the savings, as you pointed out, certainly, the first program, and this is very consistent with what we've experienced historically with programs where the cost to implement these programs is higher in Europe and then less so in the U.S., just due to the nature of the environment.
Christophe Beck : And maybe to build on that to your question, outside the U.S., it's -- the vast majority is in the U.S. And those are programs we've been working on for quite a while. As mentioned before, so Healthcare is a business that have committed to bring to the right place at the right time as well.  And that's the first step in that direction. And what we've announced is mostly in the U.S. Same for Institutional. This shift from dining in to take out is a shift that has happened mostly in the U.S., and that's where we want to adjust as well.  But I want to be very clear as well that those programs are kind of a surgical way of improving our businesses. The vast majority of our margin and earnings improvement as a company is really sort of keep driving new business, getting pricing right, innovation and productivity as well, while the program is helping us do surgical work where we truly need it in a short period of time.
Scott Schneeberger : Great. Thanks. And a quick follow-up. You've addressed working capital a bit and free cash flow, just curious on CapEx levels this year versus the past and what a normalized level revenue perhaps is a good way to think about that? And going one step further, where the free cash flow might be utilized this year? Thanks.
Scott Kirkland : Yes, sure. I'll talk -- I'll start with your CapEx question and then get to the sort of the capital allocation question next. So, this year, we're at about 5% of sales, which is at the low end of sort of our historical range. Certainly, a couple of years prior to that, below that. And I would expect, in 2023, to get to that sort of close to the middle of that historical range of 5% to 6%. And then as I talk about capital allocation, certainly, we completed our $500 million program share buyback program this year and continued, and we'll be on our 31st year of increasing dividends.  And between the two of those, returned 100% of our free cash flows to shareholders, over $1 billion in 2022. Going forward, I would expect to continue the dividends increase, but continue our consistent principles, which is, first, investing in the business, which includes M&A as well as increasing our dividends, as I mentioned, and then with excess cash looking at share buybacks.
Operator: At this time, we've reached the end of our question-and-answer session, and I'll turn the floor back over to Mr. Hedberg for closing remarks.
Andrew Hedberg: Thank you. That wraps up our fourth quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated discussion slides will be available for replay on our website. Thank you for your time and participation, and I hope everyone has a great rest of your day.
Operator: This will conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-01 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Ecolab's Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andy Hedberg, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Hedberg, you may now begin.
Andy Hedberg: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's third quarter conference call. With me today are Christophe Beck, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO; and Scott Kirkland, our CFO. A discussion of our results, along with our earnings release and slides referencing the quarter's results are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements in these materials, which state that this teleconference and associated supplemental materials include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described under the Risk Factors section in our most recent Form 10-K and in our posted materials. We refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information and release. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Christophe Beck for his comments.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Andy, and welcome to everyone. In Q3, our team delivered another strong quarter, with steady double-digit organic sales growth of 13% and total pricing that accelerated from 9% in the second quarter to 12% in the third. Industrial grew 16% organic, with 15% pricing, and Institutional & Specialty grew 12% organic, with 10% pricing as market stabilized. The Other segment, led by Pest Elimination, continued on its strong trajectory with 13% organic and 7% pricing, and Healthcare and Life Sciences with year-over-year comparisons finally stabilizing, and with Life Sciences clearly leading. Most importantly, accelerating pricing exceeded continued substantial delivered product cost inflation, with the net benefit expanding significantly since the end of the second quarter, which helped further ease year-over-year gross margin pressure. This, along with increased productivity gains, led to renewed positive growth in fixed currency operating income with nice gains in the Industrial, Institutional and Other segments. All in all, a clear and further step on our journey to fully recover our margins and get back to strong and steady earnings growth. With this clear commitment to continuously improve earnings performance, quarter-after-quarter, we have been preparing for an environment where inflation will remain high for longer and interest rates will impact demand. This is especially true in Europe, where the war and the energy crisis are impacting demand and global energy costs. In my view, this is just the beginning, with inflation in Europe at 11% as of yesterday, and natural gas price is 60% higher than a year ago, which is the equivalent to $180 per barrel of oil today with future pointing towards $230 by the end of this year. More importantly, we're taking early action, as we take a realistic view of what's ahead and we continue to expect earnings growth to progressively improve, but at a moderate pace than previously anticipated coming out of Q2. Over the past three years, Europe has become a very strong, successful and critical market for Ecolab, with steady growth, profit margin improvement and the right team to strengthen our market leadership positions. Were therefore entering this European winter with confidence, confidence is not built on hope, but the momentum, actions and exceptional execution led by a great team. We're in a unique situation to accelerate our performance improvements as we've launched a new initiative that will lead to $80 million of annual savings when fully implemented, helping to partly mitigate the negative impact towards short term and improve longer-term performance. This, along with accelerating pricing, new business and productivity gains, is expected to deliver a strong acceleration in operating income growth. The sequentially improving operating performance is expected to be offset by unfavorable impact from currency translation and interest expense, resulting in fourth quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share approaching last year's $1.28. Now more broadly, and with pricing and productivity work showing strong continued momentum and now fully in execution mode, we've clearly shifted our primary focus to offense. We've accelerated new business generation to gain more share. Weve sharpened our attention on customer value creation to improve their total operating costs and importantly, protect our pricing in the long run. We've increased our investments in select breakthrough innovation to help customers save more water, energy and cost when they need it the most, especially in Europe. And we're prepared to accelerate Purolite growth with new capacity coming on line as we speak. This will help us unlock our large order backlog and expand proprietary technologies across high-growth, high-margin end markets in life sciences, nuclear power, microelectronics, and lithium extraction for EV batteries. Being back on offense, while staying on price execution and productivity is good for Ecolab. This is where we are at our best and what we love doing most. Looking ahead, we do not expect the global environment to improve anytime soon, but it's in times like these that our growth model demonstrates its strongest resilience, and our customers need us the most. We will, therefore, remain laser-focused on exceptional execution to enter next year in a position of strength, with strong double-digit organic sales growth, total pricing getting further ahead of inflation and productivity work mitigating the impact of the energy crisis and the war in Europe. We're now in a position to deliver earnings growth that progressively aligns with our strong historical double-digit growth performance. And this, for me personally, remains my core objective. We have all it takes to win, short term and long term. Our $152 billion total available markets keep getting bigger, with customers increasingly needing our solution to reduce their total operating cost and water and energy usage. Our pricing and productivity work provides us with a firm runway to recapture our historical OI margin and drive towards our long-term 20% OI margin objective, helping to drive significant earnings power as inflation eventually eases and our value delivered keeps rise. And our leadership team, now together with Darrell Brown, as Chief Operating Officer and my trusted partner, has never been stronger. This is why I'm more confident than ever about our future and our ability to deliver superior long-term performance for our customers and our shareholders. I look forward to your questions.
Andy Hedberg: Thanks, Christophe. This concludes our formal remarks. Operator, would you please begin the question-and-answer period.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: Christophe, I just want to clarify the comments around progressively improving towards double-digit EPS growth. I was hoping you could elaborate that a bit more? And is the headwinds in that comment primarily on the margin and, I guess, European side at the moment, or are you anticipating like a broader U.S. or global recession in that, too?
Christophe Beck: Good question, Manav. Thank you. It's mostly Europe, but it's also the macro view. And that's our assumption, which might be overly realistic. If I may say that inflation is going to stay high in 2023, that the dollar will remain strong as well, interest rates might impact demand as well at some point. But most importantly to your point, that Europe is going to have a tough winter. So, we've been improving our performance quarter-after-quarter from Q2 to Q3, expecting the same as well for Q4, and leading towards the double-digit historical growth that we've had in the past as well sometime in 2023, that we can have really an improvement that's steady quarter-after-quarter, mostly driven by steady growth, which has been so really strong over the past few quarters and will remain as such and pricing, that's going to keep to strengthen as well over the quarters to come as inflation hopefully, stabilizes and goes down at some point.
Operator: The next question will be coming from the line of Tim Mulrooney with William Blair.
Tim Mulrooney: I know there's concerns about softening Europe and FX headwinds. But based on our math, it still seems like the number 1 determinant for EPS growth is still around gross margins. So, my question is, assuming no more significant spikes in raw materials and based on what you expect for pricing, when would you expect gross margins to begin to expand year-over-year? Is that most likely sometime in the second half of 2023? Any directional guidance would be helpful.
Christophe Beck: Yes. Thank you, Tim. So with the assumption, obviously, that inflation remains high for 2023, as mentioned before, that the dollar remains strong as well, and that's Europe. So, I'll get through its winter as well. I would expect gross margin to expand in the second half of 2023 and improving from now to then. If you look at general margins for the Company as well, and it's important to note that as well. So between Q2 and Q3, the margin pressure has been easing as well. So, we had 270 points down in Q2. We had 180 in Q3. And most importantly, if you look at Industrial, which is an interesting bell weather because that's where you have 2/3 of the inflation pressure, if I may say, well they improved from 340 down in Q2 to 130 in Q3, and will keep improving in quarters as well to come. And if you look back in 2020, Industrial, which went through a similar cycle, not that extreme, had great OI improvements as well. So during 2020, that's a good indication of what's going to happen in '23 and what's going to happen across our businesses as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Christophe, in healthcare, margins are a little bit lower than we expected. Anything driving that downturn in margins you saw in Q3 in healthcare?
Christophe Beck: Thanks, David. Healthcare, I think, has reached the low point in Q3. And now, we could see the trends coming back up where surgeries are starting to get back to normal levels. We could feel that over the past couple of months. Inventories as well of COVID-related products are kind of melting, which is good as well. And most importantly, so pricing moved from 3% in the second quarter to 6% as well in the third quarter, and we keep improving as well in the quarter to come. So, I think we're turning the corner with the lowest quarter in the third quarter in healthcare. But let me be clear, as I've always been, I don't like the performance of that business. That's been true for quite a while as well. But I'm absolutely committed to resolve it over the quarters to come and '23 is going to be a transformational year for healthcare in many ways.
David Begleiter: And just on the cost side, in 2023, why not assume more cost relief overall in your businesses if demand is lower globally?
Christophe Beck: You're talking about healthcare or...
David Begleiter: Overall. I believe you're assuming that costs hold in there next year despite some lower demand. Why not -- why wouldn't costs be lower next year, demand has softened globally?
Christophe Beck: It's a good question, David. So, we're taking probably an overly realistic view, but it's basically saying that the high delivered product cost that we have today will remain for 2023, which is why when we can improve our gross margins and operating margins as well, which, by the way, have turned positive as well, in the third quarter, it's already a remarkable achievement, if other things that inflation is going to ease and go down during 2023, while our margin leverage will improve dramatically as it always does. But I'm not counting on that for now.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Seth Weber with Wells Fargo.
Seth Weber: I guess, I was hoping to drill down a little bit more on the institutional business. Whether you've seen any kind of -- whether you saw any deterioration kind of through the quarter, just in response to the high price increases, whether that's starting to have any impact on customer demand? I guess, I'm just trying to understand what's happening more specifically in the institutional business, and then just any specific color on Europe institutional that you could share?
Christophe Beck: Yes. Thank you, Seth. Actually, we're not seeing an easing of demand, which is good in Institutional. Honestly, I was hoping to see even more recovery as well, so in that market, which is kind of not really happening as fast as many were expecting as well. So, when we look at the growth we have in Institutional, it's all self-made. Today, we're ahead of pre-COVID levels, which is quite remarkable when you think that just a comparison point that in the U.S. the dine-in traffic, so people sitting in a restaurant is down close to 30% versus pre-COVID level as well and our sales are ahead of 2019. So, I like the growth that we have. We don't see a softening of the demand, certainly not because of pricing, which is good by the way as well in Institutional. So, so far so good, but we'll need to drive even more demand through new business, penetration, innovation. And as well, so keeping in mind that this industry, we'll be facing even more labor challenges going forward, especially on the cost side, but also food cost and energy costs are going to go up. So, what we're doing for customers is exactly what they need and we'll need even more in the quarters to come, which is reducing their cost while serving their guests the best possible way. So, positive with Institutional, I like where they're going. And I think we're going to see good things. But at the same time, I'll just conclude on one point. We know it's an industry that is in quite a big transformation, which I think that is an opportunity, and we will keep transforming our own business as well so to adapt to what the customers need the most.
Seth Weber: That's helpful. Thank you. And then maybe just a quick follow-up on the Purolite capacity adds. Can you just frame for us the pace of that and just the order of magnitude that you're looking at on Purolite capacity additions for this year and next year? Thanks.
Christophe Beck: Yes, great question. So a different topic. Obviously, on Purolite, as I mentioned as well all along. So we are building capacity expansion, and it's coming on line as we speak in the U.S. and in Europe, so on both continents as we had planned as well. So in 2022, it took us one more quarter to get to that right place. It's really to do it well, to do it the Ecolab way as well. And we've been obviously saw squeezing that business because supply was limited, so we could not obviously supply more than what the plants could produce as well at the same time. So when I look a bit ahead, so Q4 is going to be a very good quarter for Purolite. We have almost all orders filling the whole quarter, so there's no big risk in that quarter. And for 2023, if we're going to like Q4, I think we're going to love 2023 with that business.
Operator: The next question is from the line of John Roberts from Credit Suisse.
John Roberts: In your December quarter guidance, what areas do you expect to be down in volume, either year-over-year or sequentially?
Christophe Beck: We're not expecting much softening, John. So in the fourth quarter, we were expecting that in Europe, things would be better, which would ultimately help us get even better in terms of volume. That's not going to happen. I might be overly realistic in Europe. But I think that the war in Europe, the impact as well on energy cost on all European economies as well over there is going to have a major impact. I hope I'm wrong, but that's going to be the bull's eye of the volume challenge. But overall, we're going to keep steady double-digit growth as a company and volume will remain quite stable as well versus what we've seen in Q3.
John Roberts: Okay. And is the -- is variable debt a priority to pay down, or do you plan to keep a portion of your debt variable since interest rates are hard to forecast?
Christophe Beck: Let me give that question to Scott.
Scott Kirkland: Yes. Hey John, it's Scott here. Yes, we've got about 25% of the debt is floating right now. And so, certainly, the way rates are going, we'll expect some upward pressure on interest as a result, but not looking to pay off any debt in the near-term future and making sure that we have optionality as we look forward. And certainly, we have some debt coming due at the end of next year, and so we'll opportunity that based on sort of status of the market.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Josh Spector with UBS.
Josh Spector: Just now that you have a couple of quarters under your belt with the surcharges in place, just wondering if you can comment. Are those generally working as planned? And as oils moved down and gas has been really variable, how good has that been matching variability versus what you've seen?
Christophe Beck: Hi Josh, it's worked really well. Actually, we didn't know how it would be working when we started with the energy surcharge on April 1st. We have never done that as a company, so let alone on a global basis, all businesses all at the same time. It worked out really well. Some of the learnings for us, some customers who preferred having it directly in a structural pricing because it was easier for them to handle that. So, from a system perspective as well, and others chose the energy surcharge as a viable part as well to it. But it's covered very nicely, so dollar for dollar, what we were expecting. And most importantly, it's a tool that we can use as well. So going forward, with whatever could happen, like natural gas in Europe, it's been highly variable. As you've seen, it's on the lower side right now, still 60% higher than a year ago. It could double very easily over the next few months. Having such a tool that we can engage very rapidly is going to be a huge advantage for us and our teams.
Josh Spector: So, I guess, to follow up, if that's worked well, and I mean, correct me if I'm wrong, but an answer to the prior question, you talked about not really a significant amount of additional volume weakness. You're talking about additional pricing, trying to go after new wins. Why wouldn't earnings be up sequentially?
Christophe Beck: So, the short answer here, Josh, is looking at the operating income, so in Q3, it's turned positive for the first time since the war started in Europe, which is a good sign. It's going to keep improving nicely as well in the fourth quarter and going forward in '23. Then you get the FX impact, which is something I mentioned as well in the previous quarter that impacted us down for the third quarter. That's the core of the story.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Christopher Parkinson with Mizuho.
Christopher Parkinson: Hey Christophe, could you just circle back to just two quick comments on global healthcare and then Purolite. On healthcare, can you just give a little quick update on the U.S. side for elective surgeries and what that means for your outlook for 2023? And on the Life Sciences side, do you feel that the growth expansion opportunity of Purolite is well understood? And are margins in that business still where you are anticipating, or should we anticipate startup cost? Just any additional framework you could help us out there would be really appreciated.
Christophe Beck: Yes. Thank you, Chris. So a few questions, obviously, in there. So starting with Purolite. I'm looking at next year, exactly as expected. So, the second year of the Purolite acquisition, very promising. We're going to love what we see in 2023. It was hard in '22, obviously, to get everything lined up, to get the integration really well done, to get the city as well online with everything the Ecolab way. We are at that stage now, and that's why I see the unlock in Q4, so happening very nicely in 2023. So, being as good as we thought and potentially saw even better. So, a very good story. This is true for biopharma and this is especially true for our industrial applications as well, as mentioned in my opening, in nuclear power, in microelectronics and in lithium extraction as well, ultimately more demand than we ever thought as well from that end of the business. So Purolite heading in a very, very good direction. Life Sciences, your second question, is in a good place. We'll see as well in Q4 getting back to its usual trajectory and getting back in 2023, with double-digit top line and bottom line growth. So Life Sciences is in a very good place. It's always been -- it's been the past few years, the comparisons year-on-year have been a little bit complicated sometimes. But underlying no change, extremely steady. And then your last point on healthcare, it's in the works. This one, as mentioned, not happy with the performance of that business. I haven't been happy for a very long time. By the way -- and I see point for that business improving sequentially in the quarters to come. But I want to be perfectly honest in here, it's a radical change that's expected in that business. The old way of running that business is not going to work with me so going forward. So, we've made commitment that we're going to address it one way or another.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets.
John McNulty: So, I guess, the first one would just be on delivered costs. Can you help us to understand how much they went up in 3Q versus 2Q? And maybe give us some color around the baskets -- the bigger baskets, whether it's transportation, labor or raw materials?
Christophe Beck: Yes. Thank you, John. It was roughly the same type of pressure in Q3 versus Q2, which is 30% year-over-year. And since we had 10% last year, it's a 40% delivered product cost increase over two years. So if you want to count, the overall inflation, which is quite a bit to say the least. To your question on the basket, it's a bit evolving with oil price, so easing a bit. Natural gas went up during the quarter and eased a bit towards the end of the quarter. And then, you have cost tick in food and beverage and institutional that's going up in a big way as well at the same time. But overall, kind of the same in Q3 versus what we saw in Q2. And that's why I'm quite proud of what the team has delivered over the last five quarters. So Q2 last year, when inflation started to go up, well, the team has overcome over $1 billion of incremental cost with pricing that's going to stick for the future, which is good short term, but it's especially good for the long term because we will be protecting that pricing going forward.
John McNulty: Got it. Okay. No, that's helpful. And then, I guess you mentioned in your opening comments that when you look to 2023 with the help of pricing, you expect to see double-digit top line growth. Just when you think about the price catching up to raw materials, et cetera, does that mean that you have double-digit EPS growth in the cards as well, or is that still a little bit of a question mark?
Christophe Beck: It will happen during 23, during the second half. So most probably what's most important for me is making sure that pricing gets way ahead of delivered product costs, and we've done that quarter after quarter. Second is making sure that our operating income keeps growing. It's been growing in the third quarter, which is a good sign. It will be growing even more in the fourth quarter, and it's going to keep growing as well in the quarters to come, in 2023. Then you have the impact on FX and interest, obviously, that's mitigating that. We'll see how it all plays out in 2023. But as long as I have business momentum strong, that I have pricing getting way ahead of delivered product cost and that we have productivity in a positive direction as it is today as well, while it's going to lead to operating income growth that's ultimately going to lead to EPS growth as well sometimes in the second half of next year.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: On slide 12 of your deck, you say that your delivered product cost inflation was 30%, but your SG&A is only up, I don't know, 14%, and product and equipment cost of goods sold is up a little bit faster than that. Can you reconcile those numbers? How do we go from 30% to 14%?
Christophe Beck: So 30%, well, is the increase of DPC, as I mentioned as well before, which is very similar to what we had in the second quarter. But SG&A, which is not obviously in our delivered product cost went up 14%. It's mostly labor cost that we have in there. We don't have more people in the third quarter versus the second quarter as well, which is important. So, that's why SG&A productivity ultimately is improving as well. And one point I should have mentioned as well in our SG&A, Jeff, we have also commissions for our salespeople and with much higher pricing, they get higher commission. That ends up as well in our SG&A. I hope that helps.
Jeff Zekauskas: In looking at different chemical companies, like if you look at the petrochemical companies, I think that utilization rates for those companies maybe have gone from the mid-80s to the low-70s. And if you look across many industrial areas, what you're seeing is a tremendous liquidation of inventories. So, I'm surprised that your industrial business isn't feeling any of that for the fourth quarter because I would think your customers would be operating at much lower levels of utilization and water treatment chemicals should be a function of utilization? Is there some other factor going on?
Christophe Beck: You totally are right. So, if we look at pure same-store sale demand, so from one side, same applications from industrial, we see softening of that part of the demand. So, if we see industrial doing so well, and especially in places like in downstream as well, it was north of 20%. Well, it is driven by new business -- it's driven by increased penetration, new solutions for those same sites as well. It's innovation and it's pricing, obviously, which is going up so quite significantly. So, you're absolutely right with -- demand for one site is easing, and were feeling that. And we compensate it with new business. And that's why the new approach on offense, as I mentioned, so in the previous call well, is so important because we'll have to face those potential headwinds as well.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital Markets.
Ashish Sabadra: Christophe, I just wanted to circle back with the comment that you made on the first half versus second half earnings growth, about double-digit earnings growth in the second half. I was just wondering, even in the first half, we should see earning growth, right, maybe not in the double-digit range. And I was wondering if you could elaborate further and see like with this combination of first versus second half, could we still get to a double-digit earnings growth for the full year in '23? Any color will be helpful. Thanks.
Christophe Beck: Ashish, it's very early. We usually never talk about next year before the publication of our results of the fourth quarter in February, but I chose intentionally to share with you early enough what were seeing, and things are going to evolve, obviously, in the next 3, 4 months until we get back together. But it's really trying to share with you what we're seeing, what we're assuming. And our assumptions are really inflation stays more or the same level for the whole next year, that the dollar remains strong as well for most of the year as well in 2023. Same with the interest rate and with Europe getting tougher as well, so in the months to come. How it's going to play out exactly? I don't know yet. And I don't think that anyone knows. But when I know that we're going to maintain our strong momentum, top line volume and pricing. So together, that we will keep expanding pricing as well as we've done in quarter after quarter over the quarter five as well, and that we're going to get some upside from the European program that I've announced as well. Well, I can feel reasonably confident that quarter-after-quarter, we're going to improve as we've done Q2 to Q3, it's going to be Q3 to Q4, and we're going to keep going that path as well in 2023, heading towards this double digit that I mentioned, so in the second half -- sometime in the second half of '23.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Hey Christophe, the volume growth is 1% across the Company, which is I would consider that a little bit low for coming -- still comping off of COVID comps, and still potential for some opening. I was wondering if you could break out the volume growth along the different segments? And how much of that had to do with the inventory stuff going on in healthcare that you have to go through? And maybe just give us a little bit of color on that. And then, I'll have a follow-up.
Christophe Beck: The biggest element on volume evolution is the year-on-year comparison. If you compare, which is something that we usually don't talk too openly, but versus 2019, which was kind of a stable base pre-COVID influence over the past three years, it's very steady. So the volume trends that we have right now in most of our businesses are continuing the same way as they did in Q2, in Q3 and probably will as well in Q4 with that impact from Europe, as I've mentioned before as well. And to your point of the recovery in institutional, well, the recovery has kind of plateaued on the market in here. So, the number of restaurants or hotels that are available as well out there, so is remaining. So quite flat since the beginning of this year as well. I mentioned early on as well, so the traffic of CD people in restaurants is down almost 30% versus 2019. So, we're basically in that industry in a steady state where there is not recovery. If you see sales going up from our customers, its mostly driven by pricing, which has been a big deal, obviously, for them, which means that for us, we need to keep doing two things. The first one is to keep on offense. It's new business. It's penetration. It's innovation, especially with customers needed solutions in terms of reducing the total operating cost and improving as well their quality. And second and last point is the market has changed when I look at where we are today, where are we going to be in 2023, the market of hotels and restaurants especially in the U.S. and in Europe. And for that, we will have to as well over the months to come. And I feel confident that the team is going to do it the right way. But the world we live in now is probably the world that we're going to have in the years to come.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: And then the next one maybe is for Scott. Just some of the below-the-line items and how to expect -- or what to expect, I'm sorry. Should we expect any other income kind of after 3Q more of a normalized pension income, which you've been getting somewhere around $19 million for the last three quarters. Is that fair? Or does something change with the change in the stock markets? And then you had a $10 million sequential increase in interest expense. Do you feel like -- from where you are right now, this is a relatively -- it should be relatively close to this, oare you assuming that the interest expense is going to continue to step up a lot?
Scott Kirkland: Yes. I guess I'll first talk on the pension. So certainly I would expect the sort of other income to be pretty similar to Q3 to Q4. But as we go into next year, as you think about the impact on rates, there will be increasing headwinds on pensions as we go into 2023. It's too early to sort of talk specifics, but we'll expect that pension expense to increase. And then, in addition, as we talk to just interest expense, with about, call it, a quarter of our debt being a variable rate. And just given where rate hikes have continued to climb, I would expect that to continue to be a headwind. It will increase in Q4 and similar to pension be a bigger headwind next year.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Mike Harrison with Seaport Research Partners.
Mike Harrison: I was hoping that you could talk in a little more general terms about the industrial business. And if you think about recessionary conditions, whether you're talking specifically about Europe or about a broader global slowdown, it seems like some of your markets hold up better than others within industrial. Maybe talk a little bit about some of the pockets where you're seeing some weaker or concerning demand trends as you look into Q4? And what are some of the areas that are holding up better within the industrial business?
Christophe Beck: Yes. Mike, industrial has been a great story for many, many years. And when we say industrial, it's mostly driven by water, which is becoming something that's even more essential for our customers. So going forward, because of water scarcity, but most importantly because water drives energy consumption which drives cost and which drives as well to the carbon footprint. When I look across the various segments in Industrial, think about it, water is up 14%. F&B is up 40%, downstream is up 22%, and paper is up 19%. So, it's very healthy, very steady, very strong that we have in that whole group. And it's driven by, okay, market that likes what we're doing, which is ultimately driving new business. It's a business that's very strong at innovation. It's a business that's strong in digital technology as well. And that's why pricing is so good as well with pricing that's been up 15% in the third quarter, and we had 12% in the second. And we know that that business, when you look at the margins as well hear have improved dramatically from the second to the third or the margin pressure I should rather say, 340 basis points in the second quarter, down only 130 in the third quarter as well. And we know when industrial gets in the right momentum in terms of pricing and inflation eases, we know that great things happen, both on a margin and earnings perspective as well. So, yes, as mentioned before, to Jeff, some softening that we're feeling in some of the industries, petrochem being one of them for the reasons mentioned as well early on, which we mitigate with new business, with penetration and innovation. So, so far so good, business lets see what happens in the months and quarters to come.
Mike Harrison: All right. And then, in terms of the cost program, I was hoping you could give a little bit more detail on maybe the timing of those, the $80 million of benefits, what segments should see the greatest proportion of benefits. And I guess what are the cash costs associated with that $80 million in savings? Thank you.
Christophe Beck: So, it's all in Europe, as you said, I've been leading that region, years back, leading to turn around over there, so very familiar with that story. And I'm really proud with what the team has done. You maybe remember or not that 10 years ago we had a large business over there that was not growing and that was not making money. Other than that, it was a great place to be. Well when I look at today, well over the last 5, 10 years our growth has been 4% from a CAGR perspective. Our OI has grown double digit over that time as well. And we've moved from close to nothing in terms of profitability to north of 10% in 2021, as well. So a great story that we've had in Europe. I want to make absolutely sure that we not only mitigate the short-term, but most importantly what we are doing is helping us for the long term that Europe can stay on that successful journey. So to your question on where we are going to work the most, it's going to start with supply, security. This is a big deal for our customers. So streamlining our network, making sure that we can have the best cost of delivered product in Europe. So it's going to be the first priority. The second one will be our structural cost as well in our SG&A leveraging as well, so digital automation. Third will be in regional G&A as well leveraging all the work that we have done with the backbone SAP infrastructure over the past few years as well. So, it's really kind of doing things we would have done no matter what for the long-term, but really accelerating these activities in order to get even more on the short term. We would have done it in a more organic fashion in the years to come. And I've decided to do that in the months to come, which is generating so this stream program as we've announced. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Dan Rizzo: It's Dan Rizzo on for Laurence. Just piggybacking on what was just said about the cost reduction program. I was wondering if there are other variable costs that you could temporarily take out if things were to get significantly worse in Europe? If there's something you can do there?
Christophe Beck: We will. Absolutely. So, I've experienced Europe for half of my life. So very familiar with the Europe situation. It's quite extreme with what's happening right now with the war on the Eastern front. It's having an impact on demand. It's having an impact on supply, especially for industrial businesses. And it's having an impact on cost, as we know, as I mentioned as well in my open. So, I may be in the camp of preparing for a pretty tough winter in Europe. I know many people are saying, it's pretty mild right now. We're just early November. Things can change quite a bit in the months to come. And yes, we're thinking about some extreme scenarios as well, and that includes all I've talked about before and, for sure, all short-term measures that we can take. But everything we're doing in Europe and everything we will do is ultimately so leading to better performance, not only short term, but most importantly, long term because that's an important region for us.
Dan Rizzo: And then, if we think about the North America or the Rest of the World, so things are pretty okay right now, but assuming that as everybody is expecting that there is some sort of recession in the second half of next year. Are you targeting or setting up cost programs that could be implemented there? Obviously, it seems like a much more efficient and better margin region or elsewhere, but I was wondering if there's things there you're looking at if things get markedly worse here in the U.S.?
Christophe Beck: It could be, but that's all a question of timing. We will not do things that we wouldn't have done over the time. Think about digital automation. Think about ERP implementation. Think about the supply network as well. We have clear plans in order to continuously improve our productivity over the next few years if things turn worse. To your point before, we would accelerate them, and that could lead to some restructuring, but it's really because we would be accelerating our plans we had all along.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Andy Wittmann with Robert W. Baird.
Andy Wittmann: I guess I just wanted to understand a little bit more about the pricing and the expectations you have for pricing because it seems like a really important variable as we head into next year. With the cost side seemingly evening out, certainly have a little bit of compare on the cost side than the first half. But, it sounds like the second half comparing on the cost side on our current expectations is materially worse. I guess the question that comes to mind is you're filtering through the price increases from the last quarter or two, Christophe. And you're talking about focusing more on gaining share here. Is that to say that there isn't another unusually large price increase in store for your customers sometime in the middle of the next 2 or 3 quarters to recover that? Or how should we be thinking about the next wave of price, if any?
Christophe Beck: Yes, let me be very clear. Pricing is going to strengthen, especially in the next quarter. In Q4, we're going to keep working on pricing as well in 2023. I'm going to get too much ahead of my skis here. But it's really making sure that we get the right pricing in order to rebuild our margins fully. This is the objective for the team. But as we run a commercial organization, it's kind of leading them towards what's the primary focus. The last five quarters, it's been driving price, and they've gotten over $1 billion over the last five quarters, while driving new business. So primary focused pricing, secondary focus new business. And now, we've shifted that in the third quarter, with clearly is going for offense for all the reasons that we've discussed on that call, being in Europe, the risk in the U.S. or elsewhere as well around the world to really go for new business, to really go for penetration, to really go for innovation, while we keep strengthening the pricing, and that's why I'm saying it's going to be higher in Q4 than it's been in the third quarter as well. And at the same time, making sure that we can maintain most of this pricing as well in the long run because we provide incremental customer value as well over the quarters to come, as we've always done in our history.
Andy Wittmann: Got it. Could you talk a little bit about how the pricing is affecting customer retention, if at all, in any parts of the business where it's been better or worse received might be helpful information as well?
Christophe Beck: So far, it's been very good. Our customer retention hasn't changed versus pre-pricing times. But customers are always price-sensitive, and that's why we're taking time to do it really well. We can't compare obviously to a commodity company, a chemical company that's going up and down with the market. As you know, at Ecolab when we go up, we don't go down. The energy surcharge is the only variable that we'll have to manage the right way going forward. But the vast majority of our pricing is structural pricing. And we do that with customers in ways that is good for them, that we create value, which means we reduce the total operating cost that ultimately it's a good deal for them, it's a good deal for us as well, and that we can keep it going forward. But that's real work. And that's why we haven't lost customers more than we used to, pre-pricing or pre-inflation as well, and that we do it very carefully because we want to keep our customers for the long run.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Eric Petrie with Citi.
Eric Petrie: Could you talk a little bit more about your climate intelligence offering? What kind of technology does Siemens bring to the table? How do you split value and gain share with those industrial customers towards that net zero goal?
Christophe Beck: Yes, great question. So the simplest way to explain it is we're experts at water management and water reduction and helping customers operate with less water or zero water going forward. There is the other component, which is the energy component, where Siemens is having strong expertise at it. And when we say energy, that's mostly power as well as of our industrial customers. And when we get together, well, we have both expertise, water reduction and power, energy reduction from Siemens. And by bringing our offerings together, we can help our industrial customers to get both water reduction that's leading to power reduction and power reduction that's leading as well to carbon and cost reduction as well at the same time. So, it's a joint offering, it's joint systems that we bring together, and it's digital technology as well that we connect between the two companies for the good of our customers.
Eric Petrie: And then, circling back to the Purolite expansion, how much EBITDA uplift do you expect on an annualized basis? Is it $30 million to $35 million? Is that in the ballpark?
Christophe Beck: Overall, so we haven't disclosed that for obvious reasons, but it's going to give us enough capacity for the next two-plus years that we know is going to come. So from the pipeline we have and the current demand backlog that we have right now, and we are already working as we speak on what's required for beyond those two, three years as well down the road because building plans takes some time as well. So ,it's going to be as expected for '23 or even better, and that's going to continue on the same trajectory, in 2024, and we're building the future as well for the years to come.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin McCarthy: Christophe, how would you compare and contrast your price cost gap by region of the world? I'm wondering where you've made the most progress and where you feel you have the most work to do?
Christophe Beck: Great question, Kevin. The best is in North America. We have the strongest team. It's one market as well, two countries, the way we define it with the U.S. and Canada. Europe is the toughest, because it's always been the toughest, complexity, a region thats used to negotiate price as well. But with whom we have very good relationship because ultimately, our value is to help our customers reduce their total cost as well at the same time. And then, you have the rest of the world in between, with probably China being the toughest place.
Kevin McCarthy: And then, as a follow-up, I want to come back to your price contribution. So, you had nice acceleration to 12%. I think as a base case, you commented that should improve in the fourth quarter. Can you help us in terms of understanding the contributions from base pricing versus the surcharges, you mentioned the volatility in Europe. U.S. natural gas looks like it might actually come down sequentially. And so, I'm just trying to understand the moving parts there. I'd also be curious to hear any thoughts that you might have on diesel. We're hearing more about potential for shortages there. And do you think you're well equipped to recover that through the surcharge paradigm, if it happens?
Christophe Beck: So, starting with the last part. From a supply perspective, so we feel good about it. We practiced our resilience planning quite a while. Now from a cost perspective, of diesel or other, the fact that we have that surcharge allows us to react fairly quickly, which is very different, obviously, than structural price, which is an agreement for the long term, together with our customers. Now, in terms of structural price versus energy surcharge, as I've shared earlier, it's roughly two-thirds structural, one-third energy surcharge, but knowing as well that the structural part is growing as well, which is good. We want to make sure that as much of the pricing so it can be structured for the long term, backed by true value that we're creating for our customers as well. And it's not the perfect line between structural and energy surcharge because some customers aren't equipped to deal with an energy surcharge and the thing. So let's have that directly in my structural price, which we've accommodated for as well at the same time. But two-thirds, one third is a good proxy.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli Funds.
Rosemarie Morbelli: When we look at institutional did quite well, travel has been strong, which I am assuming also translates into hotels, restaurants, cruises, Disney, et cetera. Are you seeing some kind of a decline recently due to inflation or you haven't seen any change yet?
Christophe Beck: We haven't seen anything yet, but there's no doubt that the cost pressure is starting to impact our customers, not from us, general cost of food, of energy and especially on the labor side. And that's why what we do is becoming increasingly important for them, which is not new, you're familiar with that, Rosemarie, over the years. The harder it gets for the institutional market, the more they need us because ultimately, they can reduce their total operating cost and especially now with the labor shortages. And for us, the biggest challenge that we've had with institutional is that the travel -- the guest traffic, in general, so has been okay, but the service has gone down quite a bit. You probably experienced that going to hotels as well, where service is quite way down or you need to do your room as well to yourself. Well, that means there's consumption of our products as well, which is why it's so important for us to get new customer, new penetration, new innovation. But bottom line, the demand has stayed reasonably stable around the world and across the end markets and institutional.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Okay. That is helpful. Thanks. And I was wondering, you mentioned lithium as one area using your products. Can you give us a better feel for what from Ecolab is the lithium industry using and then where because it is mostly in Asia Pacific and not yet in the U. S. or Europe?
Christophe Beck: Yes. Lithium has been a new opportunity that we didn't have on our radar screen, even before we acquired Purolite. And interestingly enough, that Purolite technology allows you to extract lithium from a brine, salt water. There's only one mine in the U.S., by the way, of lithium today, which is in California, which we own with our solutions as well, which is a remarkable solution for customers because it goes through that system, and you can extract lithium at pretty low cost and low energy and low waste as well at the same time. So, we didn't plan for it, but that's definitely a technology that we're planning to use around the world because lithium is kind of booming because it's driven by EV batteries from cars and other products as well. So, this is a new segment that we're getting into that we didn't plan for before we acquired Purolite.
Rosemarie Morbelli: I am a little confused. I'm not aware of any mine in California. There is a project going on in the Salton Sea, but with no lithium coming out of it. So which mine are you referring to?
Christophe Beck: I'll ask Andy to come back to you with the exact name. I don't remember exactly the name of that mine in California. That was a deal that was concluded just before we concluded with Purolite as well, and that has evolved nicely in the meantime. But it's a long-term project, which is really promising for us. We'll come back.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steve Byrne with Bank of America.
Steve Byrne: Yes. I wanted to better understand this relationship with Siemens. Is it fair to characterize this that you have your customers that you primarily support with water, they might have a completely different set of customers that are more energy-focused. And is this in a way to collaborate where you might pick new accounts on the water side, they might pick up some of your accounts on the energy side? Is that how you would characterize it? So, this is essentially a market share expansion opportunity for you?
Christophe Beck: Its a combination of that, obviously, cross-selling, in other words. So, customers we have, they don't we bring into our customers and the other way around as well so for them. But at the same time, it's developing some joint solutions that are adding value for customers because they manage power in a plant, electricity in a plant, something we don't do, but we manage water in a plant. So from end to end, and both are related as well. So continuing our applications is not only good for both of us, Siemens and Ecolab, but is most importantly, so good for our customers.
Steve Byrne: And just I'm sure you've evaluated this, but do you see any risk that Siemens could become more of a competitor of yours, such as to expand more into water?
Christophe Beck: No, because this is not an expertise that they have. They're not planning to have expertise in water management, in chemistry, in service that we're providing. And we don't have the ambition either to become an electricity power expert as well for our industrial customers. So, we're in a very healthy place where we work together for the good of our customers with no risk between the two companies.
Operator: Our final question is from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: I guess just one last one for me. Just looking at working capital, I'm wondering whether you'll be kind of getting aggressive on inventory levels in the year-end? And not just because your cash flow from operations, I think, is down about $500 million year-over-year. But also because we've seen amongst a fair number of specialty chemical companies through earnings season sort of a desire to take inventories down to kind of send messages to the raw material suppliers that the raw prices need to come down as well. So, is that something that you folks will be working on?
Christophe Beck: Let me pass it to Scott.
Scott Kirkland: Yes, I'll take that. Thanks for the question. As we look at both our working capital and cash conversion, as you've probably seen, the free cash flow has been very strong below last year because of the investments in working capital, both as the pricing is growing, the investments we have in AR, but also the investments in our inventory. And we're continuing to invest in inventory as we look ahead, especially as we look across Europe and just continuity to supply and making sure we can supply to customers. So we do not have specific actions to bring down inventories because for us, making sure we can supply to our customers is most important. But still expect to have very strong free cash flow conversion for the year, and we'll expect that to accelerate as we get into the fourth quarter, getting towards our historical levels around 90%.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we've reached the end of the question-and-answer session, and I'll turn the floor back to Mr. Hedberg for closing remarks.
Andy Hedberg: Thank you. That wraps up our third quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated discussion slides will be available for replay on our website. Thank you for your time and participation. I hope everyone has a great rest of the day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-26 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ecolab Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andy Hedberg, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Hedberg, you may now begin.
Andy Hedberg: Thank you, and hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's second quarter conference call. With me today are Christophe Beck, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO; and Scott Kirkland, our CFO. A discussion of our results, along with our earnings release and the slides referencing the quarter's results, are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements in these materials which state that this teleconference and associated supplemental materials include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the Risk Factors section of our most recent Form 10-K and in our posted materials. We refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information and release. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Christophe Beck for his comments.
Christophe Beck: Thank you so much, Andy, and welcome to everyone to our conference call. And Andy, welcome to your new role as Head of Investor Relations after 15 years in the industry and 6 years alongside Mike Monahan. In 37 years, Mike has built a legacy of trust, transparency and simple messages. He has built trusted relationship with all of you on the call by listening to you, by addressing your concerns and by building on your ideas in good and in more challenging times. He said openly with you what we were seeing, what we were doing about it and where we were going to keep winning. And in a world that feels like it's getting more complicated by the day, he kept describing our performance, our opportunities and our concerns in simple and clear ways to make your life as investors as simple as it could be. And none of that will change. So on your leadership Andy, we will simply build further on Mike's great legacy. Now to our results. The second quarter concluded as expected while facing 30% delivered product cost inflation and increased headwinds from FX translation. Our global team managed to deliver once again sustained double-digit organic growth by driving new business and by accelerating pricing, both great signs of the real value we create for our customers and our margin growth potential. We almost doubled our total pricing from 5% in the first quarter to 9% in the second as we further strengthened our structural pricing and executed our first ever global energy surcharge with customers around the world in all our businesses in 172 countries in an extraordinary short period of time. We're now exiting the quarter with double-digit sales growth and pricing momentum that's now ahead of delivered product cost inflation, most importantly, with gross margins that have now turned the corner. In other words, we expect to see easing year-over-year margin pressure over the next 2 quarters. We're now in a fortunate position where our #1 strategic priority over the past 12 months has been addressed, getting ahead of inflation. This will now help us fully recover our gross margin over time and expand them even further in the long run. With margins getting on the right track, the time has now come to shift our primary focus to offense. With an environment that keeps getting more complicated, we do not expect the world economy to accelerate. We're, therefore, getting ready for that, too. Our new business is strong, and innovation pipelines are at record levels. Our customer retention has remained largely unchanged, still north of 90%, with the industry's largest and best trained sales force, with the resources and the capabilities to get the job done and serve our customers better than ever, with a business model with over 90% consumable revenue, with innovative technologies and services that are helping customers reduce their total operating cost when they needed it most like right now and a growing $152 billion market opportunity that will remain huge no matter what happens to the world economy. We, therefore, entered the second half of the year in a position of strength, with strong growth momentum and growing share across the board, with inflation and energy costs that seem to keep getting higher, especially natural gas in Europe and in the U.S., with the right pricing momentum to stay ahead of inflation and the right mechanism, if I may say, with the energy surcharge to mitigate spikes of energy costs over time. This shift from focusing primarily on pricing to major share gains will naturally take some time. But as we've demonstrated in the past, it will also lead to strong results down the road. We, therefore, expect overall performance to improve sequentially in the quarters to come. Q3 earnings will, therefore, continue to be driven by strong top line growth, easing year-over-year margin pressure, supported by solid pricing, but in the short term will also be impacted by unfavorable currency translation and potentially softer volume growth as the team shift their focus to major share gain. As a result, we expect Q3 to show a sequentially narrowing decline in year-over-year adjusted earnings per share, including the impact of at least $0.10 of FX headwinds. Now with the total pricing already at low double-digit levels, new business generation to drive share gains, breakthrough innovation and productivity benefits to drive margins, we expect fourth quarter to show accelerated adjusted earnings per share growth, resulting in modest growth in full year 2022 adjusted earnings per share. Now let me conclude my remarks on a more personal note. I love growth, and I hate just as much as you do low earnings growth. This is not we are uncertainly not who I am, except when it's because we've done the right thing, the right way for our future, like keeping our global team and capabilities intact at a very high cost during the COVID lockdowns. Like managing pricing in a way that protected long-term customer retention, like maintaining growth investments in new products, digital technologies and new high-growth businesses to gain market share and significantly increase our opportunities. As intense as it is right now, our near-term momentum keeps building and our long-term opportunities have never been greater. That's why I've never been more bullish about the future of this company. Our $152 market -- our $152 billion market opportunity keeps getting bigger. When infection risk keeps rising with pandemic, with hospital-acquired infection, and we put safety challenges like we've seen lately in baby food production, we need to help our customers. With water scarcity and a warming climate that's hurting businesses and people, we had to help our customers reduce their total water and carbon footprint while reducing the total operating cost, helping to deliver superior long-term performance for them and for our shareholders, which is why I firmly believe that with Ecolab the best is still yet to come. I look forward to your questions.
Andy Hedberg: Thanks, Christophe. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, would you please begin the question-and-answer period?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from the line of Tim Mulrooney with William Blair.
Tim Mulrooney: So I'd love to ask you about your share gains and innovation and all that. But I think I've got to stick to the basics at least starting out here. So my first question is about raw material costs, not surprisingly. And then I've got a follow-up on pricing. So Christophe, the last time we spoke, it was your expectation that delivered product costs would be up about 25% in 2022. Is that still your expectation? And can you kind of break that down in between what you saw in the first half of the year versus what you expect in the second half?
Christophe Beck: Yes, great question. So talking about raw materials. So first, I'd like just to step back, so one step last year. So in '21, we had 10% of delivered product cost inflation, which includes rolls and freight, just to be clear as well on this one. We entered the year '22, expecting 15%. Then you're right, we talked about 25%. And today, we're closer to 30% right now in the second quarter, and we expect that level of inflation close to 30% to remain until the end of the year.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. Got you. So it was a little less than 30% maybe in the first quarter, but then -- but 30% in the second quarter and for the remainder of the year. That's helpful. And then now if we layer on the pricing part of the conversation, Christophe, how I guess, net price cost turned into a net positive in June. Can you talk about how you expect for, I guess, what you expect for the price/cost spread, how you expect that to play out through the second half of the year? And what that implies for gross margins moving forward?
Christophe Beck: Yes, with pleasure. So the 30% as well so that we are experiencing so right now and going forward for the next few quarters as well, just to put it in perspective, so represents $1 billion, of course, that our teams had or will have to overcome so during the year to 2022. And that's why it's been so remarkable that the team managed to get ahead of inflation during the last months of the quarter. When initially, we saw that would happen in the first quarter of the year, the war started then in Ukraine and shifted, unfortunately, one more quarter. Because energy costs went through the roof, we started with the energy surcharge, which worked out really well in the second quarter. We got structural pricing plus energy surcharge kind of well implemented during the last month of the quarter, and that's how we got ahead of delivered product cost inflation so at the end of the second quarter. So when I think about the second half of the Europe, we got the job done. We're ahead of inflation. That will remain for the foreseeable future, obviously, which means that the margin pressure is going to ease over the quarters to come. This is going to be true in Q3. But it is going to be even more true in the fourth quarter as pricing and the energy surcharge together are going to keep accelerating. I talked about low double-digit levels in the second half. And if we assume an easing of the 30% rate of inflation for the next 2 quarters, Q4 should be a very nice margin play, which is why we're expecting as well accelerated growth in terms of earnings per share in Q4.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Ronan Kennedy : This is Ronan Kennedy on for Manav. Christophe, may I ask if you could just recap the outlook? I know you touched on potentially unfavorable volume growth or growth not accelerating as initially anticipated. Can you just recap what the outlook is for the second half and into '23 from a growth standpoint? And if you are starting to see -- obviously, the inflationary pressures are immense, but are you starting to see some macro pressures as well?
Christophe Beck: Well, great question, Ronan. So the overall picture for 2022, we were expecting, from an economic perspective, a continuous acceleration during the year, over the past few months, obviously. So the environment has changed. That being said, our own trajectory as Ecolab has remained so fairly stable. So 13% organic growth in the first quarter, 13% in the second quarter and we expect something similar in the quarters to come as well. But it's basically, so having our own views focused on the potential risk of an economic slowdown, all indicators are showing that direction. In our own businesses, it's not obvious yet, but we're not immune, obviously, to whatever could happen in the world out there, which is why, first, we believe in our models being great in that kind of environment, which is very different than the lockdowns of COVID, which was just an industry, so stopping to operate. When we talk of a slowdown, this is something that we're very used to. And we like it because our model ultimately 90% consumable revenues. So that means recurring our promise to customers. It's to help them with premium products, reduce their total operating costs ultimately when they need us even more in those moments. So our model is very well aligned with a potentially slowing environment. And ultimately, that's why, as I've mentioned as well in my earnings calls that the shift from primarily focusing on pricing to primarily focusing on new business will come at the right time as well, which is a shift that we've done many times as well in the past. So overall, an environment that might be slowing down with what we're undertaking, so expecting some kind of a stable momentum in the quarters to come with a potential downside risk that we can manage as well.
Ronan Kennedy : That's very helpful. And with regards to that shift in focus, I think you had also referred to it as going from defense to offense. What does that entail, that shift to focus on new business wins? And then are there other elements to kind of a downturn playbook that may be different than the approach that was taken during the unprecedented height of the COVID pandemic, where the focus was on, protecting the company, your employees and custom?
Christophe Beck: Yes. I think that what we're heading towards to today is kind of something that the company has been used to any -- more difficult times over our history. We are a sales organization. We have a sales culture with sales driven, which means that half of our company is driven by 2 things. The first one is new business. The second is price. And since -- it's all about execution, it's important to set for the organization, what's the clear primary priority? Is it price? Or is it new business? While you do both, obviously, at the same time? Well, in the last 12 months with this high inflation that came on us, like everybody else, ultimately, primary focus had to be pricing, and the team got it done. And now it's kind of shifting and saying you focus primarily on your business, while you keep driving pricing. So it's selling new accounts, it's expanding penetration, it's selling innovation, while you get price as well because we create more value as well as. So it's a shift between primary focus from price to new business that we've done over time in our history. It takes a few months, obviously, so to get in gear, but this is something that we're very familiar with. So I'm not worried about that.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: I'm sorry, can you hear me?
Christophe Beck: Yes, we can hear you, David.
David Begleiter: Sorry about that, Christophe. Back to the Q4 guidance, Christophe, you're guiding to about 20% share growth. EPS growth from Q3 to Q4, a pretty sharp ramp up. Is it just the additional pricing? Or are there other drivers of that additional price increase -- that additional earnings growth from Q3 to Q4?
Christophe Beck: It's the combination of many factors. When we think about the third quarter, so to begin with, so it's mostly impacted by FX, the $0.10 that we've talked about. Otherwise, the EPS would be growing in the third quarter. And if you look at Q4, it's going to be the combination of business momentum, so driven by new business, as mentioned before, added to a pricing that's going to keep strengthening together with the energy surcharge as mentioned, so we'll be in the low double-digit territory as well. Our productivity work is going to keep working as well in our favor. And we expect as well a stabilizing of the 30% of delivered product cost inflation rate, as mentioned before. So the combination of all ultimately is playing to the Ecolab model where you see margins enhancement during the fourth quarter. It's not going to be an improvement versus last year, but it's going to be a sequential improvement from Q2 to Q3 to Q4, which, by the way, David is really playing in our favor longer term as well as we rebuild our margins fully and then afterwards even expand that.
David Begleiter: Understood. And just briefly, of the energy surcharge you announced of 8% to 12%, how much do you actually realize?
Christophe Beck: It's hard to tell exactly the number. It's part of the 9% or the low double digit for the second half. We estimate that it's roughly 2/3 is structural pricing and 1/3 is the energy surcharge. When we communicate in our press release that's always directional, that's a max and then afterwards, you need to respect agreements with customers, you need to negotiate with customers as well. And some customers have even chosen to have the energy surcharge being included in the structural pricing, which makes the line between the 2 a little bit more fuzzy. But I think that a good guide might be this 2/3 structural price and a 1/3 energy surcharge.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Seth Weber with Wells Fargo Securities.
Seth Weber: I guess just another pricing question, Christophe. I mean talking about, say, 6% or 7% structural pricing. Can you just give us your view on Ecolab's ability to retain that next year into 2023? I'm not asking for guidance for next year, but just your confidence level and the company's ability to keep that type of pricing next year?
Christophe Beck: Yes. Thank you, Seth. The structural pricing, I have a very high level of confidence that we're going to keep it. This is what we've done over the last 99 years as a company. So we're not cyclical in terms of pricing evolution. So structural price is going to stick, the way we execute that with customers. The energy surcharge will be more of the question. I don't think that the energy costs are going to come down anytime soon, unfortunately, I may almost say. And maybe one piece of information for you, Seth, is also that our energy surcharge, which was anchored on oil price, Brent that everybody could read, has been complemented, but the natural gas prices as well, which is becoming a bigger issue in Europe and in the U.S. for the same reasons as we know. So it's going to be a combination of oil and natural gas, which is why initially we called it as well, the energy surcharge. How much are we going of keep all that? Whenever the market comes down, I think we're going to keep part of it and some might be given back. But overall, the discussion with customers is driven by how do we build margins on our side, that's our internal discussion, but most importantly with customers is making sure that the return that they get on the investment that they've made in our value gets a positive return, which is EROI. So I feel good about the way we can maintain our pricing that we've executed here. Some might get back, but it's going to be marginal.
Seth Weber: That's helpful. And then maybe just a quick follow-up on the health care and life science margin was a little bit light versus what we were thinking. I saw some of the call outs in the slide deck and things like that, but is there anything that would prevent the margins there? Is there something that's going on there just structurally that -- the Purolite margin is obviously very high. So we're assuming that margins there get a lot better. Can you just talk about the ramp that we should expect in the health care and life science margins going forward?
Christophe Beck: Yes, it's really 2 different stories. As you saw life science and Purolite are doing very well. So no issue on that side, and it's been very steady in the past and it's going to be steady in the future as well. Health care is a different story. That's where our challenge lies. Three things that I would mention. The first one is pricing with TPOs takes more time than with customers. That has an impact on margin. Secondly, North America, elective surgeries took more time than expected initially, that's been on and off. So during COVID as we know. So quite a few times, that's where we make most of our money as well, like hospitals do as well at the same time. That has an impact on the health care margin. And third, in Europe, so we still compare to the so-called mega deals with government COVID activities related in '20 and '21, which is also having an impact on the Healthcare margins. But let me be very clear. Healthcare is not where it should be. It's not been so for a long time. There have been some better and some less great times in that business. We focused on it. We need to fix it, and we will fix it.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of John Roberts with Credit Suisse.
John Roberts: It sounds like base price is up 6% on its way to 7%. What is the base cost inflation that you're seeing? That is, what are costs up excluding energy?
Christophe Beck: It's a difficult question, David, because when we talk about energy, we don't buy energy directly, as you know. But the way we think about it is 1/3 of our raw material cost is impacted by energy. And again, when we talk about energy, you have oil and then you have natural gas. So what we buy are second or third derivative of that. That's why it's a difficult question to answer here. But I would say one way to think about it, we were thinking 2022 to have an inflation of 15% plus. We are at 30% right now, to a great extent that DPC incremental inflation came through energy following the invasion end of February. So that's maybe one way to think about it. But hard for us to really split the 2, I'd rather focus on the 30% delivered product cost inflation, which is the true number.
John Roberts: Okay. And maybe a different way to ask about price. But when you started to implement the surcharge WT oil was about $120 a barrel, and now it's $95. And back then, TTF gas was $25 million BTU, now it's $60. Can you help us understand like an average U.S. surcharge has gone down, I assume, because of the WTI drop and the average European surcharge is going up because of the TTF gas increase?
Christophe Beck: No, because -- so the Brent is still north of $100 right now, which is the same bracket as where we started in April, so during the second quarter. So no change there. And it's not a perfect science as well because if customers were to pay straight math, obviously. So you're in that bracket, and you get 10% to take what we had in the press release, well, thatd be one situation. It's a negotiated number, which means that this one is not changing every month either. On top of it, as you mentioned and as I've mentioned as well earlier on that call, natural gas, is the new game in town. You've mentioned the number in the U.S. going up pretty rapidly and in Europe even more. So basically, where we are is that surcharge in the U.S. kind of unchanged to up because we are still executing more with customers that we haven't concluded yet. And in Europe, we're moving further up because of the natural gas price increases that you've just mentioned.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Josh Spector with UBS.
Josh Spector: And actually, a similar vein of the prior question. I was curious, just to clarify, is the surcharge essentially in for all customers now? Or is there some percentage that's still being negotiated? And when does -- take effect during the third quarter? And similar to kind of the prior question to an extent, if energy prices go up 20%, 30% into the fourth quarter, you have the surcharge in place, are we going to be talking about that there is a price cost catch-up in fourth quarter? Or do you feel relatively insulated at what you've done has immunized that risk now?
Christophe Beck: It is not major shock in the system geopolitically, which could happen. If you look at what's happening with Russia and Ukraine today, we should be in a good shape. We are ahead of inflation as we exit the second quarter, as mentioned, and we will stay ahead with increased pricing in Q3 and Q4 and further execution of the energy surcharge as well in the months to come. So both together brings me in a reasonable place for Q3 and Q4 that we will stay ahead and expand as well. So the margin leverage or margin impact that we have on our business. Second, if something happens as well in the world, in Western Europe, especially impacting natural gas, as we just mentioned before, with David as well. With the energy surcharge, we have a mechanism as well that we can fairly short-term change in order to capture more pricing through the energy surcharge. So this is pretty handy, which was what we had in mind when we launched as well that, but was not just to react to what was happening back then following the invasion in February, but also being able to react with whatever could happen as well in the months and the quarter to come. So bottom line, I feel quite good about staying ahead of inflation and rebuilding margins in the months and quarters to come to fully restore and expand even further. And if something happens in the world, it might take some time to increase the energy surcharge, but we have the mechanism to address that as well.
Josh Spector: And just to clarify, the inflation for the second half, you talked about 30%. What is a 2-year stack of that inflation that you guys are planning for?
Christophe Beck: The 2-year stack, that was your question, Josh?
Josh Spector: For the second half, specifically, yes.
Christophe Beck: Yes. Last year, we had, as mentioned, so we had 10% in Q3, we had 20% in Q4. And you add the 30% of this year itself, that's how you get your stacked 2 years model.
Josh Spector: So will be at 30% to -- 40% to 50% is how you're thinking about it?
Christophe Beck: Directionally, that's right. Yes, over 2 years.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Christopher Parkinson with Mizuho.
Christopher Parkinson: Christophe, a lot of your platforms and services ultimately pertain directly to your customers facing their own inflation, whether it's low temperature warewashing systems and even some stuff around your commercial and water treatment in terms of prevention and obviously facing inevitably rising costs in their own side of things. Can you just offer a little bit more color on your ability to kind of continuously push price just given the environment your own customers earn? I mean has the narrative really changed between the value-added proposition of your products and services over the last year and do customers ultimately recognize that. So just any color on that would be greatly appreciated.
Christophe Beck: That's a great question, Chris. Thank you. Well, it speaks to our model that you're really familiar with. And our promise as a company has always been best results at the lowest total operating cost which we measure with EROI, which is basically, so how much cost savings versus investment customers are making. And our ambition is to be north of 25% return for the customer in here with pricing in here as well, and we stick as well to that model, the way we're operating with customers today. Usually, we know of the 25%, which gives us as well some margin as well, need to get even further pricing. So, so far, it's worked out pretty well. That's why I mentioned that our customer retention has remained very stable over the past 12 to 18 months. But going forward, focusing even more on EROI will be essential for 2 reasons: first, to really keep executing pricing. But most importantly, in times where economic environment might evolve as well. So to the downside, if I may say, without mentioning the R word as well in here, customers need it even more. This is true in warewashing. This is true in laundry. This is true in water. And it gets compounded as well that most of the customers have a hard time as well to find staffing to get the job done. Well, our offering helps them get the same results or even better results with less people and less cost at the same time. And that's why our value proposition is pretty ideal in such an environment where we help customers get better results with less people and lower cost. That helps us execute margin and drive more new business.
Christopher Parkinson: Got it. And then in honor of Mr. Monahan, I'll make sure I say this correctly. And as it pertains to your pest elimination business, not control, but elimination, I will always remember that, give us a quick update. It seems like things are kind of reengaging there. You're getting a little bit more momentum on specifically North America. It's been a huge focus of your -- your kind of ongoing enterprise selling initiatives. So just can you just help us kind of offer the framework of the current environment and how we should thinking about that in the immediate and longer term now that it seems like you're getting a little bit more -- a little bit more traction in terms of the recovery?
Christophe Beck: I love the relation to Mike Monahan, that's true. It's pest elimination, unlike competition, that's controlling. You still have mice and rats running around, but you have less than before. With Ecolab, you have none, which is our promise. So to the business in here, pest elimination has been an exceptional business for many, many years. It's been strong during COVID in 2020. It was strong last year as well. You maybe remember it was a double-digit top line growth. It's been expanding its margins as well both gross profit and OI ratio as well. And when I look at 2022, while it's kind of steady eddy, we are in double-digit territory as well in terms of top line growth as well, with very strong margin as well. That's why I don't talk much about pest elimination because the business is doing extremely well, has done well during difficult times and is doing well right now. It's a great team, very well led. And I look forward to even more going forward, a beautiful business.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets.
John McNulty: Christophe, maybe we can speak to the end markets for Institutional. So I know you're kind of battening down the hatches it sounds like for a potential recession at the same time. I guess I'd be curious to know where your institutional business is relative to pre-COVID. And if there's still some uplift to go there even if we do kind of stumble a little bit into recession, I guess, how would you characterize that?
Christophe Beck: Yes. Great question. John, Institutional is in a good shape and evolving very nicely. Honestly, I had expected that the market recovery would happen way faster, way bolder. It's not what happened. That has nothing to do with us. Obviously, this is a market question. But when I think about our business Institutional, well, if you compare it to 2019 for instance, which is kind of the base of pre-COVID, we are 5% ahead of 2019. We were 2% ahead of 2019 in the first quarter. So that shows that the business is kind of in a good place and evolving very nice as well. What's most interesting is that we're gaining shares as well to the comparison that we've done so many times as well as for the U.S. restaurants. If you look at dine-in traffic, which means people coming in dining rooms, well, it's down 36% versus 2019. Our business in the same place is down only 3%, which means that we've gained a huge share as well in the meantime. So at the end of the day, we're ahead of '19 in terms of sales in the second quarter. In the quarters to come, 2 or 3 quarters, we will also recover the volume and in the second half of '23, I believe we will recover as well the margins, which is the plan that we had all along. So all in all, in a pretty good place.
John McNulty: Got it. No, that's helpful color. And then I guess the second question would just be on the raw material front. So your Industrial business, in particular, if I have it right, has a reasonable amount of exposure to like propylene derivatives, things like that. Propylene is off -- at this point, it's off about 25% quarter-over-quarter. So I guess, can you help us to think about that kind of basket and if you're starting to see any raw material relief yet or if it's more just look, these are derivatives, it takes time, but that's still on the come as we kind of look to the back half of the year? Is there a way to think about maybe some relief coming for you?
Christophe Beck: It's clearly the latter, John. So we don't buy anything at spot prices or there are some exceptions probably. But generally, no, it's all contract based more longer term. As you've mentioned, it's derivatives, second or third of feedstock as well, which means that it takes time to get through the system for us as well, which means as well the spikes are not that high, but it goes higher and stay longer as well so for us. But when I think about Industrial, they've done an exceptional job at pricing. They're ahead of the average, they got most of the DPC delivered product costs impact. Since inflation started in the second quarter last year, they've gotten on pricing, on the energy surcharge extremely well. They're ahead, obviously of DPC as well as they exit the second. They're going to have even higher pricing versus the average of the company. I think they are on an exceptional trajectory, doing really well in new business, in momentum, getting pricing, getting productivity as well. And if you think quarters down the road, we would like what we will see from the Industrial business, which is half of our company. And I'll just -- and on one thing, it's been especially a part of our business where at every inflationary cycle, they've done really good work in pricing and they helped improve the gross margin as well at each of those cycles as we're going forward. So in a way, as hard as it is right now, it's going to be a good story in terms of margin for Industrial going forward.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital Markets.
Ashish Sabadra: Just wanted to focus on 2 items that was discussed at the National Restaurant Association Show. One was on reigniting the Ecolab certified program. I was wondering if you could talk about how that's coming along? And then obviously, there was a discussion also around the significant pull from customers for digital solutions, next-gen products, if you could comment on that as well?
Christophe Beck: Yes. Thank you, Ashish. So the 2 points situation hasn't changed much, obviously, since we met a few months ago. Ecolab Science Certified, as mentioned, it has been launched during COVID to support our customers in order to protect their own guests and ultimately, so having more people coming to their restaurants or their hotels. It's kept being a very good story. We've become the leading program in the U.S. It's become stronger as well in the meantime. We're expecting to get in the next few quarters close to $100 million of incremental business, close to 100,000 of locations as well down the road. So it's becoming a major program for us, and for our customers. And ultimately, it's going to move beyond COVID and really making sure that our customers feel safe when they get to their own restaurants as we've talked all along. Now to digital solutions. Interestingly enough, with most of our customers struggling with staffing conditions as we've seen when you go to restaurants, to hotels, to airports or wherever you go, ultimately, our automated solutions for customers are helping them get the same job done with less people as well. Well, this is not only helping them on the staffing side, it's helping them on the cost side as well, which is good now and even more important going forward. So thank god we kept investing behind digital solutions, which, by the way, are helping ourselves as a company, if you look at our SG&A productivity that has kept improving year-over-year and accelerated as well. So during the past few years, this is almost directly related to the work that we've done with digital.
Ashish Sabadra: That's very helpful color. And maybe if I can drill down further on the volume side of the Industrial segment. Can you just talk about how that business obviously has morphed since the last GFC both on the Nalco front, but also on the core side. And also some of the growth drivers there, particularly animal health and data centers, how those are progressing. So any color on those fronts would be helpful?
Christophe Beck: What's good in Industrial is that it's very broad-based. All the businesses are doing really well. When I look at water, which is the biggest, and strong growth, food and beverage, downstream and paper. So the 4 big ones, obviously, that we have had are all doing really well. So it's not one business driving the whole Industrial, it's very broad-based. And it's very broad-based geographically as well, which is why I feel confident about that business, especially as well going forward. So in terms of demand, we haven't seen much reduction, if I compare to 2019, for instance, as well, which is the right base because you remove all the noise of COVID as well. In between, there is some noise and variation as well in there. But otherwise, they're pretty steady month after month. We'll see what happens in the months to come with the economic environment, but ultimately, very strong new business. That's going to help them obviously mitigate any softening of demand out there. And second, the pricing evolution is extremely strong as well as mentioned before. So the combination of both is driving a very steady and healthy story for Industrial.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: You expect the lower earnings per share comparison in the third quarter versus the year ago. You've said that your raw materials are being offset now by price increases. You've got a little bit of negative currency. So does that mean that volumes are about flat in the third quarter year-on-year?
Christophe Beck: So the key points, Jeff, sorry, you're right that Q3 2022 is going to be lower than Q3 2021, as mentioned, mostly impacted by the FX, the $0.10 that I've mentioned as well earlier. So without that, we would be in positive territory. That being said, I'd like to add 2 points. The first one is we compare to Q3 last year, which was a strong recovery in our institutional market. So ultimately, the volume growth in Q3 will be lower than what we have in Q2 because we're comparing to this reopening post the third or fourth COVID wave that we experienced in institutional. And the last point I'll mention as well, there might be some conservatism as well in terms of volume from my side as well in here. But looking at what's happening around the world, I want to be as well on the safe side. So you have all 3, the FX, the comparison to reopening in Institutional in '21, and there might be as well some caution from our part in terms of economic development.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay. Ecolab has maintained its staffing levels since 2020. I think with the idea that the global economy would recover and the restaurant industry would come back and that there would be no strong inflationary effects, but there have been inflationary effects. It has been a slower recovery for the restaurant industry. And it looks like we may be going into a recession. Should you be thinking about restructuring your operations or having a lower cost structure than what you've got now?
Christophe Beck: We're not planning for restructuring, at least nothing broad-based. You will always have some pockets around the world. We are a large organization operating in many countries around the world. Obviously, not everything is created equal, and we will keep improving our operations wherever we operate around the world. Broad-based, no, nothing major is expected at least with everything we know right now, so from the environment. If you look at our SG&A, as well as over the past few years, we've done some very good progress as well in terms of productivity, and we're going to keep doing that as well going forward, mostly driven by digital automation, which means that with the same team we can serve more customers and do more with the customers that we're serving as well are directly driven by digital automation. Which means that if in the past, our company was growing its team more or less at the same speed as the company was growing, that's going to change in the years to come, not because our model has changed, but because our technology is helping our teams do more with less. And last point, I'd say in hindsight, Jeff, I would do again the same thing. If we would have reduced our team in 2020, when most of our customers did ultimately, well, we would have lost all those relationships. We would have lost all the capabilities and expertise that this team had. We've kept it. This is a huge advantage for us, for our customers in going forward, but our productivity is going to keep improving in the years to come.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Christophe, could you talk a bit about Europe? And I guess I'm less focused on sort of consumer recession-type angles and more just thinking about the energy situation over there and how Ecolab would be impacted if there were natural gas or electricity shortages in the fourth quarter and potentially into the first quarter. Would that do to your own operations and ability to produce or procure raw materials? And what might it do to some set of your -- some subset of your customer base? And presumably, you don't have anything baked in for these risks in the second half guidance?
Christophe Beck: Yes. This is a great question. So these some I know and some we don't know, obviously. So starting first with our business in Europe, overall, doing really well, growing double digit. It's been very resilient during the COVID times as well. So overall, Ecolab in Europe doing really well. Now to your question of operational resilience, depending on what could happen on the eastern front. We have a very good supply chain team that has been tried years after years when you think about it, so what we went through over the past few years being so natural catastrophes in the U.S. like the Texas freeze or what happened in China as well. So we saw all the lockdowns that we had to go through. We've managed to really supply our customers in remarkable ways around the world in a very difficult situation. So when I think about Europe, our team was there together as well over the last few weeks thinking about the extreme scenarios and ensuring supply during those times. I feel reasonably good about our ability to ensure supply in the case that natural gas would be stopped from Russia, which I guess is the core of your question. The impact on our customers is way harder to answer because obviously, we don't operate for them. So depending on how they're going to do, that's going to have an influence on us. But this is something I can't obviously influence. The only thing we can do is ensure the supply and driving as well new business with existing and new customers as well to try to mitigate that as well as we can.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And as a follow-up, you referenced in the back half guidance, you sort of let us knew that maybe you're being a little conservative on the volume side of the equation. Where do you think the biggest risks are to the back half forecast. If it doesn't come in where you think it's going to, what are the 1 or 2 things that you're worried about in relation to the forecast?
Christophe Beck: It's hard to tell. But the hotspots are obviously starting with Europe for all the reasons that you mentioned before, geopolitically, not an easy situation. Obviously, there, we have a great business, doing really well with a very strong team. But okay, we can't create miracles as well either. So I'm very cautious about what could happen in Europe. In the U.S., the economy is not going to accelerate. We'll see what the print will be for GDP as well in the second quarter in the U.S. Well, it's going to head towards more of a slowdown than an acceleration. So that's the second area. And the third one that was a bit of a question mark, at least a few months ago, was China, have become a little bit more comfortable with the situation in China. Our business is doing reasonably well, all considered as well over there. So first Europe, quite a bit behind the U.S. and way further out China. But overall, it's to remain cautious and to think about all that could happen, to have as well contingency plan in place in case things would differently than what people would expect.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Steve Byrne with Bank of America.
Steve Byrne: Within your water treatment business, are municipal water supply authorities currently customers of yours? And if not, is there something structural about that end market that is not of interest to you? One would think that drinking water standards are only going to get more challenging for these municipalities. And just curious to hear your outlook and interest for that end market?
Christophe Beck: Well, let me start by saying, Steve that we are literally not in the municipal water business by choice. We do maybe a few millions here and there. But its totally irrelevant for our company because we do not want to be in that business. We have so much more to do on the Industrial and Institutional and Healthcare end markets that we know extremely well as a company. When I think about what's the main reason for that? Well, first, it's choice of priorities. We want to really stay focused where we can truly win. And second most importantly, the way we sell, as mentioned before, it's really helping customers improve their total operating cost while reducing their environmental impact. This is a value proposition that resonates extremely well with companies. Municipal, by definition, are governments. Governments do not think that way. In terms of total operating cost, it's much more what's my budget that I have for the year. This is not the way we drive our business. So there's a mismatch as well here. Is it going to stay like that for the next 50 years? I don't know. But for now, no interest in entering the municipal market.
Steve Byrne: And with respect to innovation, can you comment on what areas of focus you're particularly excited about with respect to new products from innovation?
Christophe Beck: Yes, we have some great stories. It's been the case for many years, obviously, in our company. I would start with a few macro innovation. The first one is Ecolab Science Certified. As mentioned before, this is a comprehensive program for institutional customers, restaurants and hotels that are protecting their guests. That's been a major innovation for us. In the Industrial field, think about net 0 water. This is a comprehensive set of programs that's helping our customers deliver on the sustainability commitments or ambition as well. We are uniquely positioned to help customers get there. This is a major driver for the future. Think about Purolite. It's an acquired, obviously, innovation that's growing fast, very high margin. This is new to our portfolio. And the last I'd mention is Ecolab 3D, probably one of the largest industrial clouds out there that we've been building over the years where we have thousands of clients that are connected that can improve their performance in real time compares what the performance unit versus unit within a company, across an industry and across industries as well. So those are 4 key innovation that I would qualify. So as enterprise innovation as well. But then you can think about data centers as well. We didn't have a program for data centers. It's a new business. We started that a few years ago, extremely successful as well. So this is a good one as well. Think about Lobster Ink,which is also providing online real-time training for institutional customers, hotels and restaurants, with all the staffing changes they have. We have close to 3 million users as well today. So working really well as well. And I can maybe mention just the last one, which is during COVID, we've launched as well our fastest kill for COVID virus in 15 seconds program for institutional customers, hotels and restaurants as well that have been used as well in the health care. Those are just a little bit a list of innovations that are coming to mind with your question.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger: Yes, I was -- could you elaborate on specifically the Healthcare segment, Christophe. Could we see that return to revenue growth in the third quarter and maybe some commentary on your view of electric procedures -- elective procedures, excuse me, versus pre-pandemic levels?
Christophe Beck: Yes. I want to be careful on this one. So as mentioned before, so Healthcare is a business that still needs work. I like the focus that we have on it. It's going to take some time as much as I hated and you hated as well I think so, thinking about the fourth quarter, so to see growth in Healthcare, not in the group, Healthcare and Life Science. Obviously, Life Sciences is a great shape. It's clearly so health care. I think it's more looking at the fourth quarter growth, its probably more realistic. And if we can improve in Q3, well, that's going to be even better. But I would really focus on Q4.
Scott Schneeberger: Appreciate that. And then could you categorize just overall or summarize -- it was in the press release this quarter or last quarter, investments in the business and last quarter was investments in the sales force. Could you just categorize broadly where the company is making investments and just levels of magnitude? Do you anticipate amplifying that or if the economy takes a turn for the worse, how discretionary on your ability to pull back? You've mentioned just a few questions ago that digital is something that -- it's a very consistent spending logically so. But if you can just categorize the broad base of investments, that would be appreciated?
Christophe Beck: Yes. So macro picture, investments stable. They've been stable over the past few years. They're going to stay stable in the years to come as well. So if you think about CapEx, for instance, 6% of our sales, that's been steady for a very long time and it's going to stay as well like that. Second, our SG&A, you've seen productivity is improving as well every single year. And we will keep doing that as well. So it's investing in our team, but driving SG&A productivity as well at the same time. If I think about incremental investment, it's going to be mostly on 2 areas -- or 3 areas, sorry. The first one, our growth businesses, like Life Science, like Purolite, like data centers, like animal health, those high-growth, high-margin businesses. We will obviously keep over-investing in those ones because we want to build our leadership position as well going forward. Second is in digital for the reasons that you mentioned before, it's adding value for our customers, it's driving a better experience for our customers, and it's driving productivity. So all good reasons as well to do it the right way. Included in that, you have cybersecurity as well. The more digital you do, the more cyber risk you get, the more you need to protect yourself. We need to obviously make sure that we're well protected and I like where we are. And third is behind innovation, the products, all the programs I mentioned before as well, to the previous question, we will keep over investing as well. But overall, very steady in terms of overall envelope of investment, both CapEx and OpEx.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Dan Rizzo: This is Dan Rizzo on for Laurence. Just one quick one. If we think about the $0.10 FX headwind in Q3 and a $0.30 for 2022, what are the assumptions for where the euro and the pound are going to be trading over the next 6 months or so or next 5 months or so?
Christophe Beck: That's a great question. Dan, let me pass it to Scott, our CFO, who has more details on that.
Scott Kirkland: Yes. Thanks for the question, Dan. Yes, as you might expect, we're expecting continued rate hikes through the end of the year, probably in the range of 8. And so as you see that FX, it's ramped up through the second quarter, and we're expected to double basically in the second half relative to the first half, so about the $0.30, as you said.
Operator: The next question coming from the line of Andy Wittman with Baird.
Andy Wittmann: Scott, I was hoping to keep you going here, I guess and talk about free cash flow. Year-to-date, the free cash flow of the business is, I guess, I'm calculating just under $200 million, which I think is probably a little bit behind pace. It looks like inventory and accounts receivable has consumed a decent amount of capital. And I suppose given the revenue line, that's somewhat explainable. But could you just talk about your forecast for the year? What we should be thinking about what free cash flow generation could potentially look like? And if there's anything else going on in some of these key working capital accounts that we should know about besides effects from the top line?
Scott Kirkland: Thanks for that question, Andy. No, you're spot on with that is the free cash flow really for the first half of the year is, as we expected. And as you're seeing the increases in sales, the investments in working capital as well as CapEx, which, as a reminder, about half of our CapEx is customer-related equipment. So as we see new business and growth in the business, we invest in CapEx but expect that to be in line, as Christophe said, that 5% to 6% of sales historically. So -- but as you think about the full year, we continue to expect as we talked after Q1 to have our free cash flow conversion in that mid-90% consistent with historical.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Eric Petrie with Citi.
Eric Petrie: It's my understanding to get the Ecolab Science Certified deal, you have to buy the majority of products from Ecolab. How does that compare to your existing customer base in terms of supplier diversity?
Christophe Beck: I want to make sure I get your question right. When you say supplier diversity in terms of ethnical minorities, is it what you're talking about?
Eric Petrie: Yes. How much of your existing customer base buys from you versus others?
Christophe Beck: Okay. Well, in terms of customers, this is a good question. I don't have the exact answer for that. So we can work on that and come back, obviously, to you. We are extremely driven, obviously, so by both diversity inside our company and outside our company. So this is true for our customers, and we have good progress there, but I want to make sure we get the right facts, and Andy is going to come back to you. And when I think about supplier diversity for the company, we've delivered on our commitments. We've improved dramatically as well. So our purchases from minorities as well and diverse suppliers in the country in the U.S. as well, we're perfectly on track versus what we had expected so far.
Eric Petrie: Okay. For my follow-up, how does your volume mix fare by month in the quarter? And directionally, how did it trend in July with the surcharge in place?
Christophe Beck: We usually don't give that granularity. So within the quarter, it's also not a straight line. So within the quarter as well, we have some seasonality as well that's coming as well into play. But we usually don't have big spikes within a quarter as well. So what we've communicated for the quarter is a good proxy in what we've seen in the second quarter. And the third quarter pricing is going to be an even bigger share versus volume which is not surprising since pricing is going up. Total organic growth is going to remain strong, which means that volume is going to remain stable/down in the meantime going forward.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research.
Kevin McCarthy: Christophe, with regard to your Global Institutional and Specialty segment, do you have new structural price increases on the table or set to flow through in the back half outside of the realm of surcharges?
Christophe Beck: Absolutely, Kevin. First and foremost, pricing in our company is happening in every business every single year, and that's been true for a very long time, maybe since the company started as well. So this is really a muscle that we keep practicing every single year. And pricing is something that checks as well in our model because it's driven with the value, the return, the eROI that we are providing to our customers. So we're going to keep driving structural pricing in all businesses, including Institutional, obviously, in the months, quarters and years to come. On top of it, is coming the energy surcharge, which is related to the energy oil and gas markets, as mentioned as well before. But the beauty of the structural price is really that it's driven by the value that we create for our customers, which is the eROI, how much savings do we help them create in their own operations versus the investment that they're making. And we're really making sure that, that return stays as strong as it can be. So pricing is true for every business, and it's going to continue to be the case in the years to come.
Kevin McCarthy: I see. That's helpful. And then as a follow-up, sticking with the Global Institutional segment. If I look pre-pandemic, you earned pretty consistently between $930 million of EBIT to about $1 billion back in 2018. And so if I compare those sorts of levels to where you're tracking this year, it seems as though you've got maybe $300 million or more of price cost to make up. Do you agree with that math? And if so, what kind of time might be required to restore the profitability to the older levels?
Christophe Beck: As I mentioned before, so to take the big picture, I think from a margin perspective, in Institutional, it's probably the second half of '23 that we're going to get there in terms of ratio. In terms of volume, I'm expecting that first half of next year in terms of sales we had, obviously, already now. We're working as hard as we can to get as quick as we can. So towards those milestones that I just mentioned. But macro, that's a good proxy. That being said, it's important to keep in mind as well that Institutional like most of our businesses in the company post this cycle are going to be in a stronger place than they were before, driven by 3 things: First, we've gained share. So we have bigger businesses. Second, we have a pricing driven by the value that we create. That takes time to get to the right place, but it's driving margin leverage. And third, we have this digital automation that's going to keep helping. So the SG&A ratio, which is going to be a good story. So taking time I want to do that the right way, it takes more time. It's kind of short-term pain for long-term gain. But I feel really good about where we're going with Institutional. Last point. Institutional was mostly driven by North America as you know. So from an EBIT perspective, I like the fact that the regions around the world are improving as well in the meantime, especially Europe as well. So it's a business that's getting stronger as well from a geographic perspective, which is also good in terms of stability going forward.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli Funds.
Rosemarie Morbelli: If we look at Healthcare for a minute -- I mean, that has been kind of a problem child for a while. Do you have any specific path to get the margin, the profitability of that business to the level of your other operations?
Christophe Beck: Yes, it's a great question. And you're right that it's been a problem child for quite a while. That's one way to put it. The way I'm expressing it within the organization is to say, well, it's a dream that hasn't come through yet because the promise of reducing hospital-acquired infection in hospital, well, makes human sense, people hurting less and it make a profitability sense for hospitals because it's less work. Obviously, since people are not readmitted for new infections that they get. So I like the promise. I don't like the journey that we've been on. It's taken way too long for us to get to the right place, and we're not at the right place yet. Now back to your question. So the main driver is really sort of focused on those programs as I mentioned during the Investor Day as well, which is central sterile, for instance, which is kind of like a big kitchen. Our Healthcare team doesn't like when I compare that, that way, restaurants to a hospital, but you have a dish machine in a central steroid with all the instruments coming in. This is where we can play, this is where we know how to win. This is how we know where to make money as well. And that's a core program that I want to strengthen and build around it. Our programs are doing really well. Then unfortunately, only 40% of the total business today, that will grow, the business will improve. It's taking time, too much time, but we will get there as well.
Rosemarie Morbelli: All right. And then if I look at the pro forma gross margin in 2019, it was 44%. What is the likelihood that you can get back to that before 2025, even if we have a mild recession?
Christophe Beck: I feel really good of getting back there. Obviously, the work that we've done on structural pricing, on energy surcharge is going to be the main driver for us to get there. On top of it, you have the productivity improvements, driven by digital automation in SG&A and in our operations as well. So getting back to the 44% is step 1. Step 2 is to build even beyond the 44%. The question will be the timing. And the timing is related, obviously, to the shape of inflation in the quarters and year to come. The trajectory, I have zeroed out that we're going to get to the right place. The only question is how fast we're going to get there. And that's depending mostly on external factors.
Operator: The final question is from the line of Mike Harrison with Seaport Research.
Mike Harrison: I had a couple of quick ones, hopefully. One is on Purolite. The capacity additions I guess I thought that some of those were going to start to trickle in, in Q3, but it sounds like you're still sold out through Q3. Is there going to be some additional commercial volume in Q4? And are you at a point right now where you're able to baseload that additional capacity with customer commitments?
Christophe Beck: Yes, we're in a great place. It's an interesting problem to have where demand is really strong with the innovation we're bringing to the market even stronger when we combine. So what we're doing in Life Science and water as well, so for our customers, we're maxing capacity. As you mentioned, we hope to bring that capacity online during the third quarter, knowing exactly when that's going to happen. I don't know yet. And that's why I'm assuming that's probably going to take till the end of the third quarter, we want to do that extremely well. Quality needs to be absolutely secured. Those are pharma products, as you know, as well, and we want to do it as well the Ecolab way, which means that it's going to be unleashed in Q4 and in 2023. It's taking a bit more time than what I would have wished to build that capacity, but I like the trade of getting very solid quality even if it's taking a little bit more time, I'm building for the future here. If the future is in Q4 instead of Q3, I'm fine with that. The trajectory is going to be really nice. And the more I look at that business, the more like it.
Mike Harrison: All right. Then the paper business continues to be very strong. Can you give, Christophe, some additional color? Are you taking some market share? And if so, is that more of a new customer or a new mill win? Or is it expanding share of wallet with existing customers?
Christophe Beck: It's all of the above. It's a fascinating business, paper. And especially since we've evolved over time from old graphic paper, the paper you write on, to more consumer products, which are tissues and boxes for the most part. This is a market that's strong, that requires a lot of technology that we can provide as well, that is much less cyclical than printing paper ultimately here. So the portfolio shift that we've made in paper towards consumer products has been extremely successful, both from a sales perspective, attractiveness of what we're doing and margins as well because we help those consumer good companies operating at a lower total cost while reducing their environmental impact, they use a lot of water, as you probably know as well and create a lot of waste. Well, what we offer to them helps them reduce environmental impact, reduce the total cost and improve the quality as well as of the finished products. It's a good story, and this team has been great at executing pricing as well, which on top of it, makes it an even better business.
Operator: We reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'll hand the floor to Mr. Hedberg for further remarks.
Andy Hedberg: Thank you. That wraps up our second quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated discussion slides will be available for replay on our website. Thank you for your time and participation, and I hope everyone has a great rest of the day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-26 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ecolab's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Release Conference Call [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  At this time, it is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mike Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Mr. Monahan, you may begin.
Mike Monahan: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's first quarter conference call. With me today are Christophe Beck, Ecolab's CEO; and Scott Kirkland, our CFO. A discussion of our results, along with our earnings release and the slides referencing the quarters results, are available on Ecolab's Web site at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements in these materials, which state that this teleconference and the associated supplemental materials include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described under the Risk Factors section in our most recent Form 10-K and in our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with a brief overview, continued strong double digit sales growth driven by accelerating pricing and further new business wins overcame substantially increased delivered product cost inflation and unfavorable currency translation to deliver the adjusted diluted earnings per share gain. Sales were led by double digit gains in our Institutional & Specialty, Industrial and Other segments with attractive growth in all geographic regions. We drove the strong sales performance in a rapidly changing environment where the rise in new COVID infections early in the first quarter slowed the global recovery and further disrupted supply chains while the war in Eastern Europe later in the quarter exacerbated the supply chain costs and geopolitical uncertainty. Our delivered product cost inflation soared an estimated 25% in the first quarter versus last year and added an estimated $0.55 per share of incremental costs to the first quarter alone. We reacted aggressively and continued accelerating our pricing, which reached 5% in the quarter, up from 3% in the fourth quarter. We now look for a structural pricing to increase 6% to 7% for the balance of the year. And when adding in our previously announced energy surcharge of up to 12%, we expect very strong pricing to overcome the substantial delivered product cost inflation. Along with our new business wins, strengthened business portfolio and improved productivity, we look to realize continued strong top line momentum for the full year. We expect accelerating earnings growth through the second half and expect to deliver low teens growth in adjusted diluted earnings per share for the full year 2022, understanding there's a uncertainty in the timing of the surcharge realization, which will become more clear as we exit the second quarter. This strong business momentum along with our enhanced value proposition and favorable long term macro trends position us well to leverage the post COVID environment and deliver further superior long term shareholder returns. And now here's Christophe Beck with his comments.
Christophe Beck: Thank you so much, Mike, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm very pleased with how the team continued to execute in Q1. In a rapidly changing environment, we remain focused on what we could control, like new business, pricing, innovation and exceptional customer service, while we continue to manage extremely well but we could not totally control, like obviously inflation, COVID restrictions and now the war in Eastern Europe. We started '22, actually, with strong momentum as our fundamental business drivers continue to improve, which is most important to me. Fixed currency organic sales growth accelerated to 12% with 7% of that led by volume gains from strong demand and new business generation. Institutional & Specialty, as you just heard, led the quarter with 19% organic growth, continuing its strong recovery while Industrial further strengthened its already healthy momentum by delivering 12% organic growth, which is even better than what they delivered in Q4. Our margins were also trending very well for most of the first quarter, even ahead of our own expectations as we were on a path to nicely overcome the significant delivered product cost inflation until the war in Eastern Europe started. As we all know, this had a major impact also on global energy costs, which impacted the last few weeks of the quarter. This spike in costs added an unexpected incremental $0.04 a share in the last months alone, resulting in a total unfavorable impact from delivered product cost inflation of $0.55 per share in the first quarter close to 70% of our ultimate Q1 earnings. Importantly, we overcame the significant headwind, thanks to accelerated pricing, which rose from 3% in the fourth quarter to 5% in the first quarter. And most importantly, we did all this while maintaining strong momentum in demand, new business, pricing and productivity, the fundamentals of Ecolab. So based on what we see today and the actions we have already taken, I remain really confident in our ability to continue to deliver strong top line growth and accelerated pricing in '22 to get ahead of this new energy cost and to see our margins turn positive during the second half to deliver a strong full year 2022. Even if the path to get there has now changed quite a bit once again, the unexpected rapid rise of oil and gas costs during the last month of the first quarter will now impact three full months of the second. We therefore had to react boldly and we did. We decided to implement a global energy surcharge very first for Ecolab, which will now come on top of our increasing long term structural pricing. And once fully implemented, the surcharge will then behave as an offset to what we expect to be short term but incremental energy cost inflation. Now we started the second quarter and actually with 100% of the incremental energy cost, but 0% of the energy surcharge as its implementation started on April 1st. Because of this, we now expect the second quarter to see the most acute squeeze in the year between price and delivered product cost inflation. Occurring at the same time, the surcharge is being implemented with customers around the world, but early progress is very encouraging. As the energy surcharge progressively rolls out, we should see the bulk of the surcharge primarily impact the second half of the year and somewhat the second quarter. And accordingly, this initial benefit from the surcharge along with accelerating structural pricing, strong volume growth and productivity gains should help us drive our second quarter delivery with earnings that approach last year's $122 million. And finally, as it's been demonstrated over and over again at Ecolab, when challenging times strike, we make absolutely sure we protect what matters. Our people, our customers and our company. Over the past few years, when we could have reduced our workforce to manage short term costs, we protected our global team, one of the key reasons why today our customer retention remains so high. We also protect our customers with major breakthrough innovation like Ecolab Science Certified, one of the key reasons why today our new business generation remains so strong. And we protected our company by investing in digital technology, one of the key reasons where today our productivity keeps improving. This approach has also demonstrated over and over again that our model starts generating significant margin leverage when cost inflation stabilizes and structured pricing [sticks]. So with continuing strong demand for our unique solutions that prevent [infection] and protect natural resources when customers need them the most, we expect organic sales growth to remain in double digit territory for the rest of the year. With structured pricing rising between 6% to 7% for the balance of the year and an energy surcharge that will progressively act as an offset for the spike in energy costs, we expect operating margin comparison to turn positive sometime during the second half of the year. This should then support our early expectations to deliver full year earnings growth that reaches the low teens, understanding, as you've heard that there is uncertainty in the timing of the realization of the surcharge and actually the pace of inflation, but this will become more clear as we exit the second quarter. And also, let's not forget that our full year delivery includes $0.26 of Purolite amortization of 5% of EPS. And as that momentum extends beyond '22, we expect to show Ecolab's hallmark of consistent superior earnings growth for the many years to come. I look forward to your questions.
Mike Monahan: Thanks, Christophe. That concludes our formal remarks. As a final note before we start Q&A, we plan to hold our annual tour of our booth at the National Restaurant Association show in Chicago on Monday, May 23. If you have any questions, please contact our office. Operator, would you please begin the question-and-answer period?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Tim Mulrooney with William Blair.
Tim Mulrooney: Just one question from me today, Christophe, on the delivered product costs. I know you said they were up 25% in the first quarter. Can you just talk about how inflation trended through the first quarter and through April, and then how you're thinking about that progression through the second quarter?
Christophe Beck: Actually, we've become experts at this. Unfortunately, if I may say so -- and it's important to step back, probably because when we look at 2021, so last year. Well, the first half of the year, there was almost no inflation. It was close to 1%. And then the third quarter, as we remember, so move to 10% for us of this delivered product costs, which represents 25% of our sales, as you know. And then in Q4, so it doubled to 20% and the full year saw 10% of inflation for Ecolab, so for 2021. And also to your point, in Q1 2022, we're expecting kind of the same as in Q4, so the 20%. Well, it moved to 25% because of the war in Eastern Europe that started, so at the end of February. And we're expecting initially Q2 to be the same as Q1 or Q4, so 20%, 20%, 20%, and ultimately, we ended up with 20% in Q4, 25% in Q1, 30% expected in Q2. So when you're talking about April, so it's trending towards this full second quarter of 30%, which we expect that for the full year we should end up with 25% inflation for [DPC] when we were thinking initially that it would be 15%. And to put it in perspective, Tim, just to conclude here that will represent roughly $1 billion over 18 months that we will have to overcome, which we have overcome. So the part of 21 last year and delivering EPS growth, the same in Q2 as well and really the same as well for the quarters to come in 2022.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Christophe, looking at Q2 guidance, if you look at the various puts and takes on volume and pricing, et cetera. Can you discuss why we only approached last year's [indiscernible]. And secondly, what drives a strong earnings growth in the back half of the year?
Christophe Beck: That's a big question, David, but let me do one by one. So first, Q2, if I may. Well, the situation changed obviously, so when the war started at the end of February, because the first half of the first two months of Q1, we had a great start. We were trending really well, both in terms of top line momentum. You've heard this 12% organic growth driven by 7% volume and 5% price. Well, at the end of February, things changed. So we were ahead of our expectations. We were getting ahead of [DPC] inflation, and we're expecting to deliver strong Q1 and really get in a very good position for a strong Q2 delivery. That was before the war started at the end of February. So when the war started, we obviously saw good impact on the energy cost, which triggered that surcharge that we've talked about, where we had just a few days basically to decide that globally, all businesses, all countries will move together in order to compensate for this additional energy cost. As you've heard before, so this month of March added $0.04 to our delivery. And for the second quarter, well, you get three months of that obviously and trending up, unfortunately. So it will all depend now, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, on the speed at which we can deliver the surcharge, which is going well but it's a complicated exercise. It's a 40 end markets, it's 170 countries around the world, we want to make sure that all customers are aligned with it as well in order to have the right, obviously, revenue recognition. We're going to make sure we don't have collection issues as well. So it's hard to know exactly how the timing is going to be. So I'm having Q2, basically with 100% of the headwind and a surcharge that's progressing during the quarter. How to know exactly where we're going to end at the end of the quarter. But I think we're going to get down close to where we were last year. And honestly, if get to 95% of where I was last year, I'd be happy with it, but we will do our utmost obviously, to get as close as we can. That's the first part of your question. The second for the full year with our ambition to get towards the low teens, which obviously requires a strong second half. Well, think about it. So we have strong momentum, which always helps, obviously, 12% driven by high demand. The price is really good. So we have 5% that's been accelerating during the first quarter, moving towards 6% to 7% without losses of customers or major losses, its always onesie-twosies, but nothing major. Well, we have productivity that keeps getting better as well. You've seen that in our results for Q1 over 100 basis points of improvement. So we have fundamentals that are in very good shape. Then we have the surcharge that's coming almost 100% for the second half. So if you get the fundamentals plus the surcharge realization, and also expecting that inflation will plateau and ease at some point as well during the second half, well, we should end up in a very good place from a margin leverage perspective. But that all depends on the timing, first, on the execution of the surcharge and second, how inflation is going to evolve. But if things happen well, we'll end up in the right place with a very strong second half, that I'm sure about it where we end up for the full year exactly that's harder to tell, but it's just a matter of one month or two plus or minus at the end of the year that's going to bring us to the final result. But at the end of the day, David, what I'm really trying to drive here is to have the right fundamentals that ultimately, in '23, we end up in a place where we get the high margin leverage that we're all looking for starting in the second half and then getting even better for 2023. So the two parts of your questions here. Hopefully, I could address them.
David Begleiter: Just quickly on the surcharge, how quickly is the design to roll off if and when oil prices do ease off as well?
Christophe Beck: That's something that we will have to discuss with customers. I don't think that it's going to happen overnight. But it's taking a few months to implement. It's probably going to take a few months to roll off as well whenever that's going to happen.
Operator: Next question comes from Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: Christophe, I just had a big picture question for you in terms of outside of obviously, the inflationary pressures you talked about, just curious if you're starting to see any macro pressures, maybe specifically in Europe, given all the press around it.
Christophe Beck: So generally, so far, so good, but we're all reading the newspaper and looking at the news, obviously. So when I think in terms of demand for what we do, it's very strong. All companies have made sustainability commitments, as you know, and they need always more of our services in order ultimately to deliver on the sustainability commitment. On the other hand, as well from an infection prevention as well, food safety, COVID or whatever else that can be as well, our customers ask always more so from what we're doing. So we don't have a demand issue. We're really on strong trends, which is really good. So so far, we haven't seen or perceived any slowdown with two exceptions. The first one is institutional, the restaurants and the hotels, but especially the restaurants. So we thought that it would open up quicker during the first quarter and continue on that trend during the second quarter. Well, it's been slower from a market perspective than what we were expecting. So is that as an outcome as well of the economic pressure at the beginning of the year, it was related to Omicron obviously. But now is it because of interest rate and price of oil and so on, we'll see that. So that's one small indication. The second one is China because of the [load] counts over there that are more extreme than everyone was expecting. It's 4% of our company. So anyway, it's a good news, bad news. Sometimes I would wish it would be much bigger. Today, I'm happy it's only 4% but that's probably there that we might have as well, so some darkening clouds, hopefully not, but that could happen. Otherwise, so far, so good. The last thing I would mention, Manav, is probably currency. As you know, the dollar is strengthening. We're expecting so kind of roughly $0.10 for the full year and it's doubled as we speak right now. So I would imagine that, that's going to strengthen as well, so it might become as well a further headwind.
Manav Patnaik: And maybe just asked another way, like maybe near term, medium term, longer term, like if demand is not an issue, like do you plan on changing your sales force growth strategy at all?
Christophe Beck: I want to make sure I understand right what you're saying when you say sales force growth
Manav Patnaik: Would you be hiring more people -- would your pace of hiring increase given all this demand out there?
Christophe Beck: So yes and no. In the past, I would say, pre-digital times, our growth was almost directly correlated to our growth of our field sales force. That's changing now over time. It will still keep growing but not at the same pace as it used to over the last 98 years, of the 99 years that we've been in business, because digital automation is obviously helping us automate a lot of transactional work that our team is doing today, like driving a bunch of stuff you can do so with remote monitoring, preparation as well of sales calls, you can do much more so on the computers now, and we've implemented all that over the past few years, as you know, that requires less homework as well to get ready for customers, fixing equipment as well, we can do that remotely. So there's a bunch of stuff that we can automate through digital technology, which will disconnect to a certain extent the growth of other company and the growth of the field force, which drives as well to SG&A productivity.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Steve Byrne with Bank of America.
Steve Byrne: I'd like to better understand this energy surcharge, is it defined by oil, natural gas or electricity, or does that depend on your customer? And just want to make sure I understood you correctly about the inflation you're expecting in the second quarter. If I understood you correctly, you're looking at a 30% inflation, maybe 20% from raw materials and 10% from energy just that I hear you right. And if so, are you getting any pushback on this energy surcharge given it's roughly twice the magnitude of your structural price increases.
Christophe Beck: So two parts. The first one, we've announced that to customers around the world, it's a global surcharge for the whole company, all customers, all industries, all countries around the world. It gets implemented slightly differently business by business then afterwards. Think about pest elimination is very different than a heavy industrial business like paper, for instance. But the general principle is, yes, it's related to the price of oil. And what we've said is that the surcharge will be between 8% and 12%, it can go higher than 12% if the oil price gets higher. But 8%, 10% and 12% are related to oil pegs that we've defined as well so with customers. So if the oil price goes further up, the energy surcharge will go further up. We wanted to have it temporary, mechanical, formulaic as well that customers know how it works, when they get it, how much it is, when it gets off as well. That's the theory. The practice is obviously a little bit different as mentioned before. So pest elimination might be different than a heavy industrial business. But generally, we discuss with all customers to get it right, making sure that it's an offset to the energy increase or energy cost increase that we have in our P&L. And so far, it's gone quite well with customers around the world. It's early. We've been three weeks at that. So it started April 1st. But so far, so good. It's going to take a few months to finalize as well. So I'm quite happy with the progress we're making right now but there is still some work that remains in order to get to the right place. I might pause here just to make sure that I'm addressing your question.
Steve Byrne: I wanted to also ask you about the Purolite acquisition. You got four months under your belt now. Is anything surprising you, anything going slower than you expected or anything that's a positive surprise?
Christophe Beck: Well, all of the above. It's progressing well with all the usual challenges of M&A of integration. It was a family company. I would call it a big start-up as well. So then suddenly, you end up in a larger corporation with processes, with practices, with organization and all that, Obviously, there is some fraction that needs to be aligned, but we're in a very good place. In terms of team, you probably know that our leader for Purolite is a General Manager who comes from Ecolab since the two brothers retired. They were all 80 years old or quite. So that was very natural. So we have a team combined from former Ecolab -- former Purolite people and people coming from Ecolab as well. From a performance perspective, you know that business was growing double digit as we took it over in '21, it will be growing double digit in '22. What's important to keep in mind is that the first half of the year, we are capacity constrained. So the demand is higher than the supply we can provide, which is the reason why we are building a new plant in Pennsylvania and extending another one in the UK as well, and that's going to come online in the second half of the year. So we're going to have kind of this pattern of double digit last year, kind of slower growth in the first half this year, much higher growth in the second half of this year. And then after raises by '23 since capacity has been such a a big driver that we had to open in order to grow further. But last but not least, the more we look at it, the more we like it. It's an unbelievable industry, biopharma. It's huge. It's growing really fast. It's something we can address. There's very few competitors that can do what we can do as well. We have really saw a technology that no one else has in some cases as well. And what I like the most is that we can build a lot of things around it to really build that growth platform like we did 20 years ago with pest elimination and all the businesses that we have in the company than 10 years ago, [water] that came as well, so around food safety and hygiene at Ecolab and now we have Purolite that can serve the life science business, but also the industrial businesses to which we can add as well some M&A down the road, which makes it even more interesting. So all in all, I would do it again.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital Markets.
Ashish Sabadra: I just wanted to focus on the Industrial segment. We saw some pretty broad based acceleration there across water, food and beverage and downstream. I was wondering if you could talk about what kind of momentum do you see going forward, and how much of it was volume versus pricing driven?
Christophe Beck: Industrial is in a great shape. It's [half] our company, as you know. They've been growing 12% organic in the first quarter of this year versus 7% in Q4, by the way, 5% was volume, 7% was price. And what I like the most is that we have acceleration on all fronts. Water moved from Q4 to Q1, so 8% [accelerated] to 11%. F&B was at 4%, is now at 10%. Paper was at 15%, remained strong at 16%. And Downstream, which has been stuck for two years, ended up the year at 8% and 16% in this first quarter as well. And what's really interesting is that there are some new engines as well in there, as we call them, like global high techs; with data centers growing fast as well, chemical industry as well, which is a new business that we've created; and animal health as well, which are kind of those future growth businesses that are adding to the momentum of that group, which is doing really well, broad based, all businesses, most countries around the world; in China, a little bit more tricky for the reasons I mentioned as well before, but otherwise, in a very good shape. And just end up on margins as well for that in Industrial, which is always a question. While margins were down 10% in Q1, but it's important to keep in mind, they were up 19% versus 2019. So before COVID struck as well. Industrial has really shown ultimately how do they behave during inflationary times that was pre, obviously, this cycle, that was '17-'18 cycle, ended up great margin improvement in 2020. And that cycle with very good pricing as well, we'll end up into margin leverage down the road as well as it did in the past and gets up in terms of margin ratio as well as we go through each of those cycles.
Ashish Sabadra: And maybe if I can just ask a question at the high level on the volume side. Obviously, very strong momentum in volume. But as we go through the rest of the year, the comps get a bit tougher maybe on the Institutional side, easier on the health care side. But you should start to see some of the benefit from -- better benefit from reopening. So how should we think about the volume trend at a high level across the company?
Christophe Beck: Overall, roughly the same for the reasons you mentioned, Ashish. Some are going to turn more positive and some are going to slow down for comp question, as you mentioned. But generally -- so top line is going to remain in double digit territory, and the volumes will kind of remain, for the most part, similar that's assuming there's no recession or big, obviously, events happening out there. But otherwise, I think it's a pretty steady momentum that we have across the company.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Chris Parkinson with Mizuho.
Chris Parkinson: Christophe, would you just take a step back over the last few years. Obviously, there have been a lot of ebbs and flows during the COVID situation or whatever you want to call it. You have launched a bunch of new, I would say, products but more likely programs in food safety, sanitization, among many other verticals. When you sit back and think with the management team about share gain potential, kind of where you are and where you could be. Just is there any difference in how you would peg your growth algo for the institutional portfolio or pieces of industrial versus the market and peers versus, let's say, a few years ago? Just how has that thought process evolved?
Christophe Beck: Well, generally, we're definitely gaining shares -- if we compare, obviously, always our growth with competitions growth. And I guess you do the same. So we're way ahead of most of them. We have some weaknesses sometimes that we recognize and deal with obviously. But I feel good in terms of shares that we're gaining across the key businesses across the key countries. If you take Institutional, as you mentioned, for instance, as well, it's interesting to take one fact since Institution in the US is so big. Well take our restaurant business in Institutional. Sales in Q1 are at the same level as they were in 2019, so pre-COVID. While the dine-in traffic in restaurants is [75%] down versus 2019 for all the reasons we know our staffing and all the staff that are [bugging] restaurants ultimately. But back to the traffic in restaurants is a third down versus '19, well, that's showing so how much share we've gained as well in that specific example of Institutional, and that could cover other businesses as well.
Chris Parkinson: And just a very quick follow-up on health care. You mentioned the supplemental, some momentum with elective surgeries in the US, offset by a slower recovery in Europe. But the competitive dynamic kind of evolved there also during the COVID situation. Some of the HPCs got a little bit more aggressive. Can you just talk about your strategy there a little bit more, once again, where you stand today and what you -- how you believe you're positioned for growth and just comment on how Street should be thinking about modeling that over the next, let's say, two years?
Christophe Beck: Well, interestingly enough, before COVID, the major convergence of focus in health care was towards surgical. So operating rooms, central sterile, patient room, so really so that's centered around the operating room, which I believe was a very small strategy and it didn't come from me. So I take no credit about this one. But I think the company did it really well. Except that during COVID, well, surgeries got shut down, postponed and it happens a lot of times, so on and off, which drove everybody nuts, obviously, in the industry. And that happened again over the last six months with Omicron. So it's the right long term strategy, Chris. I have zero doubt about that because it's ultimately making sure you protect patient from hospital acquired infection, which is good for patients. It's good for the hospital because they reduce their total cost and they can operate as well more often, which helps because they don't need to repeat operations that they've done as well in the past. So strategy was right. It's still right for the future. It just got a lot of stops and go over the last two years, which was related to those elective surgeries that have been kind of shut down and restarted.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Josh Spector with UBS.
Josh Spector: I just wanted to follow up on the volume outlook kind of for the rest of this year and specifically in Institutional. I just wanted to think about if business travel improvement is something that becomes a meaningful kind of flex point for your outlook. So lodging room sold has recovered but arguably that's more leisure versus business travel. I think your exposure hotel and regional wise would be more skewed to the business side. So do you think that improves and is that baked into the second half outlook at all, or is that a source of upside versus your current thinking?
Christophe Beck: So business travel is a small part of our business. But it's impacting, obviously, so our lodging business, which is roughly 6% of our company, as you probably know. But we're taking, obviously, any help in the market out there. I think it's -- for the full year, we're going to have a lot of puts and takes. There's going to be some upside with travel. As you mentioned, so leisure is getting better. We feel it in our end market. Business travel is going to ramp up as well in the months to come. But on the other hand, I think that there will be some economic pressure as well on most people in the US and in Europe as well, driven by the price of oil, interest rate, subsidies, you name it, obviously, that we had during COVID that is going to go away as well. And we can feel as well or the industry can feel already that there's some pressure there. So there is going to be some good news and some less good news, but we'll see what's really going to happen over the next few months. That I can't influence. The only thing I can influence is new business. And new business in institutional has been doing extremely well actually during the pandemic and is continuing to do it right now as well on top of the pricing that they're getting, which is driving shares, as I was mentioning to Chris as well before. So ultimately, I think that institutional is going to be in a good place. One might say we could have grown even faster if everything would have been unleashed at the same time as well, well, that's not the way things work. So generally, the industry might slow down a little bit, and we might not grow as fast as we would have wished, but we will still remain in double digit territory in '22, which I believe is a pretty good performance.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: A couple of quick ones from me. The release mentioned in food retail, I guess, because of staffing issues at some of the cleaning intensity had declined. Can you just clarify that staffing issue, is that because in the quarter, there was kind of COVID-related outages when Omicron was surging or is that because customers are struggling? I'm just trying to understand how transitory the issue is.
Christophe Beck: Yes, it's an interesting one, Vincent, because for the most part, the retail industry is doing quite well, especially the large customers, the large retailers that we are serving around the country and around the world. The trick is that they are all struggling with how much people they get, obviously, in their stores, so they need to choose where the people are going ultimately. They go and serve customers or do they do as well as much as they should. So on the the cleaning side as well, I want to be careful how I'm saying that, obviously, because we make sure that our customers are doing things the right way. But in normal times, they would do much more than what they're doing today. And it's all related to the staffing that the shifting are from one part of the store towards the commercial one, which is driving their stays as well.
Vincent Andrews: And just as a follow-up, Scott, if I could ask you about sort of how you expect working capital trend through the year. Obviously, in an inflationary environment, you're going to and need more of it but looked like a pretty good build in the quarter and you finished the quarter with a low cash balance. So just how should we be thinking about working capital and free cash flow for the year?
Scott Kirkland: As you mentioned in the quarter, there was a bit of a build, as you'd expect. So free cash flows were in line with what we expected for the first quarter and really just below last year because we built working capital and CapEx which you would expect as sales are growing, especially this strong. And so as we look for the year on a free cash flow basis, we expect that for the full year we would have free cash flows, it's really in line with free cash flow conversion, historical levels, which means that our working capital will sort of trend in line with the business growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger: Christophe, following up on the Industrial segment. Just curious, in the press release, it cited unfavorable mix as a headwind. Could you elaborate a little bit on that please and just discuss where that's going? And then a follow-up in there is to a discussion earlier on Industrial about segment margin. A few years ago, pre pandemic in the mid-teens. How quickly could the margin get back to that level based on what you're seeing?
Christophe Beck: So two parts of you few questions, obviously. So margins and mix. So if I talk about overall margins, usually, it takes two years to kind of get through the margin cycle. So our inflation goes up and we get the pricing, we get the dollars back to the first year and the second year, we get the margins back and more, and that's how we've grown our margins in industrial, so at every cycle. And it's going to be the same in this one with one big difference is that usually the inflationary cycle will last much less time this time, well, we're already planning for two years, last year and this year. So the cycle is going to be a little bit longer but a very strong price muscle in industrial for a few reasons, first, because our premium products are competitive versus competition in terms of what they can deliver. So our customers are interested in paying more to get more as well out of it. And second, we have a pricing approach, which is driven by eROI, as you probably know, which is basically getting a share of the savings that we are generating for our customers as well. So it's kind of a very natural organic type pricing as well. So the underlying pricing, and then you have the inflation pricing that comes on top of it. So bottom line should be towards '23, I think that assuming that inflation obviously peaks now and eases in the quarters to come in '23. So we should really see so that rebuild and step up in margins in Industrial. That was your second question. The first one was the mix. There's three things. One is business mix. If you have paper, for instance, so growing faster than like water, paper is at lower margin than like Water. Well, that has an impact in the mix of businesses. Within a business, you can take downstream, for instance, we have an important offering, which is called additives that energy companies are using usually when the prices of oil are rather high because they can afford it. Well, those ones are growing really fast right now. They have lower margin than the chemical offering that we're providing to those customers. And the last one is the country mix as well. So depending on where you grow that has an impact as well on the overall margin of Industrial. So those are the three big drivers of this margin mix.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin McCarthy: Christophe, coming back to the surcharges that you're implementing as of April 1st. How much might you actually expect to realize in the June quarter? The reason I ask is, I think your press release on March 15th indicated a range of 8% to 12% and I imagine, in some cases, you get the high end immediately. In other cases, maybe the low and still other cases, perhaps you have some contractual limitations. So perhaps you can talk about the flow through as you begin to implement that program in the second quarter and also into the third quarter.
Christophe Beck: So two things, Kevin, and I can explain it in a complicated way and a very simple way. I'll take the simple one and we can get obviously some more in detail if you wish so. But the way we agree and align with customers in such a short period of time is really to make sure that the surcharge is an offset to the increase of commodity costs related to energy cost. So you get a net zero ultimately on our EPS delivery. But if we don't get the surcharge, obviously, we have a negative EPS delivery, because we get the inflation and we don't get the surcharge. So that's the way we think about it, really that the surcharge is a natural offset so for the increase related to the energy costs. So that's the first one. And the second, and I'll pause after that, so just to make sure that I addressed your question here. The second quarter ending June, as you say, Well, it's a transition quarter because obviously, we start from zero on April 1st and we hope to be as close to kind of -- in cruising speeds in June or July, which is why I'm not perfectly accurate on where we're going to be at the end of June because there's a lot of realization that needs to happen for those thousands of customers, millions of locations around the world in 170 countries. This is real work. It's evolving very nicely, very well. I like the progress that we're making, but it's an imperfect journey, obviously, since we've never done it as well. So that's the way we think about it in terms of net impact, an offset for the second quarter, well, it's not going to be a straight line to heaven, but it's going to end up in a good place sometime this summer. I don't know if it's going to be exactly at the end of June when the quarter ends.
Kevin McCarthy: And then secondly, I wanted to ask you about your Institutional earnings results in the first quarter, came in a little bit better than we had anticipated. I guess my question is, did it come in better than you thought internally? And if so, what drove the positive variance in that piece of the portfolio.
Christophe Beck: So just to make sure I get you right, so you're talking about -- you want me to talk about sales or margin or both?
Kevin McCarthy: I was referring to your operating earnings in global institutional and speciality.
Christophe Beck: Well, actually, so sales were really good. They could have been even better if omicron wouldn't have hit to the first part of the quarter. And the earnings were good but they're still not as high as they could or should be, because they've been impacted as well by the delivered product cost inflation. So good growth, good productivity work. You maybe remember that we've implemented in 2020 a global field system as well that is really automating a big chunk of the transactional work that our field force is doing around the world, that's driving better productivity. Innovation is adding to margin as well. We mentioned Ecolab Science Certified disinfection programs as well related to COVID and post COVID as well. Thats all helping on the margin. But the truth it's going to happen in the quarters to come and probably as well in the years to come. Because when all that comes together that the pricing gets ahead as well of inflation, I firmly believe that the institutional margins will be even better after that cycle than it was pre-COVID, whenever the past is going to be or the future is going to be but let's assume it's going to be '23. But Institutional on a very good path, both on top line and bottom line as well and the best is to come.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Eric Petrie with Citi.
Eric Petrie: How are underlying sanitizing sales normalizing compared to the 2019 levels?
Christophe Beck: So that's an imperfect science, obviously. So it was -- when we look at all the sanitizing sales that we have in the company, it grew over 50% during the COVID times. And the way it looks like right now is that it should remain at roughly 20% above where it was pre-COVID, let's call it, 2019.
Eric Petrie: And then typically, your Institutional margins over history are higher than Industrial. How do you see that as you were talking about mix and so forth, 2023 and beyond and some of the growth verticals that you have in Industrial as well as net zero?
Christophe Beck: As mentioned before, so Institution is going to be better after that cycle concludes, let's assume, so '23, COVID inflation and all that. It's not all going to happen on January 1st, obviously. But post this cycle, the business performance, the P&L of Institutional is going to be better than it was in 2019 of pre-COVID. That's the first one for all the reasons I mentioned on the prior question. On Industrial, we've had a very good journey of margin improvement over the years. And interestingly enough, also happening during those inflationary cycles, we had the previous one. You maybe remember the margin improvement we had in 2020 was growing north of 20% in terms of operating margin and ended up in a very good place, which is why I just mentioned before as well earlier on the call, even the margins are down 10% in Q1, they're higher at 19% than they were in 2019 as well. So due to the pricing mix work that the team has been doing. So that's going to continue going forward. What you mentioned as well on net zero is obviously something that was much less relevant a few years ago, but that's becoming very relevant right now and going forward because many of our customers have made commitments on the sustainability objectives. Many of them are not progressing as fast as they were hoping for a bunch of good and less good reasons sometimes. This is obviously driving very good demand. So for us, we've created a dedicated Net Zero division now within Industrial in order to serve those customers as well that are the most advanced. And those customers tend to be higher margin as well at the same time, which will help contribute as well to better margins for Industrial, which down the road, I expect Industrial to reach the same level of margin than Institutional and potentially even better.
Operator: Next question is coming from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Quick question, we had a lot of talk about pricing. I want to go back a little bit more to volumes. And just to ask, where are we on the overall company volumes like-for-like vis-a-vis 2019? In other words, how much is left in terms of return to normal play in terms of revenue potential? Like you talked about Institutional being back to where it was, but with in-person dining just down a significant amount. So if you were to put it like-to-like, what would you say the upside is or potential for revenue with just kind of normalization, say, coming if you were to assume that would come in 2023?
Christophe Beck: So I had to get to some numbers in order to get that. I want to make sure I get the right one. So from top line perspective, we're way ahead of 2019 already, obviously, but you asked the right question, so in terms of volume. So if you look at Q1 '22, we have businesses that are already ahead of 2019. Industrial is ahead, Healthcare & Life Sciences ahead, our Other segment is ahead as well. And the only one that's below 2019, roughly 10% in terms of volume is Institutional & Specialty and is expected to cross that line during the second half of the year, where we're going to be in a place where all businesses, I mean, all major businesses will be ahead of 2019 in terms of volume during the second half of the year.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: So when I'm thinking about the recovery, you still have -- that should be largely a second half '22 and first half of '23, kind of improvement potential over there. Is that the right way to think of it?
Christophe Beck: Absolutely, especially in Institutional & Specialty, no doubt about that. That's why we're saying it's going to take -- it's kind of a two, three year cycle where demand is going to be higher just because the industry is recovering from a demand perspective and staffing, as we talked about before as well as you get more staffing in hotels, for instance, you've probably been in hotels lately, so the service is a little bit different, than it used to be even though you're paying the same prices for your rooms, well, it's not because hotels won't have it that way, they don't have staffing to do it. That's going to add as well. So to the demand for us because those people are using our product, that's going to be a good thing and that's going to help us drive demand in '22 and in '23. When it's going to stop? I don't know, but I think we have one or two years ahead of us of recovery, which is really good for that business.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: And just for the follow-up question. Is one quarter really enough time to get energy surcharge across the expanse of the customers that you guys have. It just seems like it's -- you're trying to hit everybody. At the same time, people also wanted to make new sales. Is there a focus being taken off of new sales in order to be able to do this? How should we think about it?
Christophe Beck: So first, getting it all done in one quarter, the short answer is no. And that's why I'm saying that in theory, if everything were done in the second quarter in a perfect way, yes, we would be growing our earnings very nicely. Well, it's not going to happen because we started zero on April 1st and at the end of June, we won't be 100% done either for all the reasons that you're mentioning. And that's why it's hard to know exactly where we're going to be. But I know that this summer, let's put it that way, we will be in a very good place because all businesses, everyone around the world so needs to get this one done at the right way. So exactly for the reasons that we mentioned before. And the second point on the [prioritization] of new business versus pricing, we've been reasonably good at that. But I want to be perfectly honest with you. When we focus on pricing, let alone the surcharge, which is something totally new since we've never done that globally. Well, you get your eyes off the ball of new business. So I expect plan to slow down a little bit to get the pricing right but that's why we want to get pricing done as quickly as we can to make sure that new business maintains momentum as well down the road, it's hard to do both at the same time.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Mike Harrison with Seaport Research Partners.
Mike Harrison: If I could -- I wanted to see if I could attack this question around underlying market demand a little bit differently. You've talked about business travel. You talked about maybe some macro concerns in Europe. I was just hoping to get some color more broadly on what you're seeing in terms of consumer behavior in an inflationary environment. Are there any signs at this point that inflation is starting to drag on consumer spending, I guess that would show up maybe in restaurant foot traffic. But most of us were not covering this space the last time inflation was this strong. So I guess any historical perspective you can provide would be very helpful.
Christophe Beck: Yes, a few things. First, that kind of inflation, none of us has really experienced that. I guess our parents did. I was not in business. So last time, it truly happened here 30 or 40 years ago. so it's totally extreme, totally unusual as we all know. So a few things here. First, we don't see a slowdown of demand yet. So that's a good news. But if we look at restaurants, especially in the US, if I look at the data that we get from the industry, you clearly see a slowdown of demand, which is most probably related to inflationary pressure because of oil, because of COVID, because of mortgages, you name it. But that's very early. So those are indications that are probably so important to follow. The third thing and last thing that I'd say as well here is that when we move through slower times or more extreme recessionary times, which we don't assume it's going to happen in '22, could happen in '23, who knows, obviously, that we've gone through many times as a company. And the good thing with the Ecolab model is that, yes, the growth slows down but we are still ahead of the market growth because we gained market share because we've all been discussed before in terms of new business, innovation, expansion of offering and so on there. So that helps us grow faster than the overall market and kind of dampen the recession that we might have on our top line. And most importantly, in more difficult times for our customers, they need us more because our value proposition, as you know, is helping customers get better results at the lower total cost, that's been true for 99 years as a company. So in more difficult times, potentially recessionary times, customers need even more what we're doing, which have been so reasons why Ecolab has been doing so quite well during slower or recessionary times.
Mike Harrison: And then second question on the high tech opportunity. I believe that's mostly centered around water and going into semiconductor fabs as well as data centers. Can you talk a little bit about your market position there particularly now that you've combined with Purolite. And are you in a position to win more than your fair share of opportunities as we feed some of this fab capacity expansion?
Christophe Beck: Absolutely, it's a fascinating business, which used to be part of like industries, our water business that was serving hotels, like manufacturing and so on. And now we've created a dedicated division that combines data centers and microelectronics. Obviously, they're related,but different. The main driver for data centers is to help those high tech companies reach their net zero ambition. And I mean you know all of them, they've all made bold commitments that by 2030, for most of them, they want to be zero or positive carbon and the same for water as well. We're the only company that can provide that to them, so that's obviously something we had to get organized in order to get there. And we're making very nice progress by working with those large companies. This is Ecolab at its best because we serve enterprise customers for a very long time, forever, actually. And we have them understand where are they today, how much water do they use, what's the objective to get to zero, what's the road map to get there and drive execution as well towards that while we make sure that we maintain a 99.9% uptime, so for all data centers. Then microelectronics, just to conclude on that, is different but related. We wanted to have the same people because it's the same type of expertise that we need in the field. Well, it's a production of microprocessors and that requires high purity, high quality water, which to a certain extent, we were doing in the past, Ecolab, but we could not do the highest quality of water that's being used in the production process of microprocessors. This is something that we can do now with Purolite which is the new offering that no one else can offer as well, which is helping not only Purolite but our global high tech business. So kind of the beginning of the journey. But so far a very good story where I think that we're in a position that we could truly own that market.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli Funds.
Rosemarie Morbelli: I was wondering if you could touch on the progress you are making on Life Sciences. I believe we did not really touch on that particular part of your business during the call.
Christophe Beck: So Life Sciences has been a great business that we started, I think, five years ago, 2016. But Doug, who we did that. So again, I'm not going to take any credit for that. It's been a great business that's been growing to almost $300 million today, growing double digit, some of the highest margin that we have in the company. And it's a business that's doing well, is having hard comps versus '21 and '20 because it was such a crazy high growth that, that business went through related to COVID demand. But the underlying growth of that business is double digit and will emerge double digits in Q2 or Q3, I don't remember exactly, and will continue very nicely as well as the business. On top of it, because Life Science former Ecolab, if I may say, was really providing solutions to make sure that production lines, clean rooms, factories were safe and protected from any infection risk. Now we add Purolite, obviously, to it, which is purifying the product that's being produced in those production lines. So it creates a one plus one equals three type of proposition like water and food safety when we acquired Nalco as well. So it's going to help Life Sciences grow even faster. Today, together, so it's kind of $700 million, $800 million, growing double digit. We are constrained by capacity right now, as mentioned earlier on the call of the first year first half of this year roughly. But the demand is just getting higher. Two businesses doing really well. Getting together, the offering is even more interesting. We just need to be able to produce what we're selling and that's going to happen during the second half of this year.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Are you signing up large pharma facilities?
Christophe Beck: We do, that's where we focus on. So Life Science, Rosemarie, is 80% plus pharma and the balance is cosmetics, the traditional brands. But Life Science for the most part is pharma with now a renewed focus on biopharma on mRNA and monoclonal antibodies, which is really the industry within pharma that's growing the fastest and expected to be 40% of the overall pharma market by 2026 or 2027, so in the next few years are really interesting.
Rosemarie Morbelli: And then I was wondering, given the stock price decline, which continued today. Are you considering accelerating repurchases?
Christophe Beck: Well, it's what we've announced a few weeks ago or a month ago, I don't remember exactly the timing. I might ask maybe, Scott, if you want to give some perspective as well on that.
Scott Kirkland: As we announced in March that we are repurchasing $500 million of shares during the year. And through Q1, as you might have seen that we repurchased a little more than half of that and we'll continue at that pace that repurchase program, depending upon market conditions, but also while maintaining our commitment to return to A range credit metrics by the end of next year.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Any way should nothing improve any way, you can expand that $500 million, or do you need -- do we need to wait until next year before you have -- will you take another look at it?
Scott Kirkland: I think we'll keep pace on that $500 million this year. Again, as I mentioned, we want to make sure that we're committed to returning to these A-range level metrics by the end of 2023.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Andy Wittman with Robert W. Barid.
Andrew Wittmann: I guess I just wanted to follow up on the earlier question around free cash flow. I think that question was centered more around working capital, and you said it'd be kind of like historical levels. But Scott, it looks like if you back into your EPS guidance into net income that kind of walks back up to around $1.5 billion of adjusted net income. Historically, I guess you guys have said about 95% is a good way of thinking about kind of free cash flow for Ecolab. So is that applicable for this year with higher-than-average growth rates and inflation. I guess that's the other way of kind of asking that question. But is basically that end up backs you into about $1.4 billion of free cash flow, is that the right kind of order of magnitude? And can you just comment again, if you could, on the CapEx budget for the year as well?
Scott Kirkland: Just on your first question, yes, your math is about right in that mid sort of 90% range, which is our historical cash conversion. So that would be where we would expect the year on free cash flows to be. And then as we think about CapEx, talked a little bit about this after the fourth quarter, and we'll expect CapEx to return to sort of our historical levels, which is like 5.5% to 6%. And as you're probably aware, about half of that CapEx that we do is merchandising equipment, which is at customer locations. And so that will grow as the sales grow and as new business grows.
Operator: Our final question is from the line of Kevin McVeigh with Credit Suisse.
Kevin McVeigh: Christophe, I wonder any just client reaction to the price increases? I know you were thoughtful through COVID. So are they more accepted given how thoughtful you were through the COVID process, or just any puts and takes? I mean obviously, everyone is seeing a lot of inflationary pressure, but just any thoughts from a client perspective?
Christophe Beck: I'm really pleased with what we've done in pricing. So let's keep in mind, we have to overcome $1 billion over $1 billion over 18 months, so starting some mid last year towards the end of this year. So 18 months is a very short period of time as well. And we want to make sure that we do that in achieving two things. The first one is that we stay or get ahead of the inflationary curve. We've done it last year. We'll do it as well so this year as mentioned. We were on a path. So to be now basically ahead of the inflationary curve in 2022 that was prewar in Eastern Europe. Now it's postponed a few months, but add the energy surcharge to that and we'll get to the right place as well. So it's on one hand, making sure we cover inflation and at the same time that we do it in a way that we grow our margins as well down the road. Second objective we have is to make sure we're not losing customers. While we do that, it's not a 100% play, obviously, but that we can maintain 90% plus of our customers, which we're doing. We haven't lost any major customers while we were doing that because we need to keep in mind that we're a growth company. I want to make sure we keep our organic momentum, which is extremely strong right now while we get the pricing right, while we keep the customers because down the road, that's the beauty of the Ecolab model when your fundamentals are right of new business of innovation, of pricing, of customer retention and that inflation eases you get very significant windfall in margin, which we know always happens. The question is, when is it exactly going to happen. But so far, so good. I'm very pleased with what the team has been doing in terms of pricing, while keeping the customers and driving growth at the same time.
Operator: At this time, weve reached of our question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the floor back to Mike Monahan for closing remarks.
Mike Monahan: Thanks, Rob. That wraps up our first quarter conference call. This call and the associated discussion and slides have been available for replay on our Web site. Thank you for your time and participation, and our best wishes for the rest of the day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-15 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ecolab Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. At this time, it is now my pleasure to introduce Mike Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Mr. Monahan, you may now begin.
Mike Monahan: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's Fourth Quarter Conference Call. With me today are Christophe Beck, Ecolab's CEO and Scott Kirkland, our new CFO. A discussion of our results, along with our earnings release and the slides referencing the quarter's results are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements in these materials, which state that this teleconference and the associated supplemental materials include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described under the Risk Factors section in our most recent Form 10-K and in our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release.  Starting with a brief overview, the strong fourth quarter sales were driven by accelerated pricing, business wins and product innovation with double-digit gains in our institutional and specialty and other segments as well as continued strong growth in the Industrial segment. These were partially offset by negative COVID-related effects on business activity and an unprecedented estimated 20% increase in year-on-year delivered product cost and supply constraints in the quarter. We closed out a challenging year in 2021 in which we invested in key business drivers and aggressively drove pricing, innovation and productivity. We also successfully managed through substantial supply constraints and cost increases to deliver the strong full year earnings increase. Looking ahead, recent programs, including Ecolab Science Certified and Net Zero have further differentiated Ecolab's value proposition and enable us to create better customer outcomes and reduced environmental impact, all while simultaneously reducing their costs. Our new business wins and innovation pipelines are at record levels and new market focus areas are well positioned to drive growth and our leading digital capabilities continue to add competitive advantage. We expect to leverage these drivers to once again drive strong sales volume and pricing gains and along with productivity and cost reduction actions more than offset the higher cost to yield another year of double-digit earnings growth. Our strong business momentum, along with our enhanced value proposition and favorable macro trends position us well to leverage the post-COVID environment and deliver further superior long-term shareholder returns. And now here's Christoph Beck with his comments.
Christophe Beck: Thank you so much, Mike, and good afternoon, everyone. The fourth quarter showed once again that the global environment remains very dynamic, presenting new challenges that we've learned to turn into long-term opportunities. Our top line momentum reached 10% or 9% organic in a constrained environment. Institutional & Specialty grew 19%, Pest Elimination 10% and Industrial remained strong, growing 8% in the quarter, and our new business and innovation pipelines remain really strong. At the same time, COVID came back during the fall, especially in North America and in Europe. As we all know, inflation kept rising substantially and still, top line gain momentum, including pricing, which accelerated to 4% as we exited the quarter. This was required to compensate for significant incremental costs from supply constraints and much high inflation pressure on our raw material and freight costs, discussed by close to 20% in the fourth quarter, nearly double the rate we saw in the third. And then close to a total of $1 per share unfavorable impact for the full year with almost half of that in Q4 alone. So once again, our team demonstrated our commitment to protect our customers' operations at all time and in any condition to ensure food, power, water and healthcare supply are protected while we also keep enhancing our margins for the long run. We now enter 2022 with confidence and well aware that the environment might change, but we will keep doing our very best to stay ahead. We expect the global economy to remain strong even if not as a perfect straight line. The exact timing for the end of COVID impact remains hard to predict, but we expect it to be mostly behind us by the middle of this year. We also expect inflation to remain at a high level, at least for the first half of the year, while we expect it to ease during the second half, and we're getting ready for this, too. We will keep driving growth by fueling the institutional recovery, which is going really well by generating strong new business by investing in our new growth engines like life sciences, data centers or microelectronics, and by making sure we remain 1 of the very best places to work for the most promising and diverse global talent. We'll keep addressing inflation by further enhancing our productivity through digital automation as we've done over the past few years by leveraging high-margin innovation and naturally by accelerating our value pricing. For the full year '22, we expect raw materials and freight costs to further increase with inflation remaining high before it eases during the second half of the year. Our full year pricing expectation for '22 is expected to be in the 5% to 6% range, which combined with our steady productivity work is expected to get ahead of inflation dollar in the first half and enhanced margins in the second half of the year and certainly beyond as the Ecolab model has proven many times. All these actions should lead to a strong '22 with strong top line and adjusted earnings growth in the low teens for the full year and a first quarter with very healthy sales growth and a flattish EPS as pricing keeps building fast. Finally, as we've done throughout the pandemic and against major market disruptions, we will remain focused on the future. For us, it's all about delivering long-term value to our customers and to our shareholders, while managing the short term. Our mission of protecting people and the resources better to life is as important as it's ever been. Our opportunity has never been larger as we chase a global market that's today greater than $150 billion and growing fast.  We have confidence that we will look back on this period and truly feel we did the right things the right way by protecting our teams and our customers when they needed us the most and by protecting our company in ways that made Ecolab even stronger and more relevant. As the infection prevention company, helping customers protect their customers and their businesses with Ecolab Science Certified and as the sustainability company, helping our customers progress on the Net Zero journey, all of which leading to strong top line and consistent, reliable double-digit EPS growth and ultimately getting us back on our pre-COVID earnings trajectory. I look forward to your questions.
Mike Monahan: Thanks, Christoph. That concludes our formal remarks. As a final note, before we begin Q&A, we plan to hold our annual tour of our booth at the National Restaurant Association show in Chicago on Monday, May 23. If you have any questions, please contact my office.  Operator, would you please begin the question-and-answer period?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from the line of Tim Mulrooney with William Blair.
TimMulrooney: Yes. I just have two, not surprisingly on raw materials. So the first 1 is now that the year is complete, I was hoping we could get some numbers around raw material cost inflation. Can you tell us how much was raw material inflation in 2021? And then what is the expectation for raw material inflation in '22 that's built into your guide?
Christophe Beck: Yes. Great question. Thank you, Tim. So that's the core topic, obviously, for all of us. For us, it's raw materials and freight, as you know, that we combine as well. And if we look at 2021, it was roughly 10% of the increase we saw in the past year. We spiked in Q4, as you've heard and read as well to 20%. So 10% for the full year in '21, we expect to stay pretty high for the first half of '22 at the same level, similar to what we've seen in Q4 and then to ease during the second half of the year, which leads to a roughly sort of 15% or 10% in '21, roughly 15% in '22. And since raw materials and freight represent 1/4 of our sales roughly, our pricing plan is well aligned with that and should allow us during the first half to get the heads of the dollars that we get in terms of inflation and then improving the margin during the second half, assuming that the assumptions happen as planned.
Tim Mulrooney: Yes. Okay. You kind of started to address my second question, but I'm going to ask it anyway in case you have anything else. So just following up on that, assuming oil prices stay about where they are today, would you expect all else equal to see gross margin expansion after '22? The reason I ask, I mean, if we kind of step back and we look at your gross margin, it was 44%. We've seen it go from 44% down to 41% over the last few years. And I'm wondering if this is kind of the new normal, this 41%, 42-ish percent or if you do expect to see normalization back to that historical average of closer to 44% over time? And how you plan to get there?
Christophe Beck: Yes, we absolutely expect to get back over time to where we were pre-inflation start or pre-COVID wherever is the start, obviously. When you look back as well, taking industrial, for instance, in the past years, look at operating income performance, the margin performance they had in 2020, which was north of 20%. And that was really as an outcome of all the work they did in pricing and the raw material market that trended towards lower level as such. So very good performance in 2020. That's a perfect example of what's going to happen in the future. Exactly when, I don't know, Tim, but we expect improvement in the second half of '22 and definitely over time to get back to where we were and go beyond that as well.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Manav Patnaik, Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: Christophe, I was just hoping -- just thinking a little bit more towards the longer-term growth trajectory like ex reopening. The whole hygiene and sanitization theme, which is supposed to be elevated, and that's why you have the Ecolab Science Certified. Maybe could you give us some numbers around what that looked like in 2021? And will it be elevated pre-pandemic now or how do you guys think about that?
Christophe Beck: Yes. Good question, Manav. It's going to be higher than 2019, which means pre-COVID, but it's going to be lower than during COVID for sure. In 2021, sanitizing sales were close to the double-digit increase versus 2019. And I think it's going to remain at that elevated level for the foreseeable future and especially with our Ecolab Science Certified program, which is going really, really well. Customers will use higher level of hygiene going forward, especially because their guests and customers are expecting more of it as well.  Some of the ease that we've seen in '21 was also related to the fact that our restaurants and hotel had limited staffing as well to do all the cleaning and sanitization, which probably has pressured a little bit, the sanitizing sales but still quite happy versus 2019, as mentioned, close to double digit and expect it to continue on that trend in the years to come.
Manav Patnaik: Got it. Appreciate that. And you guys have obviously done a relatively good job here in managing all the cost inflation. I suspect a lot of your competitors might be struggling more. And my question is more, does that -- does that mean you have a greater potential M&A pipeline that you could be executing on or are you not looking at it that way?
Christophe Beck: Well, we usually focus in terms of M&A, Manav, on very good strong companies. So we're not looking first and foremost, at companies that are not doing that great, but I would not exclude that. But you're right that we are in a very good position. You've seen our pricing evolution, so exiting Q4 with 4% and confident in 2022, so to get to 5%, 6% as well. That's demonstrating the value that we can create. And if we do that over time as we always do it, Manav, in our company, it's to make sure that we can keep those customers and keep those customers for the long term as well, which is going to improve as well our competitive situation.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Chris Parkinson with Mizuho.
Chris Parkinson: Great. Just as difficult as it is to discuss anything normalized these days, just how should investors be conceptualizing your true earnings power in terms of, let's say, the eventual raw material moderation put together with, I'd say, continuing pricing momentum, transportation, logistics and labor? Just all in the context of, let's say, end markets rebounding in '22 and '23 and market share gains. You've already spoken about GM normality, but just how should we think about this in terms of earnings power for '23, '24? And are there any extra considerations I didn't mention?
Christophe Beck: Yes. Thanks for your question, Chris. Yes, long term, I feel quite confident that we're going to get back to this pre-COVID earnings trajectory for a few reasons. Here, the first one, institutional is going to keep recovering and it's 1 of our highest margin businesses. So just from a business mix perspective, so things are going to improve obviously, as well. Then we have industrial that's going to keep growing fast, and that's creating leverage as well in terms of absorption that we have.  And you mentioned, obviously, the price versus inflation, we've demonstrated that over and over our history as a company that during those inflationary period, well, we end up with a gross margin that's higher than where it was prior to that cycle as well. Then you add businesses like Purolite, which are very high margin and growing very fast as well. And last but not least, all the work that we've done in terms of digital productivity, automation of transactional work that's going to help our SG&A improvement as well in the years to come. So you bring all that together, those are all positive drivers for our margin improvement.
Chris Parkinson: That's helpful. And just as a quick follow-up, the last several earnings releases even through the difficult times of COVID, you've been mentioning market share gains fairly consistently. As we stand here today at the beginning of 2022, can you just give us a quick update on the market share gains by segments where you've been pleasantly surprised even perhaps disappointed based on your perceived opportunities? And just how you'd expect your new baseline to generate incremental earnings power over the next few years?
Christophe Beck: Yes. So the question on market share is always a good one, different by business. But if you think about it's a growing 10% in the fourth quarter, that's faster than the general economic environment. So just macro, it's indicating that we're gaining shares in average. But if you take institutional, for instance, and taking the big example of restaurants in the U.S, in Q4, our business was 9% down or 91% of 2019, when the traffic in dining rooms, which is the most important for us was down 33% versus 2019. So that's obviously showing so how much market share we've gained.  In Industrial, the 7%, 8% growth that we have -- well, it's a combination of very different businesses, where you have paper, 15-plus percent thats definitely a place where we gain a lot of share, you take data centers as well where we're growing extremely fast as well with the objective to be really the best player in that market as well long term. Life Sciences especially as well, so with Purolite where we're growing faster than most of our competitors out there, always difficult to compare.  So you look at it macro, Chris, with the 10% faster than general economic growth that leads to good share increases and examples like the 1 I just mentioned, are good indications as well that our position is improving over time.
Operator: Next question come from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets.
John McNulty: Can you speak to how it seems like theres two different angles to it. One, that it's nicking your customers where maybe you can be helpful and come up with incremental solutions for them. But I would think given the number of feet on the street that you have as well, it's something you have to deal with internally. Can you kind of speak to the pressure that you're going to face and how maybe you can offset that with revenue coming in by helping out your customers?
Christophe Beck: Yes. As you mentioned, John. So we look at it in both ways. First, how do we help our customers who do not only have wage inflation issue, but I have a hard time to find people, as we know, so in restaurants and in hotels. So less people more expensive. So our solutions that are automating a lot of the cleaning work, sanitation work that they need to do is helping, obviously, customers, and that's 1 of the reasons why we're growing nicely in those markets.  Now back to our own wages. The way I look at it is in a reasonable way. So for '22, we're trying to stay competitive with the rest of the market. Our retention of our talent in the company has been very strong over the last 2 years when many have been struggling as well. That's indicating that we're doing more right than not in terms of how we're managing as well wages. And last but not least, we always make sure that we focus on our key talent and those ones we support the very specifically and making sure that they stay happy and stay longer in our company. And the last point, just to get back to your question is what -- on productivity. The whole digital work that we've done over the last many years is really paying off. You see it in our SG&A improvement that's improving year in and year out, that's going to help mitigate as well the wage inflation that we will face as well. But net-net, a good story.
John McNulty: Got it. Got it. No, that's helpful. And then maybe just from -- a little bit more color on the raw material side. It sounds like you think raw materials and freight are going to come off in the back half of the year. I guess can you give us a little bit more granularity or quantify how much you think it -- or how much of a decline you kind of modeled in when you're looking for these low teens EPS growth for 2022?.
Christophe Beck: The best way to look at it is basically that the first half should be very similar to what we see in the fourth quarter. So the 20% that we've talked about is roughly what we're expecting as well. So for the first half of '22. And we expect that the rate of growth for the second half of the year to be, I don't know, half of that. But you compare to a high base, obviously. So it's not going positive in terms of dollars. It's just that rate of growth is getting lower. We know it's going to go down, John, at some point. The only question is when. And the good news with Ecolab is that the moment that inflation eases and goes down, that's where we create the best margin enhancement as we've demonstrated in Industrial in 2020.
John McNulty: Got it. So just to be clear, the cost you're assuming they don't go down in the back half of the year, you're assuming the trajectory slows. Am I understanding that right?
Christophe Beck: Exactly, yes, John. And as mentioned on early answer with Tim, it's expecting -- so kind of 10% we had last year rose and freight cost inflation, and we expect to go up to 15% for the full year in '22. So that's the way we assume it right now.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Could you maybe just expand on the raws and freight a little bit just in terms of what the breakdown is in terms of the increase you were seeing in the fourth quarter and continuing into this year? How much of it is incremental on the raw side versus the freight and logistics and COVID disruption? And also maybe speak to if there's any change in the mix of raws that are giving you problems.
Christophe Beck: It's not giving us problems. It was in 2021, Vincent, 3 quarter roughly of the inflation pressure was in Industrial. That's evolving as well because it's not always the same raw materials that are increasing across our businesses and in various geographies as well at the same time. So in a way, this is a good thing. So it's becoming more spread out across the businesses and geographies, not just Industrial, especially North America. But freight is becoming the new drivers of our cost inflation as everybody knows out there. This is not specific to us as well. So that's the new 1 that we need to deal with. The very good news on this 1 is, on 1 hand, we're well organized on the logistics side. We have a lot of former Amazon people as well as leading our logistics, that helps. And we've engaged as well over the last 12 months and even more in '22 as well new logistics policies, surcharges making sure that we not only optimize our logistics but get paid as well for any increase that we might have.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And could you maybe just give us your outlook for this year in health care and Life Sciences?
Christophe Beck: You mean, Vincent, our outlook in terms of what?
Vincent Andrews: Just in terms of how you expect the business to perform as we move through the year?
Christophe Beck: Like that. Okay. Well, as we've shared, generally, we're entering '22, so in a very good position in terms of business momentum. The 10% that we've delivered in the fourth quarter is something that we expect to kind of stay quite steady over '22 the mix between volume and pricing. Obviously, it's going to evolve since we're going to move pricing closer to 5%, 6% as mentioned as well. So kind of a steady, good momentum. And for the EPS growth, as mentioned, we expect it to be in the low teens for the full year. The first half is going to be more on the lower side and the second half is going to be on the higher side of the 10 because of the margin improvement driven by pricing going steadily up and inflation easing, as I just mentioned before with John.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: Welcome, Scott. And congratulations, Christophe, on the Barron's 100 sustainability ranking.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, John.
John Roberts: Are you still adding new sign-ups for Ecolab Science Certified, or are you just enjoying the benefits of everybody who signed up early on. I don't know if there's fatigue out there as this goes on, that there's less interest in signing up for new programs?
Christophe Beck: No, we don't really see any slowdown on that front, which is a good sign. It's even taken time, interestingly enough, so for many customers to kind of get on board really understanding what it would mean for their own brand. McDonald's has been a perfect example as well. Wanted to make sure that it was right for them, it was supporting their brand the right way that it was well perceived with their guests as well. So they came fairly late in the COVID journey, if I may say.  So if anything, it's more interest, not less interest, which is encouraging because, to your point, John, we thought that it would be mostly COVID related. And now it's becoming more interesting, so for restaurants, hotels, offices to make sure that the places where the welcome people are safe and healthy.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Ashish Sabadra with RBC.
Ashish Sabadra: I just wanted to focus on water, which continues to show really strong momentum, delivering another solid 8% growth in the fourth quarter. How should we think about that momentum going into '22?
Christophe Beck: Well, I'm a bit passionate about water I've been leading the business for quite a while, Ashish. So this is something that I believe we are uniquely positioned here to keep growing for 2 reasons, on 1 hand -- well, 3 reasons. On 1 hand, water scarcity becomes a bigger issue because we're not going to get more water on earth, but we're going to use more water as well going forward. So that's the first point. Second, you have always more companies committing to net-zero carbon and water by 2050, getting half there, so by 2030 or whatever the commitment that they have, not only because it's good for water, but if you save water, you save energy as well at the same time. And always more companies are realizing that they can get -- well, both benefits, getting less issues from a water perspective and reducing the carbon footprint same time. So the only 1 who can really help companies get to the net-zero, which is kind of a new trend, which is great for us. And the last point I'd mention that well, we're probably the only company that can do it at a very high margin as well at the same time because we bring so much science expertise and digital technology as well in there. So bringing all 3 together, water scarcity, need for net-zero and the fact that we can do it at high margin makes me really bullish about that business going forward.
Ashish Sabadra: That's very helpful color. And maybe if I can just ask a quick follow-up on the commercial pest elimination business. Again, a small business, but has been a strong growth engine for you. And with 1 -- particularly 1 of the large players in commercial pest control getting acquired, how do you think about the competitive environment changing going forward? And separately, would you also consider potential M&As to expand your position in the commercial pest control?
Christophe Beck: So maybe to your point of a fairly small business, it's almost a billion for us. So it's quite significant. It's extremely profitable, and it's growing really fast, it grew 10% during the fourth quarter and it's been growing during COVID as well. So just to show the resilience, the strength of that business.  And the other thing I really like with pest is that it's a perfect complement to everything else that we do. In a hospital when you think about infection prevention, you need to eliminate pest. In a food and beverage plant, you need to bring pest elimination as well, so to make sure that you do not create food safety issue, the same in a hotel, the same in restaurants. So it's a perfect fit to our value proposition as a company.  And to your point, in terms of M&A, well one of our competitors are getting into a big M&A now means a lot of distractions for them, a company that we respect a lot, by the way. But when they're busy doing integration, those are the best times for us ultimately to gain share. And in terms of us doing M&A in the pest elimination field, we don't comment in details, but we definitely open to consider as well as we have in the past, we will in the future as well in businesses that are so valuable for us.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander: I guess 2 questions about sort of lag effects. The first is with all the volatility that you -- that we've seen in the last couple of years and how Ecolab has improved their portfolio, should your pace of share gains pick up over the next couple of years as customers recalibrate and sort of are able to -- in a more stable environment, sort of reassess kind of your relative position versus peers? And secondly, from the sales of it, if you factor in the water and the productivity and the digitalization and some of the other initiatives you've mentioned, should your top line growth be faster than in the last say, 10, 15-year period? And can the pace of productivity gains improve compared to the last decade or so?
Christophe Beck: Great question. So I see 3 big questions, all related obviously, here. So I'll try to be as extent as I can on that. So first, in terms of share, as mentioned before, the fact that we're growing fast in most of our businesses. So it's not just 1 business that's growing and all the other ones are going slow, is a good indication that we're gaining share. And obviously, once the whole craziness of the world is behind us that's going to pay dividend as well because we're going to be in an even stronger position afterwards. So it's always been the focus for us. We have this mantra in the company, in doubt go and sell something, which is pretty useful in those unpredictable times. Well, that's going to pay dividend for the future. So I feel good about that, which leads me to your second question in terms of top line momentum. Yes, I firmly believe that the growth that we will see in the years to come is going to be ahead of the growth that we see in pre-COVID, if there is any such thing as well. And in terms of productivity, with all the investments that we've made in ERP technology, in field technology, in remote monitoring for our customers, in AI, all that is, not only pay dividend right now as you can see as well over the past few years our SG&A productivity has improved, but I believe it's going to improve even better in the future as well. When you bring all 3 together, I think it should lead to a performance that's ahead of what we've seen pre-COVID.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger: I think I'll bring Scott in on the first one. CapEx increased as a percent of revenue in 2021, probably pretty logical given the environment. But it's still below the 6% levels prepandemic. Where do you see CapEx in 2022 and perhaps beyond in some major categories of spend going forward?
Scott Kirkland: Scott, thanks for the question. Yes, it certainly was lower. And as you know, of our historical range, we've been around 6% of sales on CapEx. And during -- as sales have been lower relative to '19, there's a big portion of our CapEx that's in merchandising equipment with customers. So as the customer rebounds come back, expect that CapEx to be similar to those historical trends around 6%.
Scott Schneeberger: Great. And then, Christophe, just a high level or perhaps both of you. It's been a while since there's been discussion of the efficiency initiatives and kind of the overriding long-term theme of cost savings. And it's been a tumultuous time period, but just curious, how are you progressing on that? How should we be looking at that as we approach the end of '22 and '23?
Christophe Beck: Yes. Let me make a quick comment on this one, and I'll pass it back to Scott, who has the details here. The efficiency initiatives that we've had over the past few years have progressed really well. And let's keep in mind that those initiatives were not pure cost savings initiatives. Those were initiatives that we're leveraging all the investments that we had made in the past in ERP technology, in digital technology and all that. And as I've mentioned before, -- not only it's delivered great results so far. I think it's going to give even better margin improvement as well going forward. So it's not something that we're going to stop doing, but we're going to do that in a more organic way, so going forward. But with that, Scott maybe a few comments on that.
Scott Kirkland: Sure. Thanks, Christoph. Yes. As Christoph said, we progressed very well on it. If we think about the 2 big programs and we have programs going on all the time with the 2 big programs, the 2020 and the institutional advancement program, through the end of 2021, we were north of 90% complete from a savings and cost perspective on both of those, and we'll have a little bit of a tail into 2022 and 2023 to wrap up those programs.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Byrne with Bank of America.
Steve Byrne: You've had Purolite now a couple of months, how do you view the expectations about profitability from that business relative to what you previously had in both industrial business wallet share gains and on the Life Sciences, anything that has changed your outlook on that?
Christophe Beck: No. We're really happy with that acquisition. As you mentioned, we're kind of 2 months in. So we're really at the beginning. Our first objective was really to do no harm and making sure that they can keep growing as they have in the past, and they're doing really well. We're not working on any significant integration because it's not a synergy play or a cost synergy play. It's purely a growth synergy that we see.  And the biggest challenge that we have, which is an interesting challenge is that we need to keep building enough manufacturing capacity in order to keep growing, which is a challenge that all industry is having, we had, which is good. And we have 2 extensions, a new plant in the U.S. and the extension in the U.K. that's supposed to be coming in line as well in the first half of '22, and that's going to give as well an inflection point for the second half. So, so far, really happy with what we're seeing with Purolite.
Steve Byrne: I want quick follow-up on that one. Do you expect operating results out of that business to more than offset the amortization expense? Or do you think you will change your view and not include amortization in your adjusted earnings? And if you don't mind, can you also comment on what is the average number of months between your purchases of raw materials and when it flows through COGS?
Christophe Beck: So on the question on amortization, we've been very clear on how we see '22 to be neutral. Obviously related to the first question since business is evolving as expected the neutral is going to happen as well in '22. But it's important to keep in mind that the amortization is $0.26 in '22. So it's relevant and it's all cash that's coming, obviously, since the amortization is a noncash item as well as such.  So we're looking at what other companies are also doing in Life Science arena, and it's usually handled definitely than what we've done in the past. I'm not indicating that we're going to change anything, but we're going to share with you how much is the amortization. So at the same time, well, you can know what's the true cash return of that business since we want to know it as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Wittmann with Baird.
Andrew Wittmann: Great. I guess I just wanted to start out with a, I guess, a 2-part question on the revenue outlook. I think I just wanted to clarify the first part here. Christophe, in your prepared remarks, I think you said that pricing was going to be 5% to 6% for the year. And I think in your Q&A, you mentioned that pricing will ramp to 5% or 6%. I guess the question I wanted to clarify is, if it's going to be 5% or 6% for the year, presumably 4% for the fourth quarter, it would suggest that the exit rate in 4Q could be above 6%. So could you just clarify the cadence throughout the year that gets you to the 5% to 6%. And then maybe for Scott, could you talk about what FX could mean to your revenue performance or growth here in '22 with current rates where they are?
Christophe Beck: Andy, I'll take the first one, and I'll give the FX to Scott. On pricing, is as mentioned, so we're exiting at 4% of the fourth quarter, moving towards 5% for the first quarter and for the full year, so being between 5% and 6%. So it's pretty steady, and that's our current plan, considering all we know in terms of inflation. As mentioned before, rolls and freight inflation are not dealt with exactly the same way, but relatively steady. So between these 4% and 6% during '22 which leads to this average of 5% to 6% ultimately. And Scott, on the FX?
Scott Kirkland: Yes, certainly. Yes, as you might expect, just given where rates are going in the U.S., the expected increases during the year, we will have some drag as a result of FX, it's probably in that $0.10 range in 2022.
Andrew Wittmann: Okay. And then I guess I wanted to just ask kind of a follow-up here, just regarding the special gains and charges that we expect here that you expect in 2022. You kind of mentioned that you're 90% done with the programs, Purolite, I guess, because it's not an integration cost synergy play, shouldn't have too much there I don't think. And then the other big bucket, it looks like the COVID costs in '21 were notable. But with COVID subsiding and just life getting used to COVID, it kind of feels like the special gains and charges should be less in 22. Am I thinking about that the right way, Scott? Or are there other things that I should be considering in that?
Scott Kirkland: Yes. As you talk about the big buckets, there will be ongoing special charges with Purolite next year, but we did have the big impact from the purchase accounting including the inventory step up in 2021. As it relates to 2022, as you think about -- as you mentioned COVID, the COVID really had a couple of big buckets in it. And it was pay protection that was a large piece of that. We also had the inventory reserve that we disclosed. And the pay protection, can't predict how COVID's going to react, but expect that variable pay protection to be less in 2022. We also had some medical costs in testings. There will be a little bit of a tail on that I expect, but given our pace of COVID, we expect that to be less in 2022 than it was in 2021.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of use Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli.
Rosemarie Morbelli: I was wondering if you could touch on Russia and Ukraine, how much of an impact, let's say, that we go to war, which we probably won't. But nevertheless, how large are those 2 regions for your business?
Christophe Beck: Yes. Well, I hope that nothing is going to happen, obviously. So too many human lives would be impacted. For us, it's a reasonably business. It used to be much bigger when we had Upstream Energy, as you know. And today, it's less than 0.5% for the whole company. So for us, it's not so much a business issue. It could have an impact on energy cost, but that's an indirect impact. And for us, obviously, as a people company, it's making sure that everyone from our team is in a good place. Unfortunately, we had some experience a few years back when Crimea was in focus and we've managed that really well. We have a good team, even if it's a small one. So Rosemary, no big business impact, maybe on energy, and we want to make sure that our team is doing well.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Okay. That is great. And so I was surprised by the double-digit growth in institutional, considering that there is COVID that not everyone is back on the road. We still have mask and not a lot of people are going to a hotel. Can you give us a little more detail as to why that performance was impressive?
Christophe Beck: Well, it's a good business, which is really in leading positions, that helps. We haven't lost customers. We have roughly the same number of units as well than we had pre-COVID. They're buying a similar number of solutions as well. We have a lot of new business as well that we've acquired. They've been extremely good during the COVID times in new business generation, pricing has been good as well. Ecolab Science Certified has been good as well.  And customers have needed us more than ever during COVID. So as they reopen, while we keep growing, and honestly, Rosemary, we were expecting in Q4 to grow even faster except that Omicron changed the plans a little bit, and it stalled at the Q3 level of growth. But that's going to come when hopefully, COVID is going to move behind us. So I'm really confident in that business going forward.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Great. And if I may. Your SG&A ratio was some 32.6% in 2017 or thereabout. And obviously, you have made progress as it is down to 28% in 2020, and you talked about the factors that are going to impact this ratio. How low do you think is reasonable to think you can go as a ratio to sales?
Christophe Beck: It's a great question. Well, it's not going to reach 0, that I'm sure, but it's going to be better than where we are today. Keep in mind that we have a very large sales team. They drive a lot, for instance, to go and visit our 3 million customers around the world. Digital technology is helping us managing and serving customers remotely as well. That reduces the time that our teams need to travel, that improves, obviously, the SG&A productivity. They do a lot of prep work, preparation works before they go and meet customers or after they've met customers in order to make sure that head office knows the value that's been created. That's getting automated as well as we speak.  So with automation and such a large team, I think that we still have a lot of potential not only to improve the productivity but making sure that our teams, Rosemarie, are focused on creating value for our customers instead of moving papers, collecting data or driving on the road.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Okay. So we can expect -- I mean, reasonably speaking, maybe another 200 basis points?
Christophe Beck: It's a great question. I don't think it's going to be a straight line, Rosemarie, but it's going to improve every year. And we've demonstrated that for the many past years and it's going to keep improving. What you've seen in the past is what you're going to see in the future.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: In your Industrial business, your margins were sequentially flat, and you had good volume growth. But your margins in Institutional, where you also had very good volume growth, what were down, I don't know, 350 basis points. Same thing in Healthcare. You had weakness there. Why is there more margin stability in the Industrial business versus the other two? Is it that raw materials are going up less or your price pass-through is more effective? What accounts for the difference in margins between the segments on a sequential basis?
Christophe Beck: Well, the macro is basically that the share of raw materials and freight cost versus the total P&L is very different business by business. So when you have inflation, the impact on the P&L and the margins is very different business by business, exactly the way you described it. And then it's the speed at which we can drive pricing is different as well, so business by business. Sometimes you have group purchasing organizations. Sometimes it's individual street accounts. This is different. So those are the 2 main drivers, Jeff. The first one is really what's the share of raws and freight for the P&L. And second, it's the speed at which we can increase prices, while keeping customers for the long term as well, which is essential for us. And the combination of both over time creates those distortion that you just mentioned.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay. Second question is, in the Institutional business in 2018, you used to make $1 billion, and now you make $566 million. When do you get back to $1 billion? And can you help us out with what your interest expense is for 2022 now that you've bought Purolite?
Christophe Beck: Yes. So 2 questions, obviously. So I'll leave it up to Scott for the interest piece, a very different question, obviously. In Institutional, keep in mind, Jeff, that we've kept our team intentionally. And thank God, we did that. So when you look at restaurants and hotels today where you need to do your own housekeeping and do your bed yourself because they don't have labor to do it, we would be in a dramatic place today if we didn't keep our team in 2020 when COVID started.  So that was totally conscious. We said we're going to maintain the whole team, even though the business went down so quite a bit during COVID. That has a direct impact on our income in that business. So as the business gets back to the 2019 level, which we expect to happen. So this year in '22, well, over time, you're going to get to the same margins than we had before. And on top of it, you get productivity gains as well that are going to improve it. So I feel really good about the trajectory that we have in Institutional. So with that, maybe, Scott, if you can comment --
Scott Kirkland: Jeff, answering your question on the interest expense. So adjusted interest expense was just north of $180 million in 2021. And as you recall, the -- we had $2.9 billion of debt through the Purolite transactions. And so we'll see it about $45 million higher, call it, roughly $230 million of interest expense in 2022.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin McCarthy: Christophe, I'd be interested to hear your updated thoughts on the subject of labor. If we think about the first half of '22, do you think that labor-related challenges will be any better or worse or perhaps stable versus the back half of '21?
Christophe Beck: And Kevin, when you say labor, you mean our labor or our customers' labor or both?
Kevin McCarthy: I was really referring to downstream among your customers, but if you have meaningful issues internally, I'd like to hear about those as well.
Christophe Beck: Yes. Thank God, we don't have big issues internally. We've had our share, but we've managed it really well. You've probably heard that we have -- over 95% of our team has been vaccinated as well in the U.S. So it's over 18,000 people that are projected, that has helped us dramatically as well to keep our team operating during that time. So we were in a reasonably good place internally that's been a bit different for our customers as we know. Distribution centers had a hard time as well to unload the trucks. You have retail stores that can't do the cleaning as they're supposed to be doing it. The same in hotels as well because they're having such a hard time to find the right talent as well to do it. So it's having an impact in logistics, and it's having an impact in demand because our customers don't have the people to do the work as well. But it's improving every month. So over time, it's going to improve. But I think it's going to take probably the whole '22 until our customers are in a more stable place.
Kevin McCarthy: I see. And then secondly, I wanted to come back to the subject of pricing. I think you indicated 5% for the first quarter on a glide path to 5% to 6% for the year. And so that would imply, I think, relatively modest incremental price contributions from here. And so I was tempted to ask you, why not be more aggressive there? Or how would you frame potential for upside to price? I appreciate you have a value-in-use model. But are there some combination of competitive considerations, elasticity or contract terms that would preclude a greater contribution or might you revisit depending on the cost trajectory?
Christophe Beck: Well, you've given a few answers as well at the same time. But I'd say -- so first, when you say the 5% in Q1, so it's going to happen during Q1, as you know, so pricing is happening exactly. So as quarters evolve as well. So we crossed the 4% in Q4. We will cross the 5% in Q1. When exactly? I don't know, so we'll see what it nets out for the first quarter as an individual quarter. But for the full year, we feel reasonably confident that the 5% to 6%, we will deliver it. And that feels like the right amount of pricing in order to get our margins back to where they should be. And to your point, if inflation happens differently than what we've assumed, as I described it in my opening remarks, well, we will adjust as we did, as well over the past few months. But what's absolutely critical, the way we think about pricing is that we want to keep pricing for the long term. We're not a cyclical company and have no ambition to become a cyclical company, which means that when we get pricing from customers, it's based on the value that we create for them on the long run. And when inflation moves behind us, well, it sticks as well. And that has an impact on the speed at which we can get pricing. If we were a chemical company, pure play, well, we would go much faster, but we would have to give it back at some point. This is not what we do. So we go slower, it's having a lower impact on margin for a while. But ultimately, it's paying off big dividend on our margins. And the last point I'll make is raws and freight for us is 25% of our sales. So the inflation that you get, the 10% I talked about for '21, well it's on 25% of our sales. So when you compare the 10% on the 25% to the pricing of 5% to 6%, you get to a reasonably good place.
Operator: Next question is from Mike Harrison with Seaport Research Partners.
Mike Harrison: Christophe, you've talked a little bit about innovation in the Institutional business. It's been a while since we've had the restaurant show in Chicago for you to showcase some of your new products. So I'm looking forward to that in May. But maybe give us a little bit of a preview, I guess. Are there some key products around warewashing or hard service sanitizing or food safety that you're excited about launching here in 2022?
Christophe Beck: Well, we do. As you know, Mike, at the same time, so it's not just about product for us, it's about programs. So where you put all the products together. But to name one in Institutional, especially driven by COVID, so we brought in the market over the last 12 months a whole range of products that are killing COVID within 15 seconds. It was a remarkable achievement, especially when customers do not have the labor force as we discussed before. So to do the work, well, if it can clean effectively, very quickly, this is not only good for guests, but it's good for customers as well at the same time. So this whole program is very interesting, and you'll see it at the NRA. At the same time, I've mention as well the Ecolab Science Certified, which brings all the programs together in order to make sure that your guests are protected. And that's -- it's a good story in terms of how many units we're getting, but you need to keep in mind that in order to be certified, you need to use all the products as well of the company. Well, that's driving sales as well at the same time, which is good. And if I fast forward in Industrial, a major new program is really the so-called Net Zero water program where customers are looking to deliver on their commitments of getting zero water or net zero water usage over time, whatever the commitment is. And we're uniquely positioned with our Net Zero program to help them deliver that. So you won't see that at the NRA. But that's going to be an interesting one. And at the NRA, you're going to as well more in Purolite, which is ahead of an innovation as well, and we will cover that more when we get together.
Mike Harrison: All right. And then my other question is on the Specialty business. That has historically been a very consistent high single-digit grower. In 2021, it declined. Can you help us frame up the dynamics that you're seeing there? And maybe give us a sense of where you see volume and pricing growth in Specialty in 2022?
Christophe Beck: Yes. The Specialty growth in '21 was mostly impacted by very high comparisons in 2020 because during COVID, well, since restaurants and hotels were closed, people were going to retailers and to a certain extent for the takeout or drive-through from QSR. So that's driven high growth during COVID and when COVID evolved, I'm not saying going away, unfortunately, was suddenly when you compare to a very high comparison. But generally, underlying, those are 2 very strong businesses that are going to keep doing well going forward as well. And QSR has been growing 8% in the fourth quarter, just to name one.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Kevin McVeigh with Crdit Suisse.
Kevin McVeigh: Christophe, I wonder, could you give some thoughts on the Downstream business? It seems like it recovered a little bit in the quarter. But based on the recent pricing actions in oil, any thoughts as to say, that business as we move our way through 2022?
Christophe Beck: It's a very interesting business, Downstream, because things are evolving. We're doing today and even more tomorrow, some very different things than what we did in the past. In the past, Downstream was all about maximizing capacity utilization, improving the efficiency, the productivity of the assets. That was the #1 focus. It hasn't gone away today, but the focus has shifted dramatically towards sustainable operations, and it's turning refineries into operations that are using much less water. When you think about the refinery, so beyond crude oil, obviously, that go through the second other element, its water. And we're working with the super majors to help them to get to their net zero ambitions as well. And that's totally new. That had no acceptance in the past for most customers. And today, this is the #1 to pick and that's where we're best at as well. We can differentiate ourselves. And the good news is really that our new business is going really well in that business. So a very different one going forward than what we've seen in the past, which matches much more who we are as a company and who we want to become as well in the future.
Kevin McVeigh: Very helpful. And then just real quick on what type of full service in unit traffic could we assume in the 2022 guide? I know it was about 70% of 2019 levels in Q4. How are you thinking about that over the course of 2022?
Christophe Beck: Well, it's a good and difficult question. So the industry is expecting to be back towards the end of the year in restaurants and in hotels, probably more the year after. We are ahead of that curve as you mentioned, as we mentioned as well early on. So I think that during the second half of this year, we should be ahead/quite a bit.
Operator: Mr. Monahan, there are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Mike Monahan: Thanks, Rob. That wraps up our fourth quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated discussion and slides will be available for replay on our website. Thank you for your time and participation today, and best wishes for the rest of the day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-26 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Ecolab Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mike Monahan, Senior VP, External Relations for Ecolab. Thank you, Mr. Monahan, you may begin.
Michael Monahan: Thank you. Hello everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's Third Quarter conference call with me today are Christophe Beck, Ecolab's CEO, and Dan Schmechel, our CFO. A discussion of our results along with our earnings release, and the slides referencing the quarter's results are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements in these materials which state that this teleconference and the associated supplemental materials include estimates of future performance.  These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described under the Risk Factors section in our most recent Form 10-K and in our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with a brief overview, strong third quarter results were driven by a robust new business wins and accelerating pricing. Which along with the continued recovery in the U.S. and improving European markets, more than offset significantly increased delivered product and other costs.  Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect both accelerating sales volume and pricing momentum to leverage an expected continuing, though uneven global recovery. We expect these drivers to result in the fourth quarter showing better year-on-year sales growth than the third quarter. We have also experienced continued substantial delivered product and other cost inflation that we believe will increase fourth quarter costs by nearly $0.20 per share. As a result, we expect fourth quarter earnings to grow double-digits, though not as strong as the third quarter. We expect to once again to successfully managed the current inflation challenges in uneven global economic recovery to deliver very strong sales and earnings growth in 2021.  As a strong volume and pricing gains along with productivity and cost reduction actions, enabled us to offset the higher costs and yield double-digit earnings growth. Recent programs, including Ecolab science certified a net 0 are further differentiated Ecolab's value proposition and enabled us to help create better customer outcomes and reduced environmental impact while simultaneously reducing their costs. Our new business wins and innovative pipelines are at record levels. New market focused areas are positioned well to drive growth. And our leading digital capabilities continued to add competitive advantage.  Our strong business momentum, along with enhanced value proposition and favorable macro trends, positioned us well to leverage the post-COVID environment and deliver further superior shareholder returns next year and for the future. And now, here's Christophe Beck with his comments.
Christophe Beck : Thank you, Mike. And good afternoon, everyone. Great to be together with you today. So Q3 has been another very good quarter for Ecolab. Demonstrating once again, that Ecolab is in a great shape, with strong top-line momentum and a proven ability to effectively mitigate the adverse effects of inflation and the so-called supply shortages. And aligning sales trends were strong across the board, in a complex environment we delivered 10% reported and 8% fixed currency organic sales growth, driven first and foremost by continued strong momentum in institutional and specialty that delivered 17% sales growth in the quarter and 24% from the institutional division.  We also saw accelerated momentum in industrial sales with 7% growth and 13% in other segments driven by sustained, high-performance in pest elimination. Ecolab scientist posted negative sales growth year-on-year as they compare to exceptional growth during the pandemic as we know. However, their respective underlying sales growth stayed on a healthy mid-single and double-digit trajectory. There's still planning momentum combined with accelerating pricing and structure productivity that's benefiting from our state-of-the-art digital automation drove the strong adjusted EPS delivery. More than offsetting short-term impact from Hurricane Ida and the rapid acceleration of global cost inflation.  The team did an exceptional job minimizing the impact of Hurricane Ida, which we were able to successfully manage to be a much lower impact than initially expected at only $0.03 in the quarter. Most importantly, the team mitigated the impact of additional significant supply shortages to ensure exceptional service to customers while driving continued new business wins and strong price increases, contributing to 31% increase in free cash flow. Current sales momentum is strong and we expect it to accelerate. Strong new business and breakthrough innovation are expected to continue to drive top-line growth. Also pricing, we keep accelerating towards 4% The strong volume and price momentum is expected to result in Q4 showing better year-over-year sales growth than what we've seen in Q3.  At the same time, delivered product costs will keep increasing rapidly, which we'll continue to mitigate with great pricing. However, as we know with our model this takes time to do well in a way that's sustainable long term, and aligned with the incremental value we create for customers. We therefore estimate that the timeline between pricing and cost inflation will impact the Fourth Quarter EPS by approximately $0.20 versus what we expected just a few months ago, but that to, we'll address over the next few quarters. Next week we expect Q4 EPS to continue to grow double-digit, though not as strong as in Q3, which will help us exceed the year with great momentum.  With strong volume growth, continued pricing, and delivered product cost hopefully nearing its peak we'll then enter 2022 in great position to deliver another great year for Ecolab. The strong fundamental business momentum combined with continued market recovery, provides us with great confidence in the future and especially for '22. In a world full of uncertainties, we keep driving strong business wins on a competitive differentiation. In a world where customers struggle to fund reliable partners for innovation, especially product supply and expertise to have them run the operations efficiently and serve their customers safely. We have substantially strengthened our position as their clear, innovative, and reliable global partner.  In a world where our institutional specialty customers and consumers, especially are concerned about increased risks of infection, Ecolab Science Certified has become the referenced that provides guests with the assurance they're looking for. And in a world where environmental impact has become front and center, our net 0 offering is providing industrial segment customers, especially leading in innovative ways to deliver on the commitments while improving their own financial returns. All these provides us with confidence that '22 It will be another strong year for Ecolab with sales and earnings growth above our long-term trends. So with that, I look forward to your questions.
Michael Monahan: Operator, please begin the question-and-answer period.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. We ask that you please limit yourself to 1 question and 1 brief follow-up question per caller so that others will have the chance to participate. [Operator instructions] A confirmation tone will indicate your line is in the question queue. [Operator instructions]. One moment please, while we poll for questions. Thank you. Our first question is from Tim Mulrooney, from William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Tim Mulrooney : Christophe, good morning.
Christophe Beck : Hi. Good morning, Tim.
Tim Mulrooney : Thanks for taking my question. So my first one is on the guide. It sounds like you expect organic revenue growth to accelerate in the fourth quarter off an already strong result here in the third quarter. I know that some of that should come from better pricing, but are there other areas of the business that you expect to accelerate in the fourth quarter as well and could you talk about what some of those might be.
Christophe Beck : Yeah, thanks for the question, Tim. You mentioned the pricing, we'll keep accelerating in Q4, we have to, and we can as well with the value that we're creating for our customers, that will help drive organic growth obviously. Volume growth will keep accelerating as well in most businesses, industrial being one good example, and institutionally is going to keep doing really well as it recovers. And you will have as well to healthcare and life science that are going to compare so to easier comps last year than we had in Q3 and all that brought together so will bring us to a better place for Q4. Probably nearing to the double-digit level.
Tim Mulrooney : Okay. That's even more than I was thinking. Thank you and quickly on margins, I saw industrial margins took another step back this quarter, but I know you guys have talked about maintaining these margins and building upon the gains you've made in 2020. So my question is the step-back primarily related to the raw material cost pressure. In other words, would you still be on track to hold the margin gains you achieved last year, if not for those raw material cost pressures? I'm just trying to understand what a normalized operating margin should look like for that business.
Christophe Beck : Yeah, that's a good way to look at it. Normal wise the margin so would keep improving actually. So if we think mid to long-term, the margin trajectory for industrial are will become even healthier going forward. Because when we talk about, give back, we're not giving back anything. Pricing is going up quarter-over-quarter in industrial like in other businesses by-the-way as well. Volume is going up as well.  So it's kind of this short-term inflationary pressure, which is quite strong. Which is growing so quicker than the way we price for all good reasons since we want to make sure that we keep old customers while we do that and that we dropped it. So by the value we create as well, ultimately, when delivered product cost curve is going to ease margin, it's going to improve again, as you've seen last year, by the way, which was the end of another cycle as well in industrial.
Tim Mulrooney : Very clear. Thank you.
Christophe Beck : Thank you, Tim.
Operator: Our next question is from Manav Patnaik from Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Manav Patnaik : Yeah. Thank you. I was just hoping you can give us an update competitively in terms of John, I'm guessing everyone is raising prices and so customers are aware of that. But has the share gains moved one way or the other? Just curious if there's any updated there to provide.
Christophe Beck : Yeah. Hi, Manav. I wish that most competitors would be driving as much pricing as we do. If -- unfortunately, not exactly the case, which thank God. We drive pricing based on the value we create. So we have a good discussion so is our customers. We have opportunities to add value in your own productivity, and we will get part of that as well, so going forward, if I look at most of the competitors in most of the businesses, they all behind us in terms of price evolution. So we see ourselves as being the leader in most of those industries as well. So we need to show the way as well. So part of the reason, but ultimately, I wish that there would be a bit stronger as well in terms of price evolution..
Manav Patnaik : Got it. And then just regionally in Europe with a greater competitor there, or any update to how your recovery in Europe is progressing.
Christophe Beck : It's generally quite good. The recovery was a little bit steeper in Europe than in the U.S. because, as you know, they went from totally locked down to almost wholly opening up, which was different in the U.S. and then you have a bit of the bumps in the UK or in Germany because cases -- numbers are going up. Generally, the trends are quite positive and our international business, Manav, is growing positively as well, and keep in mind that last year we were flat as well. We were not declining in international so having a positive growth this year is a good indication that things are recovering quite nicely.
Manav Patnaik : Thank you.
Christophe Beck : Thank you, Manav.
Operator: Our next question is from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. Please, proceed with your question.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good afternoon. Chris, Josh, just on price versus raws, when do you expect a fully catch up to these higher raw material costs?
Christophe Beck : So David, if you just take the dollar value year-to-date, we are ahead already, which is really in the Ecolab model, so it's not within the quarter. But if I take the year-to-date, pricing is ahead of the delivered product cost, dollar pressure. And for the most part, we will remain ahead. It's not a perfect science, but it comes in lockstep. To me, the main objective is making sure that we can drive margin in percent and that takes more time to get there because they inflationary pressures grows faster than our pricing capability.
David Begleiter : Very good. I know it's early for next year, but as we approach November, do you have early thoughts on how to think about the earnings progression for next year?
Christophe Beck : Yeah, it's very early as you say, David. I think so first on the inflation side, I believe it's going to be very similar to the pressure that we have or that we are experiencing in '21 and that's why the pricing evolution that we have this year, roughly 2%. We're expecting to get towards 4% next year. We'll be -- a good equation at least though over time, and generally so for the trends for '22, when I just step back a bit, I think it's going to be fairly consistent with what we've seen in the second half of the year. So overall, it's going to be probably better than what we've seen pre -COVID, if I may say. Good top-line momentum with good leverage with it.
David Begleiter : Very good. Thank you very much.
Christophe Beck : Thank you, David.
Operator: Our next question is from John McNulty from BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
John P. Mc Nulty : Thanks for taking my question. Just on the topic of the institutional business, can you speak to where you are from a volume perspective relative to 2019, for your third quarter?
Christophe Beck : It's a good question, I'll need some help for that. We're all recovering very nicely in institutional. In general, maybe just to give you an idea of the trajectory, we expect to be ahead of 2019 and early '22. I don't know which months that's exactly going to be, that's depending on a bunch of things. But generally we see that in the next 3 to 6 months, it's going to happen, so for sure. So right now we are -- roughly in Q3. So 11% down in volume. And we will be expecting to be close to 19 [Indiscernible] early 22.
John P. Mc Nulty : Got it. You've come back a good bit of the way, I guess as a follow-up, you mentioned a bunch of labor issues for a handful of your general customer basis. Can you speak to how much of an issue that is for them? How does it impact the overall growth for that business to recover? And then also maybe some of the solutions that you can provide, some of these customers that help them with their labor issues.
Christophe Beck : It's a great question because it's a real challenge for the industry, not just for our end customers in -- and really specific to institutional here. So the whole distribution channel is also struggling with that. So getting trucks unloaded from our plans to the distribution center and then afterwards getting the picking right as well. So for our customers, it's an interesting world out there. But I'd like to say as well, what's really important is that most, if not all of our customers, including the distributors, are now clearly of underlining our service quality. We've done huge efforts to make sure that we can deliver to our distributors and to our customers.  Which is first and foremost what needs to happen, especially with Hurricane Ida that didn't help but I think that we've ended up in a very good place in terms of service level. Now to your question on the staffing. If you just look at the numbers. Institutional business up 24%, very good progression. We are almost at same level as 2019 in terms of customers that we're serving. As well we have our restaurant sales that are not even 10% down versus last year when the dining food traffic is down over 20%. Generally, we're doing very well versus the market. But at the same time, when you go to restaurants, you see that they can't serve all the tables, so they can't be open every single day of the week as well.  So it's basically showing an indication that we could be even better or will be better the moment that they get the staffing right and last but not least, your point on how we help them get there. Obviously, the service that we provide on a regular basis going there, well, is very helpful for them. Because if the kitchen -- if the housekeeping, if the warewashing is not done appropriately. Well, it's even worse because they usually don't have people who can truly do the work, since they're all new, changing so often as well.  That's problematic and we provide a lot of products, as well that need much less labor, as well the same time, you think about the disinfectants, we talked about against COVID, while you don't need to rents for instance, as well. You save a lot of time doing the same work that other companies offer. That's helping as well with the labor shortage.
John P. Mc Nulty : Thanks very much for the color.
Christophe Beck: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Parkinson with Mizuho, please proceed with your question.
Christopher Parkinson: Great. Thank you very much. You're clearly not only enthusiastic on, but you are executing on the share gain fronts, which seems to be across the portfolio. But what's the primary driver here, is it enterprise selling as you've spoken in the past, new platforms like science certified, digitization, new customers desire to go to brand name. If you could just briefly dissect the recent success, what underscores your multiyear confidence, it would be greatly appreciated. Thank you very much.
Christophe Beck : You are welcome Chris. So, there are a few drivers, the main 1 we have is really so the new business generation, it's not new, you're familiar with that. We have close 2,000 people managing, so corporate accounts, as we call them, and we're very proud of that team and net new business generation is at an all-time high, which is good because it's the pipeline of new business as well for the future. And it's driven by 2 main drivers. If I may say, the one you mentioned, it's the Ecolab Science Certified, especially on the institutional side.  Customers are looking for ways to provide the right confidence for their own customers, their guests, as they call them, and Science Certified requires the full Ecolab program to be certified, while that means higher penetration of most of the solutions assets. We get more units and more solutions that within the existing units in order for those customers to the certification. One of the latest, as I mentioned on Investors day so as McDonald's, which has been a great story with them endorsing Science Certified.  And on the industrial side is that we're net 0 program is getting some very interesting traction because many of our customers, if not most, have made a lot of sustainability commitments out there, that some of them have a hard time to reach or get closer to stay on track for that. So they need our help even more in order to get to their own commitment. That's helping generating as well new business and last, but not least, new engines, like a data centers and high-tech are extraordinary growth drivers. Really addressing your needs that existed pre -pandemic. But the pandemic has given a huge boost to cloud computing as we all know, since we all using this virtual technologies, while that's driving our own business as well at the same time.
Christopher Parkinson: That's very helpful. And just as a very quick corollary of that, just turning to European Institutional, recently, there was a little bit sluggish versus its regional peers, but it seems to be edging in the right direction. Could you just briefly comment on what trends you're seeing there across the region, share gain opportunity, and just your ability just to further drive margins higher across the region. Thank you very much.
Christophe Beck : Yeah. Good question, Chris. We've done the last 10 years and you've been following us for a long time. A lot of fundamental work in Europe for all our businesses. When you think about it, 10 years ago, we were making no money as a Company in Europe. Now, we are in the low teens, 13%, 14% in that region. That's been a remarkable of profitability improvement. Interestingly enough, Institutional has not made as much progress as all the other businesses in Europe because there was so much fundamental work that had to be done in terms of organization, in terms of systems, in terms of leadership, in terms of innovation. While it's taken us more time. But I would say the pandemic has helped us in a way.  It's hurt us short term, obviously, whenever things that were shut down. But ultimately, our customers have seen that they needed a partner that could help them to provide the assurance that they get. Which was new, that was not exactly the focus there were having pre -pandemic. And now so we getting the fruits of all the work we've done over the past few years, where customers are recognizing that well, we're adding value that other suppliers can't provide.
Christopher Parkinson: Great. Thank you.
Christophe Beck : Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from John Roberts with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
John Roberts : Thank you. Just a little clarification on the labor comments -- customer labor comments that you made earlier. Are you -- do you have any lost revenues? Because the customers just don't have enough staff to do all the cleaning that they would prefer to do?
Christophe Beck : Absolutely, when restaurants are open, John, 3 days a week instead of 7 or whatever the schedule is. Well, this is lost revenue for them and this is lost revenue for us. But the good news is that well, they going to open up at some point as they did pre -pandemic as well. That's going to help us as well.
John Roberts : No, I meant just the -- they were open but they have short-staffed while they were opening and so cleaning is getting deprioritized.
Christophe Beck : This was the case, John, early on, it's evolving quite nicely because you and I being guests in hotels and restaurants. Well, we had some understanding for the lower cleaning standards during the pandemic. We paying the same price at the end for a room or for a meal. We expect as well a similar quality of service and of cleanliness as well. So this is something that's coming back progressively, but the labor shortage is hurting that. So the trends are good. It just takes time to get back to the right place.
John Roberts : And then I don't think healthcare and life science is very seasonal. So could you talk a little bit about the sequential change on a sequential basis. I assume hand sanitizer were still down sequentially. I don't know when that bottoms and you get up comps. And what was up offsetting that?
Christophe Beck : A few things here. You're right, it's not really a seasonal business. That's not the way we look at it, for sure not. But last year was an exceptional year because of demand and because of a lot of government driven demand healthcare sanitizers and all those products. Estimates are exceptionally high back then. back then. If you just look at the Q3, say it's a 17% down versus last year, but they were up 8% versus '19, if you just do the math. And in terms of mix and not so much seasonality, what's driving profitability in healthcare, is mostly the surgical part and COVID, as you know, so has shifted away the elective surgeries, which has shifted our business as well towards a lower profitability type of business.  But this is short-term. It's driven by COVID, the moment that surgeries are coming back ultimately, we'll have the double combination, first on seeing growth because we will be comparing against the more normal period, and second, profitability is going to come very naturally back because surgical is going to come back as well.
John Roberts: Thank you.
Christophe Beck : You're welcome, John.
Operator: Our next question is from Gary Bisbee with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Gary Bisbee : Hey guys, good afternoon. So I want to go back institutional for a minute. I think versus 2019 pre -pandemic, if you adjust for currencies in the last two years, the business institutional segment remains 8% below pre -pandemic revenue levels in the quarter. You commented you thought volumes in the next three to six months would get back to pre -pandemic levels. Does that equate to that revenue gap getting back to pre -pandemic levels or are there other puts intakes that could lead revenue to take longer?  And as part of that, I guess I also wondered, what unit level -- customer level do you think you'll be at when revenue gets to pre -pandemic levels? So that in -- I asked that from the perspective that you've talked about more products per unit, particularly for those clients that are using Ecolab Science Certified. Thank you.
Christophe Beck : Yes, so, Gary, big picture as mentioned earlier, institutionally expected so early '22, so to get back to 2019 levels, at the top-line level, I don't know exactly which months that's going to be. But within the next 6 months, it's going to be the case, which is very steady and healthy recovery. With that, the fact that we had very good new business while that's going to be installed as well in the months to come. So if today we have almost the same number of units and the same number of solutions within units out there, well it is going to compound. Then afterwards, once we get more units, more days that are going to be open, more staffing in the restaurants as mentioned, as well before.  So all those elements, ultimately, are going to help institutional accelerate versus what we saw in '19 pre -pandemic as well. On top of it, you have pricing that's also evolving in the right direction as in every business that we have in the Company that's going to add to it as well and last, but not least, from an earnings perspective as well, Institutional has done remarkable work in terms of field organization, system implementation, that really help as well drive an even better leverage in that business. So overall trending in the right direction, it's going to take a few quarters in order get there, but I feel confident that we [Indiscernible] on a good path.
Gary Bisbee : Okay, great. And then you've talked a lot about your own pricing and how you're handling the raw material pressures, if we just think supply chain in general, not so much the cost and pricing angle, but are you seeing any volume issues of your own or do you feel like any of your customers in any of the segments are really being impacted in the volumes they're using based on the widespread supply chain challenges that are going on globally? Thank you.
Christophe Beck : To assert an extent, yes. So there's a labor shortage, as we mentioned before, but that's the one that you're talking about, obviously here. But take the example of the car industry, I saw outdoors. The chip shortage that's happening out there. Well, has nothing to do with our own operation, but it's reducing the demand just because they're less costs being produced, because they can't produce them because of the chips ultimately out there. So that's one, so that's something we can't control obviously.  What we can control is always making sure that we can supply our customers in a way that doesn't stop or impact their own operations. And in this crazy world of shortages, and hurricane, and Texas freeze, and you name it ultimately, not one customers had to stop ultimately because of what we were not able to supply. I've met a bunch of CEOs over the past few months as well, and all have been very complementary as well in our ability to serve them in a difficult environment. [Indiscernible], yes, it's not helping. Growth, if there were no shortage, we would be probably growing faster, but I don't think that it's a major impact on us.
Gary Bisbee : Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you. And good afternoon, everyone. A bit of a follow-up on the supply dynamics. When you speak to your suppliers these days, how much of the issue at this point and as we look into 2022 is still that they're struggling to get their plans back up and running at a full run rate versus just that the broader customer base, very much wants to rebuild inventory and is also probably seeing very good demand and so is it -- how much of a risk do you see that either: A, there's another run-up in raw material costs, even as supply normalizes just because people want to rebuild inventory or B, just that the raw stays stickier at these higher levels well through next -- well into through next year?
Christophe Beck : Well, the short answer is that I think it's going to last 12-plus months, what we're experiencing now. And that's the way we're organized, that's the way we're addressing it. That's the way we planning for it as well. Supply shortages are going to be here. So for a while, you are familiar with the China, U.S. transport issues that are existing as well. There are many suppliers as well in the U.S. who have gone through force measures as well over the past few months. Sometimes for great reasons and sometimes not so much. Just to get some more margins as well with costs going up as well.  The way we're thinking through that is that as mentioned, earlier I expect the inflationary pressure in dollars in '22 to be very similar to the one in '21 with easing plateauing during the second half of next year. Which is why on one hand [Indiscernible], thank God, we've gotten very well organized in order to become more resilient in order to make sure we can supply our customers. And second, that we doubling our pricing from 2% to 4%, '21 versus '22 in order to address that. And if the world gets better earlier, well, we're all going to be happier.
Gary Bisbee : Okay, thank you very much.
Christophe Beck : You're welcome, [Indiscernible]
Operator: Our next question is from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Daniel Rizzo: Good morning -- good afternoon, guys. Dan Rizzo on for Laurence. Just in terms of pricing that we've talked about a lot, is there situations where there's pricing rebates or pricing givebacks if things were to ease dramatically? Obviously that's not expected if the world changes in 6 months, 9 months. Would you get pricing concessions?
Christophe Beck : Overall we don't, Dan, we serving 3 million customers in the world, I won't say that it's the case for a 100% of all those locations that we're serving, but generally, if you look at just the last 10 years, Ecolab never went backwards in pricing. You have years with higher pricing and some with lower pricing and in average you get to 1% plus something like that, which is a good indication of the fact that pricing is something that we hold going forward. And why that is, because we always link the pricing that we asking with the value that we're creating so far with customers. How much dollar value we've had them create by reducing the usage of natural resources, their improved productivity, reduced waste, and so on.  Ultimately, that doesn't go away when the raw materials will go down, ultimately, which is on one hand, the reason why pricing is always going to go up, and second, that the margins ultimately for the Company gets better because you get lower input costs for a price that keeps going up as well. And last point is innovation as well, which is always brought in the market with higher margin. That helps as well improving the leverage in a much more natural way.
Daniel Rizzo: That's really helpful. And then just one clarification on something you said before. Did you say that you expect the raw material or the inflation environment to last for all of 2022 or most of 2022? Did I catch that right?
Christophe Beck: Yeah. I wish I could know exactly, but I am saying the next 12 months, it's going to be the case and that's the way we're planning. That's the way we're getting organized though. I think it's going to ease the second half of next year. When is it going to start? How much is it going to be? I don't know, we're planning with the fact that it's going to be a tough year next year in terms of inflation, and if it gets better, then okay, it's going to make everything easier.
Daniel Rizzo: Okay. Thank you very much.
Christophe Beck : You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Petrie with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Petrie : Hi. Thank you and good afternoon, Christophe.
Christophe Beck : Good afternoon, Eric.
Eric Petrie : Which segments of industrial have you seen the greatest initial interest in your net 0 program?
Christophe Beck : That's a great question. It depends when, Eric. The ones over the last few years has been the food and beverage customers. Those are the Consumer Goods brands that are the most on the leading edge because their own consumers are asking them to behave the right way in terms of environmental protection and natural resources usage. But then, the ones that are the most forward-looking, interestingly enough, or the high-tech companies like Microsoft who have put the most ambitious commitments by 2030, you've read that, so they want to be so carbon positive and water positive as well, which means giving back all the views since the beginning being in operations whenever that was, our early 90's as Microsoft.  So there we use a lot of new technology for that. And the last one I'll just mentioned, Eric, which is becoming very interested. That was not interested 6 months ago. Interestingly enough, is downstream in oil and gas because while investors and consumers are truly asking them so to shift and those ones are coming to us, and they did not 12 months ago. So very different types of industries, but the trends, it's clearly going all in the same direction.
Eric Petrie : Thank you, and then a question on Ecolab Science Certified, I think that program was launched sometime in third quarter of '20. When do you think you'll reach a point of market saturation or where the program doesn't add to top line?
Christophe Beck : That's a great question. I hope never. But, well, these are a 100% somewhere, obviously. But, interestingly enough, we have today 33 thousand locations that are Ecolab Science Certified in the U.S. and we serving close to 200 thousand locations. So there is a lot of runway and that's just in the U.S. We expanding in Canada, in the U.K. Right now, it's easier because the same language for the most part as well, and then we have the rest of the world, but we're careful in expanding internationally because since it's a new program, as you mentioned [Indiscernible] last year really want to understand how it works, how it's perceived, what's right, what's not right as well.  I think that the runway is quite long and it's been much more successful than I thought it would be. Initially, I thought it would be just COVID related while this is not the case. Interestingly enough, lodging customers or hotel are becoming increasingly interested in that program because guests want to have that feeling of well-being when they go to a hotel. The same for offices as well. So those are new opportunities that we didn't think about earlier on. That adds ultimately to the accessible market that we have in front of us.
Eric Petrie : Thank you, Christophe.
Christophe Beck : Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin Mc Carthy : Yes. Good afternoon. Christophe, I was wondering if you could talk through the hurricane impacts. It looks as though the impact is expected to be half of what you thought it might have been on September 13th and your prepared remarks suggest you attack that through pricing and productivity, so I was wondering if you could address each of those things and provide some more color as to how you went about mitigating that.
Christophe Beck : Good question, Kevin. Well it's a -- our practice is when we see something happening that was not planned, we always get to you as quickly as we can to be transparent what we see at that moment. So the downside of that practice is obviously, a week or 2 later, if things have changed for the better, in that case. Well, the forecast is a bit different as such. To give you some color on the Hurricane Ida, we have systems are showing where the hurricanes are going to go or what's the path of the hurricane. And we initially thought that it would really so -- avoid one of the large plants that we have in Louisiana, in the Garyville. Well, unfortunately, a few hours before a change [Indiscernible] exactly one of our main plants in the U.S.  And with the damage we had there we thought the plant would be closed for 3 months. And our supply chain team that fortunately or unfortunately, depending on how you want to look at it, has a lot of practice this year with natural catastrophes as such. Well, has brought all the teams we had from other plants as well in order to help them rebuild part of the production lines that had been damaged because you couldn't find contractors in the area either for all the reasons we know. [Indiscernible] reduced the 3 months stop to 3 weeks ultimately. That has been great to our customers, first and foremost, in second, it's allowed us to reduce the impact quite dramatically. So that's an additional point to the ones you mentioned.
Kevin Mc Carthy : I see. Then as a brief follow-up, have you implemented incremental price increases over the last few months? And I guess regardless of the answer, how would you expect price contributions to trend in 4Q versus 3Q?
Christophe Beck : So the short answers that we've gone to many customers 3 times this year. Usually in normal times, whatever that truly means, we do that once a year or -- it's a very natural practice that the Company has, where we discussed the plan for next year, how much value we're creating for the customer, what's going to be the -- our share of that in other words, the price that we're going to get for it as well and making sure that the returns for customers so improve, that's normal practice once a year.  We did 3 times in average this year so very unusual. I assume it's going to be similar, next year or so between 1 and 3 times, it's going to be more than 1, that I'm sure. We go for a bunch of pricing rounds. Now, to your question Q4 versus Q3, we heading to what's 4% to enter 2022. Is it going to be the full quarter in Q4? I'm not totally sure yet. It's going to happen some time doing the fourth quarter, depending on when we get it done. It will be for the full quarter or it's going to be as we enter '22, but I have a high confidence level that we're going to get the pricing that we're looking for.
Kevin Mc Carthy : Very helpful. Thanks so much.
Christophe Beck : You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question is from Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Rosemarie Morbelli : Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone.
Christophe Beck : Bonjour, Marie.
Rosemarie Morbelli : Christophe, looking at the price of oil having reached to $80 a barrel or there about, is that -- do you see that already beginning to help your downstream business? And still on the downstream side, how is your net zero category going to help them? Which areas are you focusing on?
Christophe Beck : Great question. The high price of oils make some people happy in our organization, that's the downstream team. And most of the rest of Company in a bit less happy because that's an input costs that's going up, but net it's okay. We know how to manage that, generally. So you've seen down stream though went up, so in Q3 so 2%, so we crossed the board of the 0, which is good. We see so really good evolution in downstream. Yes, there's the price of oil is helping on the demand. They've done some very good work as well in our downstream [Indiscernible] in terms of new business. This is helping and not directly related to the price of oil for sure. And when you talk about the net zero, it's very interesting early discussions as such, but to take one example of one European Company, actually with whom we are working on that net zero program. They basically saying you need to help us improve the environmental footprint of our old energy, which is the refining part, before we can focus on the new energy the renewables as such.  So we've really help them understand that by reducing the water consumption in a refinery. Which by the way, is the number 1 natural resource that's being used in a refinery while you reduced the energy usage as well for electricity. So for the most part as well, so they reduce the water consumption, they reduce the carbon footprint by doing it, and they reduce the cost, I mean help inflation. Now, interestingly enough, it's an industry that was not so much interested in even having that discussion that has changed dramatically, and that's helping create a new demand for us.
Rosemarie Morbelli : Okay. And then -- thanks that is helpful. And then looking at Europe, which you know very well since you run it for a while, if my memory serves me right.
Christophe Beck : That's right.
Manav Patnaik : What is -- I understand that you will never get the institutional business to reach the level of the institutional high-end and normal circumstances in North America. So what is the difference, other than the fact that you have multitude of countries and different advertisements and so on. Is the competitive arena also very different? What is your new management there doing to accept some of them?
Christophe Beck : You said it the right way, so we will not reach the profitability level of the U.S. because it's not 1 country and the complexities is bigger. As you mentioned, the language is logistics, regulatory, and so on. That's a cost of doing business that's higher than in the U.S. That's true for most companies, obviously. But that's not the reason why we shouldn't get close to it. But we had to really do some fundamental work over there in getting our structure right, getting our talent right, getting our logistics right, and most importantly, we can't forget that 10 plus years ago, Institutional in Europe was a product business.  We were selling products versus programs and outcomes in the U.S., because it was a joint venture with a consumer goods Company, 10 plus years ago, that we had over there. Well, that's a major cultural shift as well for our team that needed to happen. So we are a patient Company, you know that we've been working on business for years, take Pest Elimination, took us 10 years to bring it profitable and now it's one of our most profitable businesses globally that we have. I feel confident that in Europe we will get to a very healthy place even if it's not at the level of the U.S., it's going to be a very solid business down the road, but it's still going to take some time.
Rosemarie Morbelli : Okay. [Indiscernible]
Christophe Beck: [Indiscernible]
Operator: Our next question is from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer, please proceed with your question.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much. Good afternoon, Chris, I've just kind of taken a question off something you just mentioned. The other segment, the margin really rebounding strongly and it's now above the 2019 level despite commentary end markets that have not fully recovered, I'm just curious if you could delve in a little bit to what is driving the margin in other end? Where that possibly could go, since we're now above '19. Thanks.
Christophe Beck : So you know that we have in our segments or you have a combination of different businesses, obviously, pest elimination being the bigger and best one. You have textile care, that's in there and CTG or our Colloidal Technology Group. Very different businesses, obviously. So it's hard to talk about an average as such. The main driver is pest elimination that has done a remarkable work during the pandemic.  They've recovered very quickly during 2020 and kept growing as well in '21. And at the same time have managed as well to improve their profitability versus '19, 3.5 percentage points as such. So large business growing very nicely, profitable and getting more profitability. Obviously, you get a lot of leverage and Scott, that drives the good results that you've seen in our so-called other segments.
Scott Schneeberger: Excellent, thanks, I appreciate that, and then in my follow-up on that kind of delve into in the supplemental discussed in the summary section, there is commentary expecting to enter 2022, solid momentum driving strong top, bottom line through product and service innovation, digital solution, new markets and inappropriate pricing. Just curious, Chris tophe, at this point, can you elaborate on new markets in that sentence? Specifically what you had in mind, if not a follow-up, but I just want to delve on that. Thanks.
Christophe Beck : Yes. So it's kind of all of the above starting first with new business. It always feels a bit mundane. But we have these [Indiscernible] in the Company that in doubt, go and sell something. And it's really having everyone trying to sell new customers -- new solutions to existing customer. This is job one and we want to make sure that we don't lose, obvioulsy. So that's [Indiscernible] interestingly enough, when you do more pricing, that has an impact as well on how much new business. So it's not a perfect science, but we manage that reasonably well, or very well, if I may say. In terms of new markets, I'll mention a few.  So the one I express before our data center business, which is driven by the whole boom of a cloud computing. We've created that high-tech division, which is really dedicated to those companies with their own needs, up time quality, cyber security, and all that, which is growing extremely fast. That's one of the new markets. Animal Health is another one, which has been this year a bit by the pandemic and some difficulties in some countries. But ultimately, that's also one that's going to grow very fast in the years to come. And most importantly, you had life science, which is a business that we created 5 years ago.  It's a 300 million business growing double-digit with extremely high profitability as well. This one it's just at the beginning of its growth story, and as you know, life science is serving mostly the farmer industry. Which is the trillion dollar industry, growing double-digit. And for me we have so much to offer to that industry. I think that's going to be the number 1 new market to use your term. That's going to help us grow as well next year and the years to come.
Scott Schneeberger: Excellent. It sounds good. And that's what I expected to hear. It's just we want to make sure there wasn't anything geographical, perhaps expanding, but I will turn it over. Thanks so much, Christophe.
Christophe Beck : You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question is from Shlomo Rosenbaum from Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Hey, Christophe, a couple of quick questions. Just -- maybe some of the growth in water and paper particularly strong, can you dissect how much is it would you say is coming from easier comps and how much is really an accelerated cans of those businesses that we should be thinking about just done in a more regular basis?
Christophe Beck : Yes, so first on water. It's been a steady business for many, many years because of all the right reasons is that water scarcity has become a bigger issue and by reducing the water usage, you reduce energy usage, you reduce your carbon footprint. So it fits really well, with the net 0 idea. So the water business, which is a very large business while the Company has been successful for years. And we'll keep going well because customers needed even more because of this net 0 approaches that step.  Now on paper, it's been an unbelievable year in Q3, growing so 19%, you have gone up a 1/3 of it is pricing, 2/3 is volume, some is comp, but a lot of new business as well has been generated in our paper division. So it's not going to stay at that high level just because the comp are going to normalize going forward, but it's going to remain a healthy business going forward with a very nice profitable margin as well.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay, great. And what's the interest internally at Ecolab to pursue M&A within their pest business. And there's been more consolidation outside with other players [Indiscernible] bought a lot of small businesses. Is that something that you guys would be interested in going and doing more activity over there or alternatively, if someone approached you about your business, would you be interested in doing a deal with someone else?
Christophe Beck : So hard for me to comment on M&A as you know, Shlomo, but it's a great business for us, it's definitely not excluded from what we're looking at out there. We've done a lot of acquisitions and that's the way, it's grown to a certain extent as well. We started with an acquisition in North Dakota, so a few decades ago as well. So we know how to do, it works really well. We do not excluded, is it number one priority in terms of M&A? No. I've always mentioned it's life science, water, healthcare, and digital are the big ones out there. But, hey, Shlomo, we would not have strategy getting under way of making money. If there's a good opportunity out there, we'll consider it as we've always done.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Mr. Monahan, there are no questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to you for closing remarks.
Michael Monahan: Thank you. That wraps up our third quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated discussion slides will be available for replay on our website. Thanks for your time and participation and best wishes for the rest of the day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-27 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ecolab Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce to you your host, Mr. Mike Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Mike Monahan: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's Second Quarter Conference Call. With me today are Christophe Beck, Ecolab's CEO; and Dan Schmechel, our CFO. A discussion of our results, along with our earnings release and the slides referencing the quarter's results, are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements in these materials, which state that this teleconference and the associated supplemental materials include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described under the Risk Factors section in our most recent Form 10-K and in our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with a brief overview, strong second quarter results reflected significant year-on-year sales and earnings growth, driven by recovering markets, accelerating pricing and new business wins, which more than offset increased delivered product costs and the slower pace of reopenings outside the U.S. We've implemented aggressive pricing actions to offset increase over product costs leveraging the strong product and service value we deliver to customers. When combined with our strong new business wins, we expect to once again successfully manage the current inflation challenges and uneven global economic recovery to deliver very strong sales and earnings growth in 2021. Our position as a leader in food safety, clean water and healthy environments has become even more important in the last 18 months. We believe this position, along with our strong long-term growth opportunities, remain robust driven by our huge remaining market opportunity, our leading global market positions, our focus on providing our strong customer base with improved results while lowering their water, energy and other operating costs and, through that, our ability to help them meet their growing ESG ambitions. We believe that these sustainable long-term business drivers will continue to yield superior long-term performance for Ecolab and our investors. And now here's Christophe Beck with his comments.
Christophe Beck: Thank you so much, Mike, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. As expected, Q2 was indeed a very strong quarter for our company. Acquisition adjusted sales rose 12%, driven by the U.S. and China with the reopening of Europe and the rest of the world expected to follow progressively. Adjusted earnings per share ended up a strong 88% over last year. U.S. institutional sales more than doubled in the second quarter versus the same quarter in 2020, clearly outperforming the industry. The number of restaurants we serve as well as the number of solutions they buy from us ended up almost back to 2019 levels and are growing fast. Both are strong signs of how much business we've gained during the pandemic and the growth potential we have as markets reopen. Industrial accelerated to 3% in Q2, driven by strong new business generated during the pandemic and accelerated pricing. Water sales were up 7% with light industries up 12% driven by strong momentum in new segments like data centers, which, by the way, grew 53% in the quarter. Paper was up 10% driven by strong demand for our innovative solutions in board and packaging, while food and beverage kept improving. Downstream remained a bit challenged in the quarter as it repositions itself from a focus on operational efficiency toward new promising sustainability offering. Healthcare and Life Sciences also had very strong and consistent underlying sales growth in Q2 with mid-single and double-digit growth, respectively. Reported sales were only down as they respectively compared to exceptional growth of 13% and 53% in 2020, largely driven by unusual high demands and one timer during the pandemic. And finally the other segments grew 23%, driven by continued strengths of pest elimination, which was up 21% in the quarter benefiting from further market opening and very strong of business. On the margin front things progress very well too which overall margins improving 420 basis points. Beyond the U.S. institutional recovery, our continued progress benefited from accelerated investment made in digital technology during the pandemic as well as overall pricing that accelerated to 2% in the second quarter. With this backdrop and for the full year, we remain confident of our ability to deliver adjusted earnings that are better than 2019, excluding the Texas raise. How much better is the only question, considering the Delta variant, the timing of your opening in Europe and in the rest of the world as well as the speed and amplitude of the rise of inflation. More broadly, our longer-term outlook has never been stronger. Our new business and innovation pipelines are at record levels. Our new growth engines like life sciences, health care, high tech and data centers are all very well positioned to drive incremental growth. And our digital capabilities continue to increase customer value, field productivity and customer experience. Our main focus right now will be to leverage this positive pricing environment to protect and strengthen our margins and do so while further enhancing value for our customers. This is something we've accomplished many times in the past and expect to successfully accomplish once again. Therefore, we've now embarked on a third round of price increases, which will progressively cover the new rapid rise of input costs that we've seen in Q2 with the biggest impact to be seen in Q4 when we expect pricing to reach 4%. Overall, we feel good about our ability to deliver the second half of '21, even if the pacing between the next two quarters will be slightly different than initially anticipated. We now expect attractive sequential improvement in the third quarter and a more significant one in the fourth as pricing actions will hit the P&L. And finally, global trends in people health, like infection prevention and food safety; as well as planet health, like water and carbon emissions are becoming front and center for every business leader. And there's no one positioned to help customers on both fronts better than Ecolab while helping them ensure strong and long-term business sales. In other words, we're strengthening our global position as the natural sustainability partner for our customers. All this, combined with the strengthened highly innovative portfolio, strong business momentum, terrific new wins, accelerated pricing and unique digital capabilities to position us with great momentum for '22 and will contribute to drive continued strong digital -- double-digit earnings growth for the years to come. With that, I look forward to your questions.
Mike Monahan: Thanks, Christophe. That concludes our formal remarks. As a final note before we begin Q&A, we plan to hold our 2021 Investor Day on Tuesday, September 14 in St. Paul. Operator, please begin the question-and-answer period.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Tim Mulrooney with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Tim Mulrooney: Good afternoon, Christophe. Thank you for taking my question. So, okay. So I want to focus on raw materials and price, which probably doesn't surprise you. But in the face of raw material cost pressure, I think your typical formula is to increase price to make up for the dollar amount in year one and then the margin in year two. But in your press release, you said the recent pricing actions you took remain ahead of input costs. So I was hoping you could clarify this language a little bit. If your price minus cost dynamic is currently positive, it sounds like you've already moved past Phase 1, and you're essentially already on Phase 2, which is working to rebuild the margin. Am I reading into that statement incorrectly? Or is that how you would characterize it?
Christophe Beck: The general direction, Tim, is right. Actually, when I look at the first half of 2021, so I like a lot, where pricing was compared to the input cost. We're usually good at that as well so to begin with. Now what has changed is that the indices, as we've all seen, you've seen that as well, so during the second quarter so have changed for the much higher for the second half. And that has indicated we had to change our pricing plans quite significantly. It's been the third time we've done it over the last 12 months. We've engaged those new plants as well with the whole team. We have indicated that as well to customers and progress is good. So, we were ahead. Market has changed a little bit, which forced us to change our plans as well. And I feel good right now that we will be in a good place for the second half, both in terms of dollar and progressively improving the margin. And now to that point, it's going to impact mostly Q4, obviously, because it takes some time obviously to agree with customers to get to that new pricing. So we will see a better improvement in Q4 than what we have expected and a lower improvement in Q3 than what we had expected, but overall, so for the second half, basically at the same place as what we had planned initially.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay, very clear. And the announcement that you guys gave publicly in a press release, I think that was specifically related to the industrial segments. But presumably, you're also seeing cost pressures in institutional and health care as well. Are you implementing price increases across those divisions as well? Or is this really a conversation about industrial primarily?
Christophe Beck: We're implementing price increases in every business every year. Tim, this is really a practice that we have coached our teams and our customers for the many past years, as well, really making sure it's not an event, but it's really something that's happening every single year, really driven by the value we create for our customers and not directly driven by the input cost, which is one of the elements, obviously, of the discussion. So you're right, industrial takes the heaviest or biggest part. Because of their cost structure, this is nothing new, and they're really good at it. So, the majority of the price increase is in industrial, but the other businesses are moving up as well at the same time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Manav Patnaik: I just had a broad question, which is what do you need to see happen in terms of visibility before you can start giving your detailed guidance like you used to. I was just hoping you could help us through some of the moving pieces maybe beyond just the Delta variants, I suppose.
Christophe Beck: Yes. Hi, Manav. Good question. So it's all related to the variant Delta or D as it's called out there. As you know, if you look at the past 20 years, we've always delivered within our guidance with the exception of 9/11, unfortunately, so 20 years ago. So for us, the level of assurance and certainty is very high. And we focus on everything we can control, including questions of price and inflation, as we just discussed. The Delta variant is something that is really unusual, hard to predict as well. So that's the only question mark that we have out there. The clearer things are going to become vaccination rates with how governments and countries are reacting as well out there, well, will bring us closer to us providing as well guidance. We will get back to that. We like it. It's something that has been good for us and for investors as well at the same time. So we'll get back when time is right. But so far, I'd say if things do not change materially, our directional guidance remains true, and we will firm it up as soon as variant D becomes more clear.
Manav Patnaik: Got it. And just maybe on the margin front, I mean if pricing is ahead of cost and you've obviously learned a lot, I think, in terms of efficiency from the past 15 months or so. So just curious if the incrementals and the incremental margins in the business, should we think of that as getting better or more of the same? Or any color there would be helpful.
Christophe Beck: Overall, for the second half, it's going to be the same. But obviously, so the input cost has changed quite dramatically and the pricing has changed as well, so quite a bit. We had initially thought for the full year that our input cost would increase kind of mid-single digit. That was the initial plan. The way we look at it for the full year now, so it's closer to double digit numbers, so quite a change. And we've changed pricing as well for that. We did add it as well. But let's keep in mind as well that in order to get the margins back to where they used to be, we need to double the pricing versus the input costs since we have a gross margin of 50%, so easy math as such. So, overall, good situation in terms of pricing versus input cost. Second half is going to deliver similar improvement than what we had expected. But as mentioned earlier, the pacing between Q3 and Q4 will be different just because we need some time in order to get agreement with customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Christophe, just again on price versus loss, in Q3, do you expect pricing to again exceed input costs in this quarter?
Christophe Beck: Yes, the price will be ahead of the input cost. And as mentioned before, so our objective is not just to get there, but it's to get back to the margins in percent that we used to have, and that takes a little bit more time. But so far, things are going really well.
David Begleiter: You mentioned, again, Q3 being below your initial expectations with that catch-up in Q4. How much lower is Q3 going to be below versus your prior expectations on a sequential earnings basis?
Christophe Beck: This is hard to tell because it depends on agreements with customers, and it's a question of week one or two months. We do that very thoughtfully with our customers. So we're not a commodity-driven company. As you know, we are all driven by the value we create for our customers with whom we've had relationships for decades. So we are very careful in how we do that really in order to make sure that a year from now, they still believe that we did it the right way that it was good for them, well, it was good for us as well. So it's all timing-dependent for Q3. That's why I'm directionally saying it's going to be a little bit pressured in Q3, and it's for Q3. That's why I'm directionally saying it's going to be a little bit pressured in Q3, and it's going to be better in Q4.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Connors with Boenning and Scattergood.
Ryan Connors: Thanks for taking my question. My first was just on -- you noted that the institutional results were actually not only up nicely year-over-year but actually outpaced the end market, at least as you saw there. Can you kind of give us some color around what metrics or quantitative metrics you have around making that assertion? And then talk about how sustainable that is going forward, is that just a snapback in some specific markets you're in? Or do you think you can continue to outperform as institutional recovers?
Christophe Beck: I like where we are in the U.S., especially since it's where the recovery happened first or second off the China, obviously, but the size is completely different. Maybe just to give you a few numbers as winning here, you look at the restaurant sales, so where 9% down so for us or 91% back to where they used to be which is a better way to look at it. 15% of the end units have closed as well out there in the market. And the dine-in traffic, which means so in the dining room, so it was down 37% as well in the second quarter. So with us being 91% of where we were before, so it's much better than where the market is. And the second perspective is also, we measure how many restaurants or hotels for that matter -- so we serve and how many solutions they buy as well. And we are back to the levels that we were in 2019, knowing that the traffic is not as high as it used to be. So when traffic is coming back up as well, our growth is going to pick up further as well. So I see that as a sustained development.
Ryan Connors: Okay. And then on the flip side, there was a lot to like in the report, but Healthcare was a drag, which I mean, I guess we know that last year was the apex of the pandemic, but I'm a little bit surprised to see that. Can you give us some dynamics around that? Is that sort of more virtual medicine that's driving that? And what's the outlook for that Healthcare as we move into the recovery?
Christophe Beck: No, it's just a comparison versus exceptional results last year driven by the pandemic. So we're comparing some 12% or 13% growth in health care in of 2020 and 53% growth in Life Science as well, so in Q2 driven as well so -- by pharma demand and as well infection prevention solutions as well in the pharma sector. What's important for me is really to look at the underlying growth. So when we strip out -- so the unusual demand of 2020 and one-timers, you see Healthcare, so in mid-single digit, which is better than where we used to be. So this 2%, 3% in the past has moved so closer to the 5%-ish. And Life Science as well underlying is in the double-digit territory, which is very good, so kind of sustained growth as well going forward. So when you strip out the noise, basically, you get to this mid-single and double-digit growth for Healthcare and Life Science, respectively.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee with Bank of America Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Gary Bisbee: First question on margins, I wanted to ask a little differently. Obviously, institutional still down from pre-pandemic levels quite a bit along with the revenue and the volumes. But the other three segments all had second quarter margins ahead of the second quarter of '19. And I know you've had ongoing cost reduction efforts, and there's a lot of moving parts, obviously, with the input costs in the short term and everything else. But outside of institutional, which presumably will continue to see the margin recover with revenue. For the other three businesses, is the margin this quarter a reasonable number to use to think about moving forward other than maybe a little bit of raw material hit in Q3 and maybe you get that back in Q4? Or are some of these that are still way above the 2019 margin? Is there risk of some further give-back to get to a more normal go-forward margin base for each of the segments? Thank you.
Christophe Beck: All three segments are a bit in different places but the headline is that the margin trends are a good indication overall of where we are and where we're heading. But if I just unpack them, just for you, you saw industrial first. Yes, it's growing. But as mentioned before, so it's impacted the most by the input cost, as is always the case, so nothing unusual in here. They have also the biggest share in pricing, and they're really good at it as well at the same time. So there are different elements of cost and price are different, but ultimately so, industrial is going to keep its development in gross margin, and we expect the overall year to stay fairly close to where it used to be as well so last year. Healthcare and Life Science, it's -- as mentioned before, so we're comparing to very unusual growth numbers in Q2 as well last year. And if you strip that out, ultimately, so our margins have improved very nicely in 2020. And we expect as well in Healthcare, Life Science to get quite close to where we were in terms of record margins in '21. And as you mentioned, so institutional is on its path to recover as such. So it's maybe so the business where the margin we had in Q2, the improvement in Q2, so it was a bit overstated as such because we compare in 2020 as well with two special events. The first one was the bad debt that we recorded for obvious reasons in Q2 during the beginning of the pandemic. And second, we foregone as well so the lease payments for these machines. So you compare something that was lower. As such, it's going to change a little bit in Q3 and Q4. But overall, for the Company, good situation in margin and assuming that our assumption obviously is for roles and pricing happen as planned, which I do ultimately, so margins should keep evolving as expected.
Gary Bisbee: Great. And then a quick follow-up. You mentioned in the prepared remarks that you put out there, refocus in mining away from coal and alumina. I think you've alluded to that in the past, but also I saw in downstream, some low-margin refinery exits. Are these materials? Or is this more just sort of coming out of the pandemic trying to refocus the portfolio on the best opportunities? Any color on the -- if there's any other strategic sort of
Christophe Beck: Yes, Gary. It's mostly the latter. So it's really refocusing the portfolio towards the better opportunities. The mining ports moving away from coal, and we focusing towards fertilizers, for instance, which are related to ag into food is something that we started obviously, so way before the pandemic, and it's working really well. So, our exposure to cost has become minimal, over the past few years, and our exposure to the growth segments has become much better, as well. So, risks are lower and growth potential or higher, which is which is good. On the downstream side, it's a bit different. Downstream, it's a bit of a tale of two stories in here. So you have petrochem kind of plastics, which is an end is an end market that's doing well. We've been growing for a long time. We are still growing right now, and we were growing during the pandemic. So this is an end market we like in an end market that we want to further focus on and we're bringing new solutions as well to recycle better plastic, for instance, which is very traditional with our sustainable solutions approach for this business. And then the last point is refining, which is an industry that is in a complete transformation. As we all know, they have to reduce their footprint in terms of carbon footprint as well in here. And that's going to take a few years. So for us to get it right in the way that we have refineries produce with a lower carbon footprint and very good pilot project in there and help those companies as well refocus on renewable as well. So I like where we're going here that's going to take quite some time in order to get to a place where it sustained high-level growth as well in refining. So that's the way I would express it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
John McNulty: So I guess maybe two quick ones. Just with regard to Europe and how you see the reopening or gradual reopening impacting the businesses, can you give us a little bit of color or thoughts on how to think about things sequentially from 2Q to 3Q and the pace of that reopening for both the institutional and the industrial segment?
Christophe Beck: Yes. So, hi, John, the Europe reopening happens of early Q3. Let's put it that way, as you've read as well in the newspaper, I had a chance as well to spend a few weeks as well in Europe. So towards the end of June -- and Europe was clearly close until June, then suddenly, we opened everything. So we've really seen a pickup in our institutional business, so first and foremost, because kind of went from zero to kind of open. Obviously, that's quite a dramatic change, and we've seen that in our numbers, so very encouraging trends in institutional Europe. And we see industrial, which was in a very different place. They were not closed, obviously, like restaurants and hotels, improving as well. So overall, Europe is doing okay so far. And international overall as well, it's an interesting perspective as well to keep in mind where last year, international was kind of flat, which means outside North America. So it was kind of flat for the whole company. And we see it coming back to growth, not only in Q2, but it's going to get even better in Q3, so good news on that front, too.
John McNulty: Got it. That's helpful color. And then I guess from a raw material perspective, can you speak to whether or not you had any issues in terms of sourcing raw materials and if that had any impact on the businesses? Or has it really just been a function of inflation and just getting that through in terms of pricing?
Christophe Beck: It's a great question. The market is tight out there. The Texas freeze made it harder, obviously, so in February for everyone out there. We're lucky enough to have a great procurement team, a great supply chain team as well that could find alternative sourcing, that could reformulate product. So overall, it's been heavy lifting within the organization. But we've been able to supply our customers in a fairly continued manner during the second quarter, and we see that improving as well in the quarters to come. So bottom line, a lot of work, but the great teams are helping customers being supplied as they should.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
John Roberts: Labor is an issue for your institutional customers right now. Is your Lobster software or any of your other digital offerings and enabling you to help your customers with their labor issues?
Christophe Beck: It does. Actually, we're expecting to have close to 1 million users with Lobster Ink. by the end of the year, which is driven by exactly what you're saying. Those labor shortages in hotels and restaurants are creating some new challenges for that industry. They need to train a lot of people coming into restaurants and hotels, and that kind of solutions are definitely helpful. So that's the good side of the story.
John Roberts: And then could you talk about some of your other new product offerings? So many of the new products like fast-acting, hard surface cleaners had a surge last year, but are you still penetrating new customers? Maybe talk about it in terms of market penetration or customers that you're adding.
Christophe Beck: We are actually -- when you think about it, the fact that we have as many restaurants buying as many solutions as pre-pandemic today in a market which has seen units are declining by 15% during that time is a direct outcome of, first and foremost, Ecolab Science Certified, which is the circle the customer program since the customers had to buy all the solutions in order to be certified as such. So that's been a great story that's progressing very well and you've maybe seen that McDonald's as well for instance, has endorsed as well that that program as well as a corporate companies have great story here, which is driven penetration of units and solutions are really good. And you're right. So when we think about sanitizing products, we've refocused quite a bit over the last 18 months partly driven by the pandemic as well. All the surface sanitizers that we brought on the market are doing really well, by the way, and we still see a double-digit growth versus what we had pre-pandemic, which is a good sign, and we will keep innovating as well in that field. Like with disinfecting wipes, for instance, as well. So we've acquired two companies, one in the U.S., one in the U.K. in order to supply as well that market. So far so good on the innovation front and especially on the disinfecting side.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Kevin McVeigh with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin McVeigh: I wonder -- just a point of clarification. The 4% price increasing, is that across all of Ecolab or just the industrial business? And if it's across all, is it 75% industrial or just no way to frame out that 4% increase overall that you talked to?
Christophe Beck: Yes. Kevin, so 4% is for the whole company, and you will have more in industrial because that's where we bear the brunt of the cost increases as well. So you're going to have higher than 4% in industrial. And in the other businesses, you're going to have lower than four ultimately.
Kevin McVeigh: Got it. And then just within kind of the downstream business overall, as you're clearly repositioning that, any thoughts as to what percentage of the revenues refining today and then where that ultimately bottoms, and ultimately, you're going into kind of higher growth areas as well? Just at 100%, is there ways to think about those end markets just within the downstream business itself?
Christophe Beck: It's hard to tell, but I would say that we've reached the bottom. In the refining part of downstream right now, so petrochem has been doing well all along. So that's a different story, obviously, as such. So I think it's going to improve progressively as of now in downstream refining. But it's going to take us a year or zero to get to the right place where we can say we truly like the trajectory of that business. It's an industry that is in total transformation as well. The good news is that we are uniquely positioned to work with those companies to help them get the better place. I've had great discussions with some of the CEOs of those companies lately as well. They need us more than ever that's especially true with European companies, but also in the U.S. So longer term, I think it's going to be a very good opportunity for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you and good afternoon. You mentioned in the prepared comments in specialty in the food retail business that you were seeing sales reversion as expected, some of it, I think, coming just from less consumer demand, but also there were labor issues from a customer perspective. And one of those things seems temporal and the other one seems sort of a little bit more structural. So could you help us understand how to think about those trends on a go-forward basis?
Christophe Beck: Yes. Hi, Vincent. So, it's really because we're comparing to a strong Q2 in specialty last year. It's a business that's doing well actually. So it's a comparison question underlying. So I like a lot -- so where quick serve and food retail are heading, very strong businesses, very profitable and serving successful industries right now as well. So it's the comparison that's kind of a little bit so skewing the numbers, otherwise, underlying very good, and I see a future that's going to keep on what you've seen pre-pandemic as well with those two businesses.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And then just as a follow-up. I assume you're on track for the $120 million of cost savings you've targeted for this year and I think the total number overall eventually was going to be 365. Are those still the right numbers?
Christophe Beck: Yes, let me give that question to Dan. I was looking forward to a question as well there. So that's a perfect opportunity.
Dan Schmechel: Such a great question, so thank you. Yes, we remain very much on track to deliver our incremental $120 million year-on-year. And more broadly, maybe the A 2020 program, which has gone through a couple of iterations, we feel very good about the progress that we've made sequentially, and we'll continue to.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Schneeberger: So my first, I want to inquire about new business wins. A lot of the description today has been recovering markets, but we -- in the press release, a lot of highlighted new business wins, and that's across water, paper, sign certified, you talked about and even pest. Could you just elaborate a little bit on maybe where you're getting the most strength and what type of wins you're getting? Thanks.
Christophe Beck: Great question. Thank you, Scott. So new business, interestingly enough, is gaining traction in every end market. We thought that in some markets like the institutional markets over the past 18 months, it would have been way harder. Actually, it's one of the areas where we've made the most progress which is really good news. Industrial is doing really well in Healthcare as well as Life Science has always been great at it, which we see in the numbers as such, so a really good story. I would say one of the new emerging stories in your business is what many goals is this net zero, with many customers are trying to get closer to their sustainability ambitions, so water neutral, or water positive or carbon neutral, carbon positive. And those discussions with those forward looking companies interestingly enough, our strengthening our relationships with them because they need our help even more than before, and that's growing as well as our new business opportunities because they need our help in all the units around the world and need much more solutions as well from us in order to get closer to the net zero ambition. So that's one of the new drivers that we're seeing emerging, which is good for our company.
Scott Schneeberger: Great. And then I think a good follow-up to that would be just to ask specifically on data centers and animal health, some of your other emerging growth opportunities, just a progress report there. And any quantification on pace of growth or margin expansion?
Christophe Beck: Yes. So starting with data centers. As mentioned earlier, we've been growing I think, 53% in the second quarter. It's been a terrific story. It used to be part of our light water industries business. In the past, we've created a dedicated unit 12 or 18 months ago, which is really a division that's focused on data centers and microelectronics, by the way, the Intel of that world as well. And interestingly enough, its new expertise that we could build, its new offering that we could provide to those companies that are really interested in close to 100% uptime for all the reasons that we understand, our secure solutions as well from a digital technology perspective, they want to make sure that any access that we have with them is done in a totally secure way as well. And those are companies that are very sustainability-friendly as well. So they all want to get -- so close to the net zero as fast as they can, all that is really driving that business in a great way. Animal health is a complete different story. Obviously, as such, this is something that takes time as well. We've created a dedicated unit. We've made acquisitions as well in that field, underlying. I like where we're going. Q2 has been a bit subpar because we compare it to a very high Q2 in 2020, but that's a business that's going to be very interesting going forward for, at least one important reason that most of the farmers won't be or are not allowed to use antibiotics to protect the animals, and they need way more solutions in order to make sure that they are in a healthy environment in order not to get sick. And this is exactly what animal health is doing in our business. So, it's an evolving proposition, but that's clearly aligned with the longer-term trends that customers and consumers like you and I ultimately are expecting -- so from the food manufacturers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Rosemarie Morbelli: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about M&A. You have been making small acquisitions. Do you have an appetite for larger ones? And are there targets that you would be interested in?
Christophe Beck: So the short answer is, yes. We're interested in M&A and larger ones. We've done smaller ones over the past few months, as mentioned earlier, in the wipes area, which is a perfect complement to our offering in institutional, in healthcare and in industrial, and we couldn't produce that ourselves. We were manufacturing with other companies, and we've seen during the pandemic that, that could be a great business for us today and especially going forward. So we've done that as well. We've done animal health as well last year, as I just mentioned as well as to the previous question. And we've been extremely active on the M&A front over the last six months. We have a very rich pipeline. We have very serious discussions with many as well out there. But at the end of the day, we have this very disciplined line on what we do and what we don't do. And when I look at all the discussions that we've had so far, we didn't find the exact opportunity so right now. But I feel confident that in the future, so we will get to a bigger opportunity at the right time.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Can you share with us any particular area where you are more likely to make a larger acquisition?
Christophe Beck: So I can't go too much in detail, Rosemarie, for obvious reasons, but the core areas of water is interesting, so for us; life science, which is a very successful business serving a very large and high growth as well end market; and third, related to digital technology as well. So those are kind of three areas that are very interesting for us.
Rosemarie Morbelli: All right. And then, if I may, what is the size of your animal health business currently?
Christophe Beck: I'm not sure we've disclosed that so far
Rosemarie Morbelli: But you can do it now.
Christophe Beck: A few hundred million, let's put it that way, Rosmarie.
Rosemarie Morbelli: I'm sorry, did you say 200?
Christophe Beck: A few hundred.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Petrie: Christophe, it's Eric Petrie on for P.J. You noted you were gaining share in U.S. restaurants. I was wondering if you had a similar data point on lodging. And then in both restaurants and lodging, how does that compare in Europe and Asia?
Christophe Beck: So my comment was mostly focused on restaurants because it was a highly impacted area. I like the progress we make in hotels a lot as well. And mostly because of the offering that we provide them in terms of our automation is of an application of our solutions. You've heard about the staff shortages that they all have. I've had the chance to talk to a few CEOs as well, so lately from large hotel chains in the U.S. and abroad. And this is top of mind [indiscernible]. So the solutions that we have which are not new, those are things that we've been doing. So for many, many years are ultimately helping them clean quicker, which is something they really saw challenged with right now or in the dish room as well as to clean dishes in an easier way, passed away with less labor as well, the same on water, the same on housekeeping and so on. And those are solutions that are ultimately helping us sell new business in lodging. So good progress in lodging as we've seen as well in foodservice.
Eric Petrie: And just a follow-up then to clarify, would you say you're gaining share in restaurants in Europe and Asia as well? Or is that not settled out?
Christophe Beck: We have less numbers over there, and to be honest, so those markets are reopening right now. So we've gained new business. We have to see how it looks in practice then afterwards. So I think that in the months and quarters to come, I will be in a better position to really share whether we've gained, which I believe we will, but I want to have the facts first or not.
Eric Petrie: Okay. And second from my follow-up question. How much were your sanitizer and hard surface cleaners sales down in the quarter? And what do you expect in terms of moderation for second half?
Christophe Beck: So sanitizing sales were -- so just to put in perspective, it's 10% of our overall sales for the Company. We had significant growth last year and we expect to be lower than last year overall. So, we don't disclose all the detailed numbers, but quite a bit higher than 2019. And that's probably the way you need to think about that, so lower than the peak of the pandemic, thank god, but higher than 2019 because practices have changed in most end markets and countries.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Laurence Alexander: Just a quick one to follow up on the discussion earlier of the shifts away from some of the lower margin businesses like refining. If you look at the moves you've done over the last couple of years, can you give a rough sense for how much sales you've moved away from sort of some of the out-of-favor business segments over the last couple of years? And how much stronger your sales line would have been if you hadn't done that, calling up the mix?
Christophe Beck: It's a great question, Laurence, but I have no idea because it's something that we're doing all along in every business. The focus is really to move up the chain, move up the margins. It can't be driven only by pricing. It needs to be because we are focusing on the higher-margin segments, higher-margin offering as well. So, its continuous work, where in some areas, it's more extreme, like the coal, as mentioned before, or refining in downstream that are more significant. But I couldn't put a number exactly on that because it's a continuous process.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Christophe, I want to ask you a little bit about how the Company is leveraging the technology investments as it approaches the C level of an organization in terms of their sustainability. So my understanding is this is enabling Ecolab to start discussions with the C-suite as opposed to starting discussions more at the plant level. And I'm wondering, how are those discussions progressing? Is there an increased pace? Are you seeing a large potential for you to accelerate or an incremental potential for you to accelerate Ecolab's revenue growth by being able to sell further up the chain within the organizations?
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Shlomo. This is a great topic. I'd love to have more time to zero in on that, but maybe so two quick answers, the what and the how. First, on the what, we have always more customers. It's not new, but it's clearly accelerating. So customers that are asking us to partner with us in order to find a path in order to get to net zero or positive water or carbon, Microsoft being one of the obvious ones. And it's not a secret since they've been expressing that on CNN over the past year or so. So in order to get there, you need to have digital technology because you need to understand to make it easy to recycle water, which is a physical product. We need to understand in real time the quality of the water or like thereof actually, which indicates what kind of chemistry we need or what kind of technology is required in order to bring it back to the standard level that's being used in a data center or in a food plant as such. This is a direct application of our digital technology. And second is the how. Since we are serving thousands of locations out there in the world, we are uniquely placed to know, what's world-class performance that can be achieved? Take a brewery, for instance, how much water per hectoliter of beer that's being produced. Well, we can compare within a company, a brewing company, how does the performance of the individual plants compared to the best-in-class. We can compare across brewers as well. We can compare across industries as well as a company as well. So we can provide customers with good benchmark of what good looks like; and second, how to get there as well. That's all enabled by digital technology that we've been building, developing and implementing, so over the last 10, 20 years around the world.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. And so is there, I guess, just to keep that going, so is there -- do you see a potential for that to really incrementally improve the revenue growth of the business because you're able to sell at these higher levels, so that obviously, you bring the capabilities that other companies can bring to the table?
Christophe Beck: Yes, absolutely. So what you saw with data centers, so the growth of 53% is directly driven by that. And where light as well, which has been growing 7% as well in the quarter is also driven by that kind of solutions. So early indications are positive and the more we can implement that across the end market the more it's going to help us as well as a company.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay, great. If you don't mind my sneaking in one more. Just the areas that are completely open now in terms of restaurants, let's say, taking the Florida or Texas, how does the chemical usage compare to what it was pre-COVID? What are the levels in the restaurants that more customers before and there are still customers?
Christophe Beck: It's still lower today, Shlomo, because in the dining rooms are, as mentioned before, so in Q2, it was 37% down so versus pre-pandemic as such, which means that the usage of cleaning and sanitizing solutions has been lower as well. But as dine-in is going up, so the demand is going up as well at the same time. So, the fact that we have the same number of units buying the same number of solutions today ultimately is a good sign as well as compound growth when dine-in is going to pick up as well in the weeks and months to come.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, there are no further questions at this time. And I would like to turn the floor back over to management for closing remarks.
Mike Monahan: Thanks, everyone. That wraps up our second quarter conference call. This call and the associated discussion and slides will be available for replay on our website. Thanks very much for your participation today, and have a great rest of the day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-27 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Ecolabs First Quarter 2021 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. Its now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mike Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Thank you, Mr. Monahan, you may now begin.
Mike Monahan: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolabs first quarter conference call. With me today are Christophe Beck, Ecolabs CEO; and Dan Schmechel, our CFO. A discussion of our results, along with our earnings release and the slides referencing the quarters results are available on Ecolabs website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements in these materials, which state that this teleconference and the associated supplemental materials include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described under the Risk Factors section in our most recent Form 10-K and in our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with a brief overview, the first quarter showed continued sequential business improvement that was offset by the Texas freeze. Adjusted EPS were $0.81. That EPS included the impact of short-term supply chain and customer disruption from the freeze that were estimated to be $0.10 per share. Healthcare and Life Sciences segment showed further strong sales growth. The Industrial segment experienced a modest sales decline as its growth was offset by the freeze impact. The Other segment significantly narrowed its sales declined from the fourth quarter and the Institutional and Specialty segments sales declined narrowed slightly from the fourth quarter as sales trends within our U.S. institutional business improved through the end of the first quarter. Our markets are broadly improving and increasing rate of vaccination along with the easing of social restrictions provides further support for the global economic recovery. We expect that broad improvement leveraged by our investments and the work we have done to further our critical innovation, service and digital business drivers, as well as our cost efficiency measures will help drive strong comparison against 2020 results over the balance of the year and results in 2021 adjusted earnings per share that exceed 2019 adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations, excluding the estimated $0.15 per share impact from the Texas freeze. Over the past year, weve seen the value of Ecolabs premium product and service expertise, once again, underscored through continued strong new business growth, as well as our strengthened customer relationships, despite the difficult market conditions. Our position as leader in food safety, clean water and healthy environments has become even more important. We believe this position along with our strong long-term growth opportunities remain robust driven by our huge remaining market opportunity, our leading global market positions, our focus on providing our strong customer base with improved results, while lowering their water, energy and other operating costs and through that, our ability to help them meet their growing ESG ambition. We believe these sustainable long-term business drivers will continue to yield superior long-term performance for Ecolab and our investors. Now heres Christophe Beck with his comment.
Christophe Beck: Thank you so much, Mike, and good afternoon, everyone. Im very pleased with our first quarter, which was right in line with our expectations. Excluding the Texas freeze, which we discussed earlier our business continued to show solid fundamental improvement that gives us confidence in our full year outlook. Our underlying business momentum, as well as margin development gets improving across the board leading to strong results in the first quarter. Excluding the short-term impact of the Texas freeze our Q1 adjusted EPS showed a significantly narrowing decline versus the prior year continuing our improving quarterly trends. Its also ahead of what we delivered in Q1 2019, which is a good indication for our expected full year delivery. We did all this, while continuing to invest in our major growth initiatives and in our global team capabilities to leverage our position as the markets reopen. Excluding the freeze, all segments stayed strong or showed continued sequential improvement. Our fundamental business strength get gaining momentum, especially in our Institutional division, which saw definitive pick up as we exited March. Our Industrial segment, which was most impacted by Texas freeze delivered improved underlying growth trends versus the fourth quarter of 2020, and continued to further strengthen its margin. Healthcare and life sciences maintained their strong double digit growth and solid margin improvement. This good start strengthens our confidence for the full year and beyond. Our general market outlook remains largely unchanged versus what we said in previous calls. North America and China moving ahead of our previous expectations, while Europe and several emerging markets remained behind as they recover from extended lockdowns and are still impacted by a rather slow pace of vaccination. So the exact timing of the global reopenings might shift a few months, which might also shift some of the recovery into Q3. We expect strong growth in the second quarter, driven by improving end markets and accelerated underlying growth momentum. We expect these trends to continue in the second half of the year. Our objective has been to start the year in a position of strength and Q1 shows, we clearly achieved this. Our net new business pipeline increased to record highs and our global market shares are strengthening. Our differentiated innovations are continuing to help our customers protect their consumers and our world-class programs help them preserve vital natural resources, while generating very attractive financial returns. And with our new Ecolab Science Certified Assurance program, we have become the brand that reaches customers and consumers in time they needed their most. All this underscores our confidence that we are on a path to deliver full year 2021 adjusted EPS ahead of 2019 EPS, excluding the estimated $0.15 impact of that Texas freeze. Looking beyond the pandemic, our long-term position is better than ever in a world where hygiene standards are rising, where food safety and infection risk awareness has reached new levels, where the expected gap between water supply and water demand is what it had never. Our differentiated value proposition as a global leader in water, hygiene and infection prevention services, and technologies positions us uniquely to capture these accelerating growth trends. The combination of this unmatched value proposition and the breadth of our comprehensive offering makes us the obvious partner for global companies to help them deliver on their most ambitious sustainability commitments. Our ability to serve customers at 3 million locations in 132 countries with 25,000 dedicated underground experts in 40 industries allows us to deliver the same standards of quality and performance anywhere around the world. And our new business pipeline, breakthrough innovation, unmatched digital footprint, world-class scientific expertise and passion for exceptional execution, we continue to lead to sustain growth momentum and continued double digit earnings growth for the years to come. I look forward to your question. So Mike, back to you.
Mike Monahan: Thank you. That concludes our formal remarks. As a final note, before we begin Q&A, we plan to hold our 2021 Investor Day on Thursday, September 16 at St. Paul. Operator, would you please begin the question-and-answer period?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question will be coming from the line of Tim Mulrooney with William Blair. Please proceed with your questions.
Tim Mulrooney: Good afternoon.
Christophe Beck: Good afternoon, Tim.
Tim Mulrooney: Hi, Christophe. I know everyones expecting a strong recovery in the Institutional segment in the second quarter, particularly given the easy comparison that you have with last year. But Im curious if you could maybe talk about how the recovery in that segment is unfolding on a global basis. How is U.S. institutional performing recently relative to some of your other major global markets? And how do you see that playing out through the second quarter?
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Tim. So on institutional, net-net its happening as expected. We had the U.S. and China ahead of our expectations as we can read as well in the news. And on the other hand, so we have Europe and a few emerging markets that are behind as we can see with restrictions, with lockdowns, with the slow pace of vaccinations, especially in Europe as well. So thats the balance that we are trying to manage. When I think about how institutional did during the first quarter. We saw a nice pickup in March, its being confirmed in April right now in the second quarter. So net-net Q2 should be more or less as expected if there is one caveat might be so the timing of reopening in Europe and some of the emerging markets that might shift some of that growth in Q3. But for the full year, I confirm the outlook the way we described it in the previous call.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. Thats great. Thanks. And as my follow-up, can you just talk about within the Institutional segment how your customers, that are open, how theyre spending? I know this has been a common theme that folks have asked on a conference call but curious on your updated thoughts. Are customers spending more than they were relative to pre-COVID levels on things like hard and soft surface cleaners, where I know that theres maybe some elevated demand. And do you think eventually that demand returns to pre-COVID levels? Or do you think that it settled somewhere above pre-COVID levels given the emphasis on virus protection and the like. Thank you.
Christophe Beck: Good question, Tim. So our focus as you know is on our corporate accounts, so those are chain customers. Regional or global customers those are the ones who have weathered the pandemic better than others as well. Most of them are investing in new units or in the refreshing of current units as well, which bodes very well for our business for today and for tomorrow. To your question on the hygiene products, basically the way we think about it is that its going to be a bit less than during the pandemic where the measures obviously are going to be a little bit less strong than what wed experienced over the past 15 months. But its going to be higher than what wed experienced to pre-pandemic as well. So net-net, we think that our position in institutional has strengthened and the customers that we serve are going to be in a better position as well.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Manav Patnaik: Yes. Thank you. Good afternoon. I just wanted to attach on your comments around Europe, if you could just elaborate a bit more in terms of  I know pre-pandemic, it was structurally I guess, just a little growth area and there was some competitive dynamics. So I was just curious if you see any of that changing, once we do get this inbound or reopening.
Christophe Beck: Hi, Manav. So to your on Europe, so Europe had a good year last year. So in 2020 we had flat sales overall. We had our profit margins that went up as well. So overall I was very pleased with the business development that we saw in that critical region for us. And if I look at 2021, its kind of an on/off approach that they are having. So first Id like to put on the side to the UK, which was partly reopen, as we know, so way ahead in terms of vaccinations versus continental Europe. So UK, we saw a good development over there, continental Europe, so most of the countries are in complete lockdown, so most of the large countries have curfews even as well as thats true for Germany and for France for instance as well. So most, if not all of the restaurants and hotels are for the most part closed, which is something thats going to change hopefully before the summer. Theyre all talking about reopening in order to protect the summer season. I hope that thats going to be true. Its going to be a bit later than what I had expected ultimately here, but then its going to drive a rebound which is going to be positive in Q3. So, as I mentioned before, we might have some of the growth we were expecting in Q2 shifting to Q3. But all in all, so for the full year, its going to be similar than what we had thought.
Manav Patnaik: Okay, got it. And then the other question I just had Christophe was on water. I know it was 3% growth backing out the Texas freeze. But just given just the water scarcity issues out there, I was just curious, can water grow just like life sciences and healthcare is growing just given the need out there? Or are there any limitations to get to that kind of growth rate?
Christophe Beck: Yes. For water, so you mentioned it was 3% ex the Texas freeze, its important as well to keep in mind that within water you have light industries, heavy industries both are growing ex-Texas in mid-single plus which is very good in Q1 and you have mining, which is still in the negative territory since we exited some of our coal business. But even mining is going to come back in a nice way, I think in the next few quarters and years for sure. And to your point on water scarcity, we see always more customers are coming to us and asking us how to help them reach their net zero objective that they have for 2030 or for 2050, which is right in line with our ESG promise as the company and offering our customers. And thats going to feed as well. I think the momentum, so for water in the years to come.
Manav Patnaik: All right. Thank you very much.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Manav.
Operator: The next question is from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Christophe, can you discuss the pressure from raws you are seeing and the pricing you need right now to offset that and when that might equalize prices versus raws?
Christophe Beck: Yes. Hi, David. On the raws it was pretty benign in Q1, as weve shared, but if we look at the full year, if we look at the indices that you read to its obviously much more than what we had expected initially. But when I step back and look at the overall picture, its roughly kind of mid-single gross in terms of cost for our overall raws spend, which is more than what we had expected, but something that we had experienced in the past as well. We know and we have the capability to price for that in a good way. That we price to over customers based on value that we create as well. So for them, which means that we do that as well over time, its not a rapid shift over a month, take it some time. And just as a reminder, we tried to get the dollar value, so within 12 months back and the margin percent, so in 24 months, so the second year or so. The way we look at it today for 2021 might be a slight net negative. But Im not even sure about that, our teams are good in doing it, and what were seeing right now is nothing exceptional versus what weve experienced in the past.
David Begleiter: No, very good. And can you just discuss the competitive intensity in the marketplace. You have  one of your competitors is now public. Talk about your share gains you saw in Q1 and what you expect as you go through the year versus perhaps to do a more public profile to competitor.
Christophe Beck: So Im really happy with the share gains that we have in most, if not all businesses actually where we tracking the number of units that we are serving, the number of solutions that we serve in to existing, you need as well. And weve talked about that over the past few quarters that was an objective for the whole team during the pandemic to gain share that when it reopens, we can leverage obviously that pick up and thats happening as we expected, which is really good. And youre right, so one of our competitors has become public over the past few weeks. Were very familiar with them. Weve been competing with them for many, many years. We respect them a lot as well. And I would say they make us better because we need to be better than them. And when you think about it we overlap in a - less than a third of our end markets. Were 5x larger, we invest 10x times more in R&D and digital than they do as well. So I feel really good about what we can do for our customers and how are we gaining shares versus them on the marketplace.
David Begleiter: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with G. Research. Please proceed with your question.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone.
Christophe Beck: Good afternoon, Rosemarie.
Rosemarie Morbelli: So Christophe, what would be the likelihood that you could be close to the 2019 level of [indiscernible] including the hit from the freeze and outside of Europe recovering? Or do you need Europe to open its doors to all Americans vaccinated and we are all going there in order to help you guys? What do you need in order to do better than what you are looking at currently?
Christophe Beck: So right now, I feel very good about delivering these 2019 adjusted EPS, excluding the Texas freeze as you mentioned. The Q1 delivery saw  has increased our confidence to deliver that. As mentioned before, there might be some shift between Q2 and Q3 because of the timing of reopening in Europe, as you mentioned. But overall with everything I know right now, I think that the delivery as we described it is the right target. If things improve in Europe better than the old thing, well, we will definitely try to gain more momentum. But for now I think that the 2019 EPS deliveries would be a good target excluding Texas.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Okay. Thanks. And then looking at SMB, could you talk a little bit a more details of the different segments or areas in that particular segment?
Christophe Beck: The SMB had a good year. Last year, its one of our best businesses as you know, so good growth, good margin, good margin improvement. The all industrial and segment obviously did as well. SMB had a strong start in 2020 when the pantry loading, so was happening in the first quarter and a little bit beyond as well. So we have some compare reasons challenges right now, but underlying, I feel good about where SMB is going. Its a little bit different by end market. So we had the milk products that were impacted for a while because of schools being closed. Thats improving progressively, so which is good. We see beverage and brews beers improving in some places, especially in the U.S. but very strong in Latin America where everything is closed. So thats going to be good for the future. Thats a little bit less good right now. And in the food segment thats where we have strong comparisons versus the previous year where pressures a little bit for the year-on-year comparison. But net-net, the Q1 fees a bit softer because of the comparison, but underlying, and especially when I look at the new business being generated in SMB, the next few quarters are going to show some good delivery as it used to be as well in the past.
Rosemarie Morbelli: All right. Thank you.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Rosemarie.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gary Bisbee with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Gary Bisbee: Hey guys. Good afternoon. I guess the first question, can you just give us an update on where we are with the cost savings programs? Sort of what have you achieved to date? Whats likely to be achieved in 2021? And then how much savings are left from those big programs for beyond 2021? Thank you.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Gary. Ill pass it to Dan, who has the details. But generally, the progress that weve made in our cost savings program, which are all meant to strengthen our performance, post-pandemic as well. So if anything, things have progressed better than we had expected. But with that, Dan, maybe some more detail.
Dan Schmechel: Sure. Gary, thank you. Just for common reference, maybe its probably helpful again, to build up the pieces of our cost savings program, which youll recall was originally announced back in 2018 has accelerated 2020. This was the initiative to capture new investments in our digital offering with a $200 million cost savings target. We expanded it at the time we announced the ChampionX then covered things like spend, cost and anticipated costs related to ChampionX. We expanded it again to cover some aspects of high chain industrial business, and most recently to cover some restructuring, really some reshaping maybe of our institutional business to improve principally field delivery. So you add all that up and we have a targeted cost savings of about $365 million. Some of that is in gross margin. The big bulk of it is in SG&A. Year-on-year the incremental piece that we expect to capture in 2021 is in the neighborhood if you look just at the SG&A piece $120 million, so thats a big help in 2021. Id remind you theres a lot of  $91 million, Im sorry. Theres a big piece that is after  the net of it is that we think that this entire program will essentially be delivered by the end of 2021 and therell be pieces of the institutional program thats built to 2022, but the bulk of it will be fully accrued and fully delivered by the end of 2021.
Gary Bisbee: Okay, great. Thanks. And then the follow-up question, just, how are you thinking about multi-year growth beyond 2021 as we get more normal performance for the business post-pandemic. Historically youd laid out a number of long-term aspirational targets. Should we think back to those as appropriate? Or just can you give us a sense how youre thinking about the multi-year?
Christophe Beck: Gary, just to make sure I understand your question. So you mean in terms of sales growth and earnings growth, right?
Gary Bisbee: Thats right. Yes. So I know this years got easy comps and theres a lot of moving parts, but over the next two, three, four years, are those normal targets still reasonable? Thank you.
Christophe Beck: Yes. Our ambition, Gary has not changed, so the 6% to 8% organic, the 13% to 15% EPS that has been true for many, many years, and its not going to change in the future. If anything, our position has strengthened out there, when you think about the rise of hygiene standards did the search for most companies to improve their profile in terms of ESG delivery, net zero in water consumption. So being one of them the need for digital solutions as well. So those are all things that are improving, our position so going forward, so no change in terms of growth expectations for the future. If anything, our position has as improved.
Gary Bisbee: Great. Thank you.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Gary.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
John McNulty: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. In the Institutional business specifically, can you speak to the number of accounts that you serve this quarter versus the prior quarter? And how that may have changed? And then I guess to that are starting to see any early signs of new account or I guess, potential customer launches at this point? Or is it a little bit early given where we are in the pandemic kind of stages at this point?
Christophe Beck: Good question, John. We dont share the exact number of accounts or solutions per accounts that were tracking on a monthly basis for a long time, actually feel competitive reasons for the most part. But what I can say is that the number of accounts are keep going up which is good month after month, which is giving us confidence obviously for the growth of our business going forward because we talked to grow without having more customers buying by programs from us. So more accounts, buying more solutions, and one thing Id like to add as well is the Ecolab Science Certified program that weve launched a year plus ago in institutional requires customers to buy most of our solutions in order to qualify for this certification. And this is driving as well, penetration of solutions in a good way, and its helping as well with the retention as well going forward. So not only are we gaining number of accounts and solutions, but we are keeping them as well longer because customers are interested in keeping the certification at the same time.
John McNulty: Got it. And is there a way to think about on the Ecolab Science Certified program, the difference in total value that youre getting from a specific customer verse one thats not tied into the program if theres  looking at like a like-for-like customer, obviously.
Christophe Beck: So it depends obviously where theyre starting from, if they just bought one solution the gap is way bigger and the opportunity is much bigger. In some cases with some of our long-term customers, while theyre buying everything from us everywhere around the world in that case, the opportunity is much smaller. But when I think about it, Ecolab Science Certified was a program, we did not plan to launch pre-pandemic that came as an outcome of the pandemic where we really recognized that our customers needed some help in order to make sure they could protect their guests. And at the same time guests coming into a hotel or in a restaurant, all looking for more reassurance and thats going to be trouble for the quarters to come. So were measuring as well. So the number of locations that are certified by Ecolab Science Certified, its pretty large. Actually were not disclosing that number, but its by far the number one program in the U.S. Right now its generating incremental sales, which is pretty significant as well as at the same time and as you know were supporting that as well as a brand in the media, which gets always more recognized by consumers or guests as we call them in that industry. So all in all, this is really good to grow our market share in institutional.
John McNulty: Got it. Thanks very much for the color.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, John.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of John Roberts with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
John Roberts: Thank you. Does it matter that COVID, isnt significantly transmitted on surfaces or it doesnt matter because cleaning theater is more important.
Christophe Beck: Infections can be transmitted journey in so many different ways. As we know, it can be the air. It can be what you eat. It can be what you touch. It can be what you drink, the hands that you shaking, obviously, so its true that COVID is mostly transferred through the air. But many other illnesses are transmitted so through surfaces or human contact as such. And when I think about infection prevention, well, short-term, we all think COVID-19, but mid to longer-term, we think about any infection that could happen out there and surfaces like human contact are a big vector, as we know. One example is that, in hospitals, the number one vector of infection is through hands as well, not for COVID, but for many other infections as well. So overall, making sure that you reduce the number of infection in a public setting done, well, you need to have surfaces of infected as you can.
John Roberts: Okay. Good answer. And healthcare was 5% excluding one-time sales and 12% including, could you talk about that difference?
Christophe Beck: The main difference  first of all, Id like to say, so Healthcare used to have underlying sales of 3%, 4% before pre-pandemic getting towards these underlying so 5% plus is a good step up and youve seen the margins went up as well in a good way, which is all very encouraging for this business. Now, the difference between the 5% and the 12% is solely driven by significant in deals that weve made with some governments around the world during the pandemic to address, obviously, the infection risks in the UK, in Germany, in Australia, in New Zealand, in many countries around the world. This is COVID-19 related. So its stapling-off right now. So you start the compares as well against very high growth last year. And that business is going to be reduced. We knew that. And then we get back to the underlying growth of these 5%, as you think.
John Roberts: Right. Thank you.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, John.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you. Dan, can I just ask you about the working capital and how youre thinking about free cash flow this year? Just noticing inventory was up about $100 million, $120 million in the quarter versus last year, even though sales were down, I think you mentioned in the prepared remarks that youre building inventory ahead of the recovery, but just how should we expect working capital to trend overall? And then ultimately what thats going to translate into free cash?
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Vincent. Ill pass it to Dan to just in a second. Youve mentioned it right. So on one hand, were very happy with the cash flow delivery in the first quarter. And on the working capital piece, its really, so for us, we want to make sure that we can produce enough product for the reopening. Thats happening in the various states and markets around the world. And that has an impact of busy on working capital. But with that, Dan, can you add some comments on that.
Dan Schmechel: Thank you, Christophe. And that might be the answer to the core of your question. And so inventory, look, internally, weve been very clear that the mistake that we are not going to make is not going to have product  the right product in the right place to serve our customers as their path to reopening accelerates. Okay, so youre right. We built significant inventory versus the same time last year also versus year end 2020. And my guess is that we will continue to, because well have the right stuff where we end our customers both need it. If you think about the recovery of the business, generally, rebuilding the balance sheet means that there will be some pull on inventory, accounts receivable too, which are in very good shape from a payment perspective, but as people buy more stuff, well have more on the balance sheet in accounts receivable. Well continue to manage our vendors and what we purchased with the appropriate discipline. But therell be an investment in working capital as the business rebuilds, which is the expected and completely appropriate. The net though of our cash flow delivery for the full year, even including the higher level of CapEx that we will continue to invest in the business in 2021, our cash flow will continue to be bigger. And also it will be, if you think about the metric that matters most to me in terms of conversion, it will continue to be in the mid-90% range, which I think is a very good number for the company and for the model. Okay.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. Thank you. And maybe Christophe, any comments on where you are with sort of the bolt-on M&A pipeline.
Christophe Beck: With the M&A pipeline, thats always a difficult question. Obviously, we have a very rich pipeline. Weve been working quite a bit during COVID. Weve done less transaction for the obvious reasons. But weve done a lot of strategic work. Weve built a lot of relationships. So with targets we have out there. So I feel good about the pipeline we have. I want to absolutely invest in places that are driving higher growth and higher margins and making sure that we can do that that valuation that are good for us and for shareholders. So I feel good its about to come.
Vincent Andrews: Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your questions.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much. Good afternoon. And this with regard to the Texas freeze, it looks like that lost revenue came in a high decremental margin, if my numbers are correct. Could you please elaborate on just how that impacted? And now that were near the end of April, have you seen the full $0.15 impact? Or is this going to drag on through the fall on, through the second quarter, possibly third, just curious what type of lag there is occurring? Thanks.
Christophe Beck: Yes, Scott. So the Texas freeze, we expected this $0.15, which seems to be the right number as we speak, $0.10 have impacted Q1, as we communicated and we expect the remaining $0.05 to impact Q2. We see things really moving behind us, its not the perfect science, as you can imagine. So what froze, what was closed, when it reopened? This is something that we cant control as such, but what I like is that things already saw backing up operations. Thats true for our customers. Its true for us and our suppliers as well. The only issue we had was backing mostly March and April, which was obviously across two quarters. But $0.15 is the total number, $0.10 in Q1, $0.05 in Q2. Its happening as expected.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks, Christophe. And then peers of yours in the industrial segment, where if I backed that out the weather impact, very elevated margins. And just curious, what incremental upside do you see in the segment going forward? It looks very strong since the onset of the pandemic and shrinking? Thanks.
Christophe Beck: Youre right that the knowledge in working industrials has been remarkable. Over the both few years, it was over 300 basis points in 2020, while it stays were slightly declining. As you know, so in Q1, Ex-Texas, that was also a double-digit operating increase, which was good as well. And going forward, I believe thats a winning business. There will be times with raw materials and pricing where quarter-over-quarter things so might lag a little bit. But generally margins will continue to improve in industrial, especially, because the value that we provide to our customers is unmatched. As mentioned before most of the customers are coming to us, especially, so in our water business is to help them reach the ESG commitments that theyve made for 2030 or 2050. Well, theres no one else that can truly help them as we can. This is something that is driving growth and each driving margins as well for us, because they need better technology which is where we invest most in research as well. Thats where we had the highest margin. So its good growth driven by good natural feedback, which is driving as well, our margin. So the short answer to your question margins in industrial are going to keep improving.
Scott Schneeberger: Right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Laurence Alexander: Good afternoon. Just following up on the margin discussion and the price versus loss, as you look at 2022, 2023, should margin speak for the entire firm, be hitting a new high.
Christophe Beck: Its a great question. So its hard for us to know exactly how its going to be in 2021. So knowing 2022 and 2023, so well be even hotter. The way we drive pricing is really so driven by the value that we create for like estimates. In other words, how much savings we have them deliver on a year. They invest 10% in our services and they get all 20% or plus back as a return. This is the way we price. Its basically  so sharing how much value we create so far like estimates. Obviously, when there are raw material increases like  well be experiencing the next quarters and probably years to come. Well, we add that to the equation. Weve been quite successful over the past few years in doing that. Thats been one of the reasons why margins have improved so well over the past few years, and especially as well last year. So I dont know how roles are going to be in 2022 and 2023 that I know that our pricing is going to keep being into 1% to 2% plus range, depending on how the raw materials are market, but its never going to go down. So all-all its going to be up in price and its going to be driving margins up as well over the long-term.
Laurence Alexander: And then are there any end markets where you have been surprised at the elasticity of demand and where youre seeing a clear trade-off between pricing and organic growth?
Christophe Beck: You mean in a negative manner?
Laurence Alexander: Just  I mean, has anything changed in your framework over the course of the COVID related disruptions. Have you learned anything new about kind of the end market behavior where youre like, okay, that was not expected?
Christophe Beck: No, if anything, its more interest on one hand, its all driven by this increased trends of ESG have sustainability commitment. So what we do for customers becomes even more critical and customers are ready to invest more in order to get more return from a financial perspective, but also from a image perspective, because theyve made commitments as well out there. But on the other hand, its also in times where performance  cost performance becomes more important. Think about some of the end markets are economically challenged, right now. Well, our solutions as you or handy for those customers because it has some improved the cost competiveness which is you can do the same work, the same outcome, a better outcome was much labor or creating less ways. So using that natural resources as well, so its a good sign that should sell. On both sides for customers in most segments, well, they need more of what we do in order to reduce the impact on the environment and why they do so they reduce that cost as well, which is even more important than difficult economic time. So in terms of the specific end markets in both cases. This is a good story for us.
Laurence Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Andrew Wittmann from Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your questions.
Andrew Wittmann: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Youve had a couple of questions on margins. I wanted to do another one. You had the one on the industrial segment. You had the consolidated margin question. But I had a, kind of a two-part question here on the healthcare segment, to start out with, obviously, here, you talked about some of the large governmental orders and other things that probably helped your fixed costs leverage in that segment over the past 12 months, I was just wondering as those comparisons are now stiffer and the business starts to normalize above historical levels, but it starts to normalize last year, at least if you think that some of the fixed cost leverage goes away, if thats the appropriate way of thinking about that segment margins in the 12 months ahead. And then secondarily just maybe a little bit more detail on the institutional segment margins obviously the volume declines or significance, I dont make sense whats happened to the margin so far but on the way back up with the cost reductions programs that youve put in place, do you think that when the revenue level back  gets back to 2019 levels, is there any reason to think that the margins would be any different in that business than they were pre-COVID? Just recognizing that the customer base is probably going to be somewhat changed, maybe not your so much to the national accounts, but a lot of changes to hospitality and food service stuff, I want to get your thoughts on that. Sorry for the long question.
Christophe Beck: No, thats good. Thank you, Andy. Maybe starting with healthcare, very different dynamic of business, I mean, in institutional, so in healthcare, first of all, very pleased with the underlying growth performance. So moving towards these 5%, which was an objective for a long time, its taken us so many years to get there and COVID has helped because the infection prevention awareness of customers and patients in that days has gone up very clearly during COVID-19 which is good. So underlying growth solid in healthcare and thats here to state. Second on margins, very good improvement last year, in some cases had partly with the one-off those government deeds that we talked about earlier, but I feel really good that margin is going to keep improving in 2021 and in the future as well. So this is here to stay. So good story in healthcare and for me, thats not the end of the story. Its really up to us to improve it further, thats on healthcare. Institutional saw very different story, especially, so coming out of 2020, which is the business thats being impacted the most in our company, the 90% plus of the COVID impact at Ecolab was on institutional division, as we all know, which is 20% of our overall company as such. So when I think about the margins, I would say two things, Andy, the first one is every quarter, its going to improve and were going to get a lot back from what we lost in 2020. And well get close to where we were in 2019 pre-pandemic. So probably not that the end of this year, but early in 2022. And the second part of your question, so post pandemic, if I can call it that way, well, weve invested in our organizational development/restructure. Weve invested as well in field technology, thats going to help as well, the performance. So if anything, the margins of institutional over the mid-term that should improve versus what we have seen pre-pandemic.
Andrew Wittmann: Thank you very much. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel. Please proceed with your questions. Mr. Rosenbaum, your line is live. Please shoot your question.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Sorry. Christophe, maybe you could talk a little bit about the discussion used to be before the pandemic, a lot more about the investments that were being made in digital solutions. I know the company didnt want to pull back on investments through the pandemic. Can you about what has happened over the last year, where there have been areas of adoption that have been accelerated because of the pandemic and where there might be areas of lag?
Christophe Beck: Great question. Thank you. Shlomo. Digital has been an important party for us for many, many years. It started 30 years ago. Actually, whats called differently, obviously, back then that was true when we did  so we moved monitoring of pool on falling institutional, and that was especially true. So we have 3D trays for industrial water business as well. And if I fast forward, ultimately, so for 2020 things that accelerated, because in many instances we could not go to estimate locations for obvious reasons, so related to COVID, so customers and our teams have embraced digital solutions even more than before. Keep in mind as well, that we invested over the past, high figures, over a $150 million a year in digital. So we were ready for that moment during the pandemic, that was more luck than genius, obviously as such, but it became very handy as well as such. So when I think about the three main drivers for us in digital, I think the first one is to drive customer value. So its subscriptions, its a regional prevention programs, for instance, as well. They all driven by digital technology. We said that technology, this is growing very nicely. The second one is our field solutions in order to improve the productivity and the value created by our 25,000 people around the world. Institutional, as rolled out everywhere around the world, then you platform during COVID and thats going to help us as well. So if a post pandemic, thats what I just answered as well before, which is one of the reasons why our performance in institution will improve. And the last pillar is the customer experienced e-commerce for instance, that has gaining  that has gained traction in 2020 also because of the remote nature of the customer relationship that we had in during the pandemic. So on all three fronts good progress in 2020. And when I looked at the progress we making in digital in 2021, our digital enabled say adopt roughly $1.5 billion and growing double digit as we speak. So a very good story, all in all.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay, great. If I could follow-up, is there any progress to note in when the new verticals was going to be kind of the data center area? Is there anything to a report on that over the last year or quarters?
Christophe Beck: Well, its been a great story. Because weve all ended up working remotely on whatever is your system of preference, Webex, Teams, Zoom and so on, remote monitoring of applications as well or plans, its an industry that has been booming. As you can see, as well as, so from the numbers from the tech industry that we serve, really last year which was also pre-pandemic, we created global data centers as a dedicated business which came luckily enough. So very, Andy, so for the pandemic and since then, this business has been growing strong double digit operating income improvement, very strong as well. And interesting enough, so the customers that we serve, which all the tech companies the ones that are owning those data centers operations. At the same time, it have made big commitments in terms of water and carbon savings. Well, this is the work we do for them because thats ultimately where they use the water or emit CO2 because of the energy that they need to use for the computers as such, which has brought them back to us, youve heard from Microsoft as well. Theyve shared it openly, publicly. So its not a secret that theyve committed for the net zero water by 2030. And thats the plan that weve developed with them. Thats all driving the growth in that new vertical, which is very promising.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please proceed youre your question.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. When you think about the restaurant and hotel business going forward, is the restaurant has future going to be different than the restaurant in the past and the hotel of the future, that is, there may be distancing rules. There may be other factors. Does the Ecolab institutional business go back to where it was in 2019 in a normal environment? Or does it go to a different place? Is it better? Is it worse?
Christophe Beck: Its a great question and a fundamental question. And its not going to go back to where it was in 2019. I think its going to be better. If I think about our end markets, its not going to be true for every one for the independence. Its going to be  its been difficult obviously, if I can give it to restaurants during the pandemic financially, so to survive, those ones had more hardship than the chain customers, which is the vast majority of our business. So corporate accounts customers, as we call them more of change, other who have well survived, the ones with invested in the operations and the one who are expanding as well in terms of units. This is all we serve first and foremost. So thats a good situation to be in for us. Then to do question on the restaurant or the hotel of the future, to exactly know how its going to be either hard to tell, but if few things we know. On the one hand, so the hygiene standards expected by the guests will be up versus 2019. Its going to be a little bit lower than during the pandemic. Thank God. But its going to be a higher than 2019. Thats a pretty sure, and we all asking guests or consumers all the time in order to understand. So whats happening in their mind and they clearly telling us that they expecting higher hygiene standard, more clean. They want to see clean inaction in order to feel safe, which is good. The second the labor shortage is going to become a bigger issue. It was an issue pre-pandemic. Its going to be even more so going forward, as we read in the newspaper. Well, our solutions are helping them deliver more with less labor which is good as well as that. And the last thing, which is harder to grasp completely is how much the takeout, the delivery is going to grow. Its going to keep growing for sure. And those on new opportunities for us, because those on your businesses as well, we havent figured it out completely, but I see that as upside. So net-net for our customers, the chain customers, its going to be different than 2019, but its going to be better for us as a the pandemic going forward.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay. Thank you for that. And what percentage of cost of goods sold are raw materials for you?
Christophe Beck: Its roughly 45%, but obviously, depends a lot by business, pest elimination is much lower as you can imagine. And in some industrial businesses, it might be higher, but in average, its 45% for the company.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Mike Harris with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Harris: Good afternoon, and thanks for taking my question. Just a quick follow-up for Christophe, earlier you mentioned that the first quarter results gave you confidence that you took the path, the 2019 earnings level. I was just curious, I mean, what happened in the quarter that was I guess a positive surprise to your internal expectations that kind of boosted your confidence?
Christophe Beck: Well, thank you, Mike. The bigger question so far us for Q1 was to know when especially in the U.S., the states would reopen. And as you remember, so in Q4, the looked down, so when backwards in Q4 versus Q3, well, that was not exactly a great news. And still, we improved our performance in Q4 versus Q3. So the question was, how is it going to continue in Q1 and that we didnt know. Obviously, so as we started our year 2021, so we were hoping that things would be improving and ultimately, they did. But they did not in January of February. They did in March. So we were thinking, so Q1 would be a difficult quarter as compared versus Q4. So modest improvement, ultimately, Ex-Texas, it was better done what we felt in Q1. So if I look at that, the reopening in the U.S. states is good news. Obviously, so for us going forward, China has been good since the beginning of the years. So those two markets are really on the positive side of the ledger. On the other hand, so you have a year up in some emerging markets like Brazil or India that are in a more difficult situation. So net-net, its basically as expected. And the last thing that I would say is, that because of the timing, if theyre reopening, so in Europe, thats going to happen. So towards the end of Q2, some of the growth that we had expected in Q2 might shift in Q3, but all in all, so I feel that net-net, the trends are as expected. Our cost structure is as expected. The timing might be a little bit different than what we had in mind initially, but at the end of the year, so it ends up certainly full year delivery, thats ahead of the EPS 2019 excluding this Texas impact.
Mike Harris: Okay, thanks for that color.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Eric Petrie with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Petrie: Good morning, Christophe. How much of your overall sales are to infection prevention and if you could to give a breakdown between institutional and healthcare?
Christophe Beck: So its roughly 10% for the company with the goal sanitizing products, as such it had very good growth. Last year that was especially true in healthcare, which has the highest percentage as you would expect obviously, these infections is a bigger part of what we do in hospitals than what we do in hotels or restaurants as you can imagine. But in both end segments even grew doubledigit and we expect the growth that we delivered in 2021 overall to maintain the overall number that we got in 2021, which is a combination of more customers buying more of the sanitation products. But at the same time, it was a little bit lower consumption, so much higher than what we had pre-pandemic, close to what we had in 2020 and close to the 10% for the overall segments .
Eric Petrie: Helpful. And then as a follow-on how much of your infection prevention chemistries or sanitizing products are based on chlorine, alcohol or peroxide. And have you seen any attrition to accelerated hydrogen peroxide?
Christophe Beck: Yes. Its one of the applications that we have. So we dont disclose too much of usually the formula that we are using as such, if you think about the 15 seconds of COVID kill that belongs on the market as well. Last year, this is an absolute so you need differentiated obligation. No one kills COVID-19 in 15 seconds or less, that done by us. So thats been very unique and pretended obviously, on the market, but what you mentioned. So with the accelerated hydrogen peroxide, thats one of the solutions. We like it as well. We use it as well. But for us, were going beyond that as well.
Eric Petrie: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, weve reached the end of our question-and-answer session. Now hand the floor back to management for further remarks.
Christophe Beck: Okay. Thank you. That wraps up our first quarter conference call. This conference call the associated discussion slides will be available for replay on our website. Thank you for your time and participation and best wishes for the rest of the day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-16 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ecolab Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mike Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Mr. Monahan, you may begin.
Mike Monahan: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolabs Fourth Quarter Conference Call. With me today are Christophe Beck, Ecolabs CEO; and Dan Schmechel our CFO. A discussion of our results along with our earnings release and the slides referencing the quarters results are available on Ecolabs website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements in these materials which state that this teleconference and the associated supplemental materials include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described under the risk factors section in our Form 10-Q for the period ended September 20, 2020, September 30, 2020, and in our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with a brief overview, fourth quarter earnings continued to show sequential improvement despite the negative impact of a greater-than-expected second COVID wave. As earnings per share decline narrowed once again, as we leveraged our new business wins, increased customer penetration and digital technology, along with lower costs to show the sequentially better results. As before, roughly 80% of our aggregated business showed good sales and strong income growth. Our Institutional Division, which is roughly 20% of our current sales, remained the most impacted, reflecting the effects of COVID-driven restrictions on global restaurants and hotels. But we also note that Institutional is the business that could benefit the most over the coming years as long-term hygiene standards continue to rise. In 2020, we took a number of actions and made targeted investments for post-COVID success. We believe we emerged from 2020 better positioned as our business wins, new product development, digital platforms and our improved field sales force effectiveness should lead to a more effective and profitable Ecolab business. Looking ahead, we expect global efforts to reduce COVID spread, and the expanded rollout of vaccines will lead to further global economic improvement in 2021. We believe our strengthened business will deliver full-year 2021 earnings above 2019 results from continuing operations. For the first quarter, year-on-year percentage decline, showing modest sequential improvement from the fourth quarter, and the remaining quarters of 2021 showing strong year-on-year growth. In a world challenged by COVID, we saw the value of Ecolabs premium product and service expertise was once again underscored through strong new business growth, as well as our strengthened existing customer relationships, despite the difficult market conditions. Our position as leader in food safety, clean water and healthy environments has become even more important. We believe that this position, along with our long-term growth opportunities, remains robust, driven by our huge remaining market opportunity, our leading global market position, our focus on providing our strong customer base with improved results while lowering their water, energy and other operating costs and our strong financial positions with resilient free cash flow. We believe these sustainable long-term business drivers will continue to lead superior long-term performance for Ecolab and our investors.  And now heres Christophe Beck with his comments.
Christophe Beck: Thank you so much, Mike, and good afternoon, everyone. Its a pleasure for me to lead my first quarterly conference call as CEO to share with you our results and our expectations for the future. Its no understatement to say that these are exciting times to lead this great company when what we do and, most importantly, the way we do it, matters more than ever. Ecolab is an exceptional company based on solid foundations and strong values. Ive had the chance to be part of shaping where we are today and where were going tomorrow, so do not expect any sharp turns, as I will keep building on whats made us strong, resilient, predictable and successful. The challenges the worlds facing today are ultimately also long-term opportunities for Ecolab and I believe that the best is still yet to come. So I look forward to sharing with you our progress and ambition in this and in other forums. And on to our results. Our performance continued to improve in the fourth quarter, in spite of the short-term reversal of global market trends and like what we and most actually sold coming out of the third quarter Earnings Call. COVID cases went up, lockdowns expanded and restrictions got tighter in most places. For instance, right after our Q3 call, Germany moved from 40% of restaurants being closed to 100% and a third of the U.S. states tightened restrictions. Nonetheless, our adjusted EPS continued to improve and narrow its decline, decreasing 16% in Q4 versus the minus 24 in Q3. We could have easily delivered more in Q4, but we decided instead to keep increasing our growth investments in innovation, digital technology, health capabilities and backbone infrastructure in the quarter to be ready for the rebound and the opportunities post-COVID. Our consolidated sales trend has stable versus the third quarter which is a good indication as well that our investment strategy is working and importantly, our cash flow remains strong and fourth quarter free cash flow improved versus the prior year. Excluding the Institutional division, 80% of our aggregated business grew sales 2% and operating income increased a strong 17%. Healthcare Life Sciences posted 22% top-line growth and a very strong 65% operating income growth. And our largest segment, Industrial, delivered a robust 18% operating income growth with a modest sales decline of 3%. So while we will keep improving the performance of all our businesses, Institutional will remain our primary near-term focus and hereto, progress is being made. With temporary closures and un-promised [ph] traffic both got worse in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter in the U.S., our Institution bench strength remained unchanged and our margins continued to recover. In 2020, as COVID hit, I believe we responded really well to a unique situation in a global restaurant and hotel industry thats historically been highly consistent and predictable. We protected our team and our business to make sure we were ready to capture the growth when the market reopens. We took great care of our key customers and enjoyed one of our strongest years of both retention and new business wins. We immediately provided all of our customers with world-class scientific expertise and comprehensive programs like the new no-rinse range of premium sanitizers. Its a program that kills the COVID-19 virus in 15 seconds; we believe faster than anything else in the world. And we helped our customers protect their business while reassuring their guests with Ecolab Science Certified, a new program that has quickly established itself as a leading certification program in the U.S. Weve also accelerated the work started a few years ago to continuously augment our critical field sales and service capabilities. We used 2020 to accelerate the implementation of our latest digital field technology. And we expect this technology to further improve our field service effectiveness, customer experience and operational performance. At the same time, we finalized the fine-tuning of our field safe organization started 18 months ago, so pre-COVID. And we expect this to further increase sales firepower and drive units and penetration share gains as weve mentioned over the past few calls. With all of this, I believe Institutional is well positioned to benefit from the markets reopening and from the rise of global hygiene standards. Now more broadly, we entered 2021 in a position of real strength. While we expect COVID-19 will continue to have a significant effect on the economy and our end markets, especially in the early part of the year, we expect to see the beginning of the COVID-19 recovery for our global markets to start in the second quarter. It will then take a few quarters to fully realize the new normal. However, we believe that our strong new business wins, product and service innovation, investment in new hygiene and digital technologies, and successful sales and profit initiatives will deliver full year 2021 earnings above 2019 results from continuing operations. We expect the first quarter to show a modest improvement in year-on-year percentage decline versus the fourth quarter, while the remaining quarters of 2021 will show very strong year on year. In other words, 2021 should be a strong rebound for Ecolab. With hygiene standards that are rising fast, were ready to respond to these new trends with breakthrough solutions and a brand that inspires trust. With water and climate challenges that have just gotten tougher, were uniquely positioned to help our customers reach the sustainability ambition at a high financial return. And with an unbeatable global team supported by state-of-the-art digital technology, we look into the future with a great deal of confidence. I look forward to your questions. Mike, the floor is back to you.
Mike Monahan: Thanks, Christophe. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, would you please begin the question-and-answer period?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will be coming from the line of Tim Mulrooney with William Blair. Please proceed with your questions.
Tim Mulrooney: I really only have one question, one thing that I want to talk about, which is this. You mentioned improvements in your Field Services organization implemented over the last 18 months. I think thats part of your Institutional advancement program. And Im not asking you to give away any competitive secrets here, but can you talk about what those improvements were? Specifically, I think you mentioned improving sales firepower, which should drive both new unit sales and market share gains. Thank you.
Christophe Beck: Would love to. Thank you, Tim. Great question. So as you mentioned and as mentioned in my intro as well, those are developments that we had started a few years ago. And weve made those developments as well by working together with our field teams and our technology partners as well. Weve tested that as well at numerous occasions, really making sure that everything is working really well because its so important for our team. And we were really aiming at two objectives that weve accelerated during the past few quarters because we had a unique opportunity during COVID to get it done faster. We could train our people as well during times that they had as well available. And the two things are first, its really to help the service delivery. What does that mean for our teams? Its ultimately that these digital tools are helping them get their daily program thats being optimized by the system. If they get an emergency call as well thats coming within the daily program, well, its rerouted and making sure they can do that with the minimum time and the minimum mileage as well to get there. They get all the customer information in real time when they go and visit as well the customer. They get tools as well to sell better any new solution, and they have training tools as well that they can share with the customers in order to make sure that those programs are being used really the best way. So this first objective is really about improving the customer experience. Its improving the work performance of our teams, and ultimately for them having more time to spend with the customer. The second objective, and Ill conclude on that, is really on the sales side of our team. Its to help them sell more. Weve shared many times our ambition to increase penetration. Well, those systems are helping do that because they give you real-time customer information. Our teams know how the customer is performing, the products theyre using, the new products that we could be adding as well to them, and again merchandise as well the results that have been accomplished. So at the end of the day, its easier for our team. Its better for the customer, and it costs less as a whole as well for the company.
Tim Mulrooney: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you. I had a question on around breakout areas, seeing how Life Sciences has become a very nice growth area for you guys. I think at your last Investor Day you talked about several new ones, and I was just wondering if you could give us some color there and if anything else has popped up either during the past year clearly.
Christophe Beck: Hey. Thank you, Manav. Well, expanding our TAM has also been a part of the Ecolab strategy. So finding new growth avenues, new growth markets, and lining up resources behind them has been part of the way the company has been growing. Youre mentioning Life Science. We started this business a few years ago. Its turning to an exceptional performance. Its been obviously helped by COVID as well at the same time because the need of our former customers has grown so much its driven as well great innovation as well. So for them in order to make sure that they could produce vaccines, for instance, in the safest and most profitable way at the same time. But interestingly enough, that way of approaching things, Manav, has helped us as well opening new markets like data centers. Weve started that two years ago when we saw that companies were ultimately outsourcing all their IT to larger companies like Amazon, Microsoft, Google, and so on, and werent dealing with them providing them with some solutions because those computers generate a lot of energy and need to be cooled down while we were providing solutions for them as many other customers. And ultimately we said, well, thats a critical market for the future. Its going to keep growing. Were going to create the division as well behind it, which is exactly what we did. That was before COVID. Then COVID happened. Everyone used the cloud, and its a market thats been booming as well since then. So its been a good play. And the last one Ill mention, Manav, here is Animal Health where we knew as well that antibiotics is something that consumers, that you and I dont want to have in our food ultimately, so how do we help animals staying healthy in the food chain at the very beginning, and thats how weve created as well as division. Weve made a big acquisition as well early last year with CID Lines which is creating that critical mass with that new market opportunity and which is leading to double-digit growth since weve done that as well. So just a few examples like that.
Manav Patnaik: Got it. Thats helpful. And I was hoping you could just help us with the cadence of costs and maybe margins for the first part of the year at least with respect to the rising cost of your raw materials, please.
Christophe Beck: Manav, just to make sure that I understand that you mean 2021 here, or 2020?
Manav Patnaik: Well, 2021, just with the recent increase in all the raws, and how should we think about how that flows through your numbers?
Christophe Beck: Yeah, so margins have been improving so over time in our businesses, so for a very long time. That was the case as well. So in 2020 since the low in Q2, obviously we see that continuing in the quarters to come in 2021, keeping really in mind that we see the year 2021 in two parts. There will be the first quarter, which will be very similar to what weve experienced in Q4, and then there will be the reopening of the end markets in Q2 and then the clear ramp ups in Q3 and Q4. So, its kind of slightly better in Q2 and as of  in Q1 sorry  and as of Q2, you will see a rebound as well there. We have good pricing power which is good. We have raw materials that are expected to be benign right now, but the indications that we see in the last few days/weeks ultimately saw going up in terms of raw materials. So well have to mitigate that. But this is something that weve been doing very well for many situations similar that weve experienced in the past few years.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of John Roberts with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
John Roberts: Thanks, and congrats on ranking near the top of the Barrons sustainability list last weekend.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, John.
John Roberts: A few vacation locations have actually seen pretty solid hotel occupancy and restaurant traffic; not a lot but some have. And do you have any data to show in those specific areas that the overall cleaning product revenue per room or revenue per diner has structurally increased since the pre-pandemic levels?
Christophe Beck: Yeah, I dont have detailed numbers to share with you, but its very clear that in the spaces where its reopened, the one you mentioned, for instance, weve helped those customers with more solutions in order to prevent the risk of infection. That leads to better sales than what we had before. But to your point as well, so those are individual areas like vacation groups that you described. Unfortunately, so those are just selective ones, but those are good indications at the moment that the overall market is going to reopen. Thats  hopefully or thats the way we expect it so in the second quarter, it will compound, obviously, so our growth opportunities in those units that we either used to have or didnt have yet but will have more solutions as well to them.
John Roberts: Gotcha.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Christophe, Industrial had a very strong quarter and full year. So looking at Industrial in 2021, can that segment expand margins? And how much of a headwind will these discretionary costs be as they come back into the numbers in 2021?
Christophe Beck: Yeah, so Industrial will keep developing its margins. Its been the case, as youve noted, in 2020. In 2021, were expecting as well pricing to remain kind of at the similar level than what weve seen. The raw materials are going to be probably a bigger headwind than what we had in 2020. So net-net, margins will be similar but operating income will keep growing.
David Begleiter: Very good. And, Dan, just on the cash flow, any thoughts or comments on working capital and CapEx in 2021?
Christophe Beck: Dan, you want to answer this one?
Dan Schmechel: Sure. Thank you. Well, maybe to ground us and the very strong performance that we had in 2020, first of all, working capital was a net contributor to strong cash flow because although we saw a little deterioration in collections and an increase in inventory on hand from a days perspective, the very favorable to cash flow at least impact of declining volumes made working capital a net contributor. So 2021 will be somewhat the opposite of that, meaning as the business continues to rebound, well invest more in receivables and in inventory. So not significantly but well invest in working capital in 2021. Having said that, well remain very focused on collections. And Ive said before in earlier calls we are very determined and have been sure to be paid for the value that were creating for customers. And frankly, on the inventory side, just a personal comment, almost, my expectation  and I know Christophe shares this sort of vibrantly  is that our goal on inventory in 2021 is to make sure that were building the right stuff for the right customers in expectation of the rebound. And so the favorable inventory in 2020 will reverse in 2021, but it wont be a big drag on overall cash flow performance.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Gary Bisbee with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Gary Bisbee: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. I guess the first question just going back to the Institutional initiatives here, can you provide a little more detail? Because what Im really trying to get at is how much of it is about rightsizing costs versus other changes that would promote growth? Certainly the  your prepared remarks talk about spend to deliver this and cost savings after the fact, so part of it clearly is cost driven. But what you discussed earlier was much more I think on the growth, positioning for growth end of it. Just a little more color. Thank you.
Christophe Beck: Yeah, thank you, Gary. Its not cost-driven. What were doing in Institutional is part of what weve been doing for years. Its driven by two things. As I mentioned earlier, the first one is really so to increase our sales firepower, we always want to have more dedicated people towards selling new customers, selling new solutions to existing customers. Weve shared earlier as well our ambitions to increase penetration by 20% as well over time. While we need to increase as well our sales firepower, which means people and hours behind that in order to deliver it. Technology is obviously helping as well so for that. On the other side, on the service, its to improve the customer experience. That when one of our service rep is going to one of the customers while she or he doesnt spend a lot of time collecting data or getting papers together, she or he can really get in and has all the information and can really work immediately with the customer or the customer issues that they might have as well. And as mentioned before, so if their day is organized better, if we can really route them in a way that minimizes hours and mileage, at the end of the day they can service more customers, spending more time with the customer instead of internal initiative stuff or fixing equipment that we have. And if that works, well, its good for the customers and its good for us. In other words, we have more sales firepower, we have improved operational efficiency in service, which nets to an improvement of cost structure as well at the same time.
Gary Bisbee: Okay. Thats helpful. And then the follow up, can you help us think or discuss how youre sort of thinking through volumes youve earned in areas that have benefited from the pandemic? So whether thats sanitizers or disinfectant s or other, how those could persist versus maybe moderate at some point in the future? And I guess as part of it, are you signing new long-term contracts for these things with a volume expectation? Or is there the risk that a lot of the incremental revenue could go away at some point in the future when the pandemic is in the rearview mirror? Thank you.
Christophe Beck: Yes. Long term, we always have contracts with the vast if not all of our customers around the world. Thats part of our business model and it will remain as such as well going forward. And we have plans of usually so to increase as well the demand with all of them. Thats why we invest as well so behind all those customers. So, to Mikes point before, 80% of our aggregated business has been growing in 2020. Well, those businesses will keep growing as well in 2021. When you think about it, 80% have been growing, so 5% top line in 2020 and 14% operating income. Well, theyre going to keep growing as well so in 2021. The mix is going to be a little bit different as mentioned, so in Life Sciences the demand was higher for natural reasons. In health care, we got those national government deals as well. But underneath you still have this 5%, 6% growth which is good. Industrial is going to move towards positive growth as well.  And sanitizing products, theyre going to stay at the fairly high rate of growth. Its not going to be the same as in 2020 because I dont expect people so to sanitize their hands the same way as they did during COVID. That would be too nice. But its going to be more than what they did before COVIDs peak in 2019. So overall, I think that the trends are going to be similar or better for most of those products.
Gary Bisbee: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rosemary Morbelli with G Research. Please proceed with your question.
Rosemary Morbelli: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone.
Christophe Beck: Good afternoon, Rosemary.
Rosemary Morbelli: So just going back to the demand, the high demand in Life Sciences and health care, do you have the feeling that there may be some inventory build in some of the channels and actually you could see a decline in revenues for full-year 2021?
Christophe Beck: I dont think so, Rosemary. So Life Sciences is kind of a direct business, so there is no in-between distribution, and its mostly bulk product, as well, that you cant really store as such. So inventory is quite much so just in time in Life Science, and its been growing strong in 2020. Its been growing strong before that as well, and were planning for great growth as well in 2021. So Life Science is going to be the continuation of a great story. But we need to keep in mind as well that, well, they had an exceptional year in 2020, so the comparisons that we will make in 2021 will look a little bit softer. Thats why its going to be important to look at the underlying growth, which is the way we run the business anyway. And its even more true for health care because the growth of 20% plus that we had in the last quarter was partly driven as well by those national deals that weve made. So for some of the governments, in order to fight COVID, underlying its going to be 5%, 6%. Thats the way we measure it. So when you do the comparison, Rosemary, 2021 versus 2020, it will look like a much lower growth, but its just because the comparison is kind of unfair. But we will look at the underlying growth, which is ultimately whats going to be long-term, and we expect it to be within the range of 5%, 6% for health care.
Rosemary Morbelli: Okay. Thanks. Thats helpful. And then, Christophe, if we look at 2021, you expect that your results will approach those of 2019. So do you expect this to be the case for all segments? And both for revenues and operating income?
Christophe Beck: So the 80% that weve talked about with health care, Life Science, Industrial, well, theyre going to be ahead of 2019 because theyve been ahead in 2020 versus 2019 and theyre going to be ahead of 2020 in 2021. Theyre going to keep improving, obviously. Whereas Institutional is the one that needs to grow from a much lower level started in Q2 2020. Youve seen its in Q3 an improvement, Q4 not so much. Q1 is going to be the same, and Q2 is going to continue afterwards. But at the same time, we need to keep in mind as well that we have investment in the business that were going to make in 2021, as we did in 2020, and Im going to keep increasing those investments as well. The mix is going to be unfavorable, so in 2021 versus 2019, just because Institutional is going to be lower because its going to be recovering towards the end of the year.  And the last point is that we have some cost rebuild. People are going to start traveling and entertaining again. Well have merit as well, so coming in there, so its going to be a different story in most businesses. But ultimately, we feel confident that 2021 can deliver earnings that are adjusted ahead of 2019.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Chris Parkinson with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your questions.
Chris Parkinson: Great. Thank you. Despite a fairly choppy 4Q, 1Q, which I think is overwhelmingly expected, there were some delights that you highlighted across your supplemental. When speaking to your teams, can you speak to maybe two or three end markets for which youre now incrementally more confident or constructive, just given pent-up demand once the world truly opens back up? If you can hit on that and just any potential comments on preliminary share gains would be greatly appreciated. Thank you.
Christophe Beck: So just to make sure, Chris, that I understood the question right. So the end markets that we would estimate would be rebounding so during 2021?
Chris Parkinson: Yes. And any comments around market share. Thank you very much.
Christophe Beck: Okay. So the biggest one is obviously so Institutional, so restaurants and hotels. And the way we measure performance in this down-market today is how many units do we have compared to the low point in Q2, and how many solutions do we sell to existing units as well. Its really so to make sure that we improve our base the moment it reopens that we can accelerate. And in institutional, we have more opportunities, much more than we had in the second quarter last year. We have much more solutions as well. So the moment the demand is coming back, thats going to compound, which is really good news. And we expect that not to happen in the first quarter, but its going to happen sometime in the second quarter. Another one is downstream, which is related so to the oil and gas demand. When cars are going to be used more, when planes are going to be flying more, when boats are going to be more traveling as well, like cruise ships obviously. So the demand for oil and gas is going to accelerate. So our objective here is the same as what we did in institutional; more refineries and more solutions to those refineries, and that looks quite good as we speak right now. So those are two big ones that are expecting so to rebound in the second quarter. All the other businesses, major businesses, Chris, are ultimately on a good path, no matter what.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your questions.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you. And good afternoon, everyone. I wanted just to follow up on the new business wins, maybe in particular in Institutional, but you could touch on the other segments as well. So I guess what Im wondering is that there was a clear opportunity as COVID hit to go get new business, and Im just wondering if theres sort of a second phase of new business opportunities that itll be unique to COVID, but itll come more during the reopening as maybe customers come to a realization that they want to change providers or trade up or what have you. How do you see that playing out?
Christophe Beck: Thats a great question. Well, starting first with the net new business in 2020 has been quite ahead of 2019, which, honestly, personally, I didnt expect that we would be that good. But weve managed so in 2020 to sell more new business than we sold in 2019. And to your point in Institutional, thats been the best new business generation that weve had across the company. So Institutional has done an exceptional job in terms of new business for two reasons. Namely one is obviously for the focus of our team on new business during that time. But the second is the one that you touched just before that during those difficult times of COVID, customers were looking for expertise, for scientific expertise. They didnt know what COVID was to begin with; how to address that issue; how to get ready for the reopening; how to get ready for the future as well. And we are the unique company that could provide that support to them in the U.S. like anywhere as well around the world. So many came to us as well so during that time. And the last point Ill mention is also our capability to supply as well. So especially in sanitizing products, growth has been outstripping the supply so quite a bit. Weve built a lot of capacity as well so during that time, while this is capacity that customers have been asking and that weve been able as well to sell to them. So good new business in all businesses, actually, for the whole company; and I mean especially in Institutional. And I think that thats going to be even more true in 2021 because weve demonstrated to our customers that were here for them when they truly need us.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And, Dan, if I could ask you a quick question on the balance sheet. Just seeing that the post-retirement health care pension benefits was up, it looks like $140 million year over year. Is that a function of discount rate assumptions? Or return on plan assets? Or what happened there?
Dan Schmechel: Yeah, really, the year-on-year change is discount-rate driven. Okay. Likewise, to this other income line that you see down below operating income. So rates have such a big impact both on the liability and on the accrued expense. Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
John McNulty: Yeah, thanks for taking my question. So the push on the ESG front, especially from Industrial customers and players out there, seems bigger than I think most of us would have thought a few years ago. And I guess with that in mind, like when you think about the water platform that you have and especially on the Industrial side, can you speak to the level of engagements that youre having? And is it higher than what you would have thought say a couple years ago when you guys gave the longer-term outlook for the business of 6% to 8%? Like I guess have we reached a tipping point where we may see multiple years where that business accelerates at a level that is maybe faster than what weve seen or what you may have expected? How should we be thinking about that?
Christophe Beck: Its definitely bigger than what we thought, and honestly, I thought that during COVID that would really take a back seat. And none of that happened, thankfully, actually so for the world in general and especially so for our business as well. Weve had always more customers coming to us for two reasons interestingly enough. On one hand saying well, can you help us get towards our ambition in terms of ESG in terms of water usage, in terms of climate, so CO2 emissions, waste that we generate as well? And there was a second dimension which was an interesting new one for us. Many customers coming to us and saying, well, you guys as a company have done so well from an ESG perspective. Is there something we can learn from you that we could implement as well so within our own company? And I can give you two examples in near on one hand, the larger consumer goods company out of Europe with whom weve been working for a few years, towards the end of last year said we need you to help us build a plan to become water positive by 2030. Well, those are new questions which we know how to answer that. No one else can. And on the other hand, so youve seen Microsoft as well announcing their ambition to be water positive by 2030. Weve done that plan. So together with them, we are helping them getting there as well. So those are examples that are true of many of those companies so coming to us. So, yes, theres an inflection point thats turning bigger, better than what I would have thought.
John McNulty: Got it. Thanks very much for the color.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Justin Hauke with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your questions.
Justin Hauke: Hi. Thank you. So I just wanted to ask some questions on the restructuring program, just because its changed a couple of times and its somewhat difficult to track where you are. Relative to the $355 million in total spend that youre talking about now through 2023, whats been spent under those programs as of the end of 2020? And then similarly for the benefits, the $365 million of annual savings that youre looking for in 2024, whats the current run rate thats in the 2020 base just so we can kind of think about how that builds?
Christophe Beck: I think Ill let you, Dan, maybe start the answer and Ill help if anything.
Dan Schmechel: Sure. Of course. So just to make sure that were talking the same numbers here, I think that weve disclosed an actual cost associated with the $365 million of anticipated savings of $335 million, of which at the end of 2020, $275 million has been accrued. Okay. So very good start across all of these programs. And from a run rate perspective as of the end of 2020, weve recognized about $200 million of total savings. So expect significant pickup in 2021 as you might guess. And then it will kind of more or less stabilize or bleed out over 2022 to 2024.
Justin Hauke: Thanks. Thats helpful. And then my second one was just to make sure that were all level set. When you talk about 2021 adjusted earnings being in excess of the comparable 2019 level, I think youve disclosed a pro forma number that excludes Champion that was 520. So is that the number that we should baseline your comments on?
Dan Schmechel: The number that we would steer you toward is the continuing ops number, which is 512 in 2019.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
P.J. Juvekar: Yes. Hi. Good afternoon, Christophe, and welcome.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, P.J.
P.J. Juvekar: Yes. In your Institutional advancement program, where youre investing in field reps and digital technology. Is that all for gaining share? Are your customers demanding this? And then how do you charge for it? Is it all through market share gains? And also, lastly there, where do you think is your competition in regards to this? Thank you.
Christophe Beck: Great question. Thank you, P.J. Obviously, when we think about share, this is self-serving. This is not the way we think about it. Its much more whats right for the customer. And if there is one thing that weve learned during COVID, especially in Institutional is that customers need comprehensive solutions. When you think about an infection risk, while its not just about sanitizing your hands; it is making sure that the tables are being sanitized, the floors, the drains, the water, that the food is safe, that you dont have any pests in there. Its really  infection is related to the weakest point that you would have in that unit. And seen from the customer side is basically who is the partner that can help me protect everything I have in my unit? And the only one that can do that today, at least is Ecolab as such. So thats the way the customer is looking at us. So its really making sure that we offer programs that answer that, and the Ecolab Science Certified as well is ultimately bringing it all together. If a unit has all the programs, it is as safe as it can be. Well, they get to seal and we promote that as well. So its good for the customer. Its higher demand for us, so its good for us as well at the same time. So the whole organizational development that were making is ultimately helping to address that customer need.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mike Harrison with Seaport Global Securities. Please proceed with your questions.
Mike Harrison: Hi. Good afternoon.
Christophe Beck: Good afternoon, Mike.
Mike Harrison: Wanted to ask about your competitor, Diversey. They recently entered into a partnership with a water treatment provider to really go after the food and beverage market a little more aggressively. Do you think that could lead to some changes in the competitive dynamics that youre seeing in Food & Beverage or in Water going forward?
Christophe Beck: Well, two things here, Mike. First, we know that water and hygiene together is a winning proposition. We demonstrated that for years. But we know that partnerships do not work. Its the second time that they are trying that. By the way, the first time was with Nalco many years ago and it didnt work. So its hard enough within a company to get all the businesses working together towards one customer need. Doing that with partnerships is really hard. This is interesting to see. Theoretically, its a good idea. In practice, well, I wish them luck.
Mike Harrison: All right. Thanks. And then on the downstream portion of the business, obviously, thats under some pressure because of driving activity. But I wanted to ask the trend in refineries is toward larger and more complex, integrated refineries that have petrochemical production as well. Can you talk about the relative opportunity for Ecolab at one of these larger, more complex refineries versus, say, a handful of less complex refineries that have equal capacity?
Christophe Beck: The petrochemical sites are different the sweet spot of our business in downstream. Thats where we sell most of the solutions. Thats where there is most demand from customers. Thats where the margins are the highest and where the outcome is the best as well. And many of those companies to the ESG point that was made before as well are interested in driving as well a better outcome from an impact on the environment as well at the same time. So this is the sweet spot. This is our primary focus as well going forward. Were trying to get organized as well behind petrochemical in a dedicated way but thats a little bit soft; more for the future as such. Whereas the traditional, older type of refineries are less of a priority for us. So youre exactly right and thats what were going after and thats the way were getting organized to really capture that growth and the margin. And Ill just conclude on one point. Its basically that petrochemical in 2020 has been growing as well in a difficult environment, which is a proof of that approach working so really well.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Adam Harrington with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Harrington: Hi. This is Adam [ph] on for Shlomo Rosenbaum. I was curious if you could talk a little bit about what contributed to the margin level in the Health Care business this quarter and kind of what the interplay was between delivered product cost, mix, et cetera.
Christophe Beck: So health care in 2020 in general has had very nice margin development. Youve seen as well the comparison versus 2019. So a nice improvement. It was better in Q3 versus Q4 because the volume was higher because those one-time deals with governments were still impacting the business fairly heavily. So you got much more leverage as such. But that being said, the drive of program selling in health care, the focus on infection prevention, the digital technology, the pricing, the work on margin improvements, well, it has contributed to the margin improvement in 2020 and is going to stick as an improvement as well in 2021. So I feel good about the margin development in health care when I think 2021 and beyond.
Adam Harrington: Okay. And in terms of the earnings for 2021 versus the 2019 level, I think you touched on this in an earlier question. Can you maybe just give a little more detail of what needs to happen there and how much of that improvement  expected improvement will be explicitly from like cost savings?
Christophe Beck: So in order to get there, which we feel very confident to deliver an EPS in 2021 thats ahead of the $5.12 in 2019, as Dan mentioned, its basically driven by three or four things. The first one is 80% of our business, so Industrial, health care, Life Science, growing, growing operating income in 2020 is going to keep doing that obviously in 2021. So those ones need to keep moving, and they will. They have good momentum. They have good new business, and they have propositions that customers are asking for, which is really good. At the same time, you need to have Institutional that turns the corner. As mentioned, its not going to be in Q1. Its going to be very similar than what we had in Q4, but its going to be sometime in Q2. Thats going to catch up as well. So Q2, Q3, Q4, where Institutional is going to get back towards where it used to be as well, so pre-COVID. So thats going to drive as well towards that outcome. And the third point, as you mentioned, so we have cost savings initiatives that Dan has been presenting as well that are helping. But its important to keep in mind that we will keep investing in the business. People are going to start traveling as well more. Were going to give them merit as well as we do every year as well as such. So when you bring it all together, 80% of the business needs to keep humming, and it is and it will. Institutional needs to recover as of Q2 and the quarters to come, and we need to make sure that both on the cost savings and investment we balance that in a smart way and we will get to the right place in 2021.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, weve reached the end of our question-and-answer session. Ill hand the floor back to Mr. Mike Monahan for closing comments.
Mike Monahan: Thank you. That wraps up our fourth quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated discussion and slides will be available for replay on our website. Thank you for your time and participation today, and our best wishes for the rest of the day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude todays teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-27 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Ecolab Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mike Monahan. Thank you, Mr. Monahan, you may now begin.
Mike Monahan: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolabs third quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolabs Chairman and CEO; Christophe Beck, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Dan Schmechel, our Chief Financial Officer. A discussion of our results, along with our earnings release and the slides referencing the quarters results and our outlook are available on Ecolabs website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements in these materials which states that this teleconference and the associated supplemental materials include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described under the Risk Factors section in our September 25, 2020 Form 8-K and in our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release.  Starting with a brief overview. Third quarter results showed significant improvement from the second quarter, while still reflecting the divergent impacts from COVID-19 on the business segments. Fixed currency sales and earnings per share declines narrowed as we leveraged recovering customer end-markets with new business wins, increased customer penetration and cost efficiency actions to show the sequentially better results. Sales and income for our Healthcare and Life Sciences segment were strong as it continued to benefit from good underlying trends, strong cleaning and sanitizing demand and several large one-time sanitizer orders. Our Industrial segment saw a modest sales decline as end market activity returns toward more normal levels, while income growth continued to be strong due to pricing and lower costs. Institutional division results also improved from the second quarter as consumer activity within restaurants, hotels and entertainment facilities continued to recover, though foot traffic at them continues to run below last year due to COVID-related restrictions that yielded the lower Institutional results. We expect our improvement to continue in the fourth quarter, though likely at a slower rate as the second COVID-19 wave impacts reopenings. We remain confident we will emerge from 2020 with the stronger competitive advantages and a more robust product offering. We continue to invest in the key drivers for our business. Our accelerated investments in hand care and sanitizer capacity are paying off, and our continued digital investments and accelerated field technology deployment are enabling us to provide excellent customer support, even where we cannot be there in person, while also enabling better value delivery and further efficiency in our cost to serve. We remain firmly focused on maximizing our post-COVID position. While COVID-19 creates a near-term challenge, it also creates long-term opportunities. In a world challenged by COVID, our food safety, clean water and healthy environments positioning has become even more important. We believe that our long-term growth opportunities remain robust, driven by our huge remaining market opportunity, our leading global market positions, our focus on providing our strong customer base with improved results by lowering their water, energy and other operating costs and our strong financial position with resilient free cash flow.  We believe looking beyond the near-term uncertainty and focusing on these sustainable long-term business drivers will yield superior long-term performance for Ecolab and our investors. And now, heres Doug Baker with some comments.
Doug Baker: Thanks, Mike, and good day everybody. So our sales and earnings showed significant improvement in Q3 versus the lows we saw in Q2, which was expected. This is led principally by our Institutional division as its markets reopened, albeit partially. Our Healthcare Life Science businesses continued to accelerate with our third quarter sales up 29% and our Industrial businesses performed solidly as well with negative 3% sales but 18% OI growth. Importantly, we expect the overall improvement to continue in Q4, though at a slower pace, as COVID second wave is expected to dampen re-openings. Even so, we have a number of initiatives underway as the opportunities and challenges presented by COVID are much clearer now.  We have a heavy upfront investment in hand care and sanitizer production, which is now coming on line and starting to pay off. Our launch of new antimicrobial with best-in-class 30-second COVID-19 kill claims are well timed, its just going out now. Our continued investments in digital and our accelerated rollout of our newest shield technology is paving the way for further efficiencies in our cost to serve, which were capitalizing on now through targeted cost savings programs. Finally, our new business efforts continue to drive really good results, particularly in Institutional. Our ability to dramatically outperform our competition in terms of customer care during the COVID period is being rewarded with new business across the board. And, our new Ecolab Science Certified Program is helping drive improved penetration in existing customers. Youll recall, our objective for this year was to maximize our position for post-COVID success, and we are well on our way to do that. As a result, we feel well be in very good position leaving the year. As we look forward, we expect COVID to run into 2021 fairly deeply, meaning through several quarters, but we also expect our business to continue and strengthen as our capacity, innovation, new market entries, Ecolab Science Certified and digital efforts put us in a great position to manage and grow our business. So, I feel really good about the steps our team has taken, how theyve managed through this period and most importantly, how they position is for success in 2021. Thank you.
Mike Monahan: Thanks, Doug. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, please begin the question-and-answer period.
Operator: Thank you. Well now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Tim Mulrooney with William Blair.
Tim Mulrooney: Hi, Doug. I know theres a lot of uncertainty right now and a lot of moving parts between your different segments. But, I think, a key question for me, and whats on a lot of investors minds this morning is, based on what you know today, when you expect to get back to 2019 EPS or better?
Doug Baker: Yes. Well, thank you, Tim. Id say, were not giving specific forecast. But, Ill say this. Even with COVID second wave and I think weve -- we understand where COVID is going. We track this very carefully. We all know recent news reports about whats happening in Europe, whats happening in U.S. is not really news to us per se, that weve considered this in thinking about our business progression, even we talk about further improvement in Q4 and how were considering 2021. That doesnt mean it couldnt be worse than we anticipate, or could be better than we anticipate. But, I dont believe we are underestimating COVID. With that said, I think, we are in good shape to be playing above 2019 EPS in 2021. The question is really how much? Weve got a number of things that give us confidence. The markets we believe are going to be better on average, in 21, than they were in 20, principally, because we dont expect a repeat of a global shutdown during the March-April period. That alone drives on average, a significant improvement in just underlying market performance. Inventory reduction is really behind us. This machine rent relief isnt going to be repeated, a lot of the one-offs that we had talked about that we took purposefully in Q2. And we know weve gained share. Weve got very strong innovation. And weve added capacity on hand care where honestly we could sell more if we could make more, and now were able to make more. And ultimately, we know were also taking steps to lower our costs. So, we feel were well-positioned. Next year, weve got a number of levers to pull. So, I expect sitting here today that we will be certainly above 2019 EPS in 2021.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. Thats really helpful. I appreciate your thoughts there. Id also like to ask about your new business wins and how that trended through the quarter relative to your expectations. Are these wins coming from developing growth opportunities, or is it more just from recovering end markets? I know youve got a lot going on with new sanitizers and Science Certified for example. So, I was curious how thats all affecting the cadence of your new wins?
Doug Baker: Yes. Ill ask Christophe to go address this. But, weve been, I would say, very surprised at the strength we were worried early in COVID, with the fact that we couldnt make in-person calls in the same manner that we did prior, impact our ability to get customers, yes, and thats turned out to be a false worry. Weve actually performed very well to this whole period. And Ill give Christophe an opportunity to give you some color.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Doug, and Tim, good morning or good afternoon. So, yes, new business has been going very well this year. When we think year-over-year growth of new business that we track, so on a monthly basis, its basically growing at the same pace as this used to be, as well as pre-COVID, which is very encouraging. Doug is right as well. So, installing that new business has become a bigger challenge, which means that our full book of business ultimately will help us as well down the road. But, weve leveraged as well digital technology. So, to do that in unbelievable ways where we could install new customers all remotely, so weve learned as well. And those are capabilities that we can use as well tomorrow. And your question on the main drivers, Id like to come back as well, to what we discussed during the previous calls as well, where many customers are coming to us because theyre looking for our expertise from a science perspective as well, how to deal with COVID, how to make sure that their guests or customers can be protected as well. Thats been a huge driver, so for many new customers to come to us. Its also innovation. Doug mentioned our new sanitizing programs that we have that are killings of COVID-19 in 30 seconds or less. Those are world records out there. And thats coming out of years of innovation as well. And last but not least, in more difficult economic times, our customers like our proposition of driving the total cost of operations down, which drives more business as well. So, net-net, new business generation is kind of steady even versus what we had pre-COVID.
Doug Baker: And Ill just add, because Christophe said hell be humble today, is from an operating standpoint, our businesses have done a great job, performing in a tough environment, and honestly have dramatically outperformed competition in our ability to meet our customer needs when its required in unit we get there, weve worked to leverage remote digital capabilities. And this has really been led by Christophe and all of our teams out in the field. And that has made a big difference here as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you. Good afternoon. My first question is just around this increased focus on sanitization that clearly you guys are benefiting from. Maybe a two-parter. The first one is, you talked about you to now do more capacity in hand care. But, I was just curious if there was any updates on any other areas or maybe you still are restrained in terms of how much you can produce? And, I think for the first time ever I saw an Ecolab ad on TV for certified science. I guess, is that trying to target a little bit more branding versus the Cloroxes and Lysols of the world?
Doug Baker: Yes. Ill touch on the capacity question. Our capacity challenges really have been around hand care in particular, to a lesser extent to some surface sanitizers. Its all driven by demand. Meaning, our hand sanitizer business is up 300 -- 3x. Now, weve had to do a lot of work to be able to increase capacity, 3x. And now, we are expanding that beyond that, because demand is greater than that. But, these arent easy, easy ramp-ups as you go through this. Right? This is GMP, youve got to make this properly. We dont take shortcuts. Were not the guys using bad ingredients, people can count on us. And so, were going to do this the right way, so customers continue to count on us going forward. But, the operations team has done really a terrific job working with the team to move these volumes up. And we have a lot of capacity, now just coming on line, because it takes months, or as equipment, we found very creative ways to do this. Regarding the TV, Ecolab Science Certified, let me give that to Christophe. 
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Doug. And, Hi Manav. Good to hear you. Ecolab Science Certified, so, its something kind of new for us. So, were learning as well, as we go. It was really meant to support our customers to provide reassurance for their consumers, their guests, for the most part, so in hotels and in restaurants. And its been really driven by the fact that we knew that guests were fearful about the risk of infection. We all know that. We knew as well at the same time that hospital grade disinfectants were driving them to 2 to 1 times versus the retail brands that you mentioned, as well before. So, that was a plus clearly, as well so for us. And the third thing was really that we knew we heard from guests that they wanted to see clean, not just to have people telling them, that its safe out there. All that brought together this fear of being infected, the fact that you like hospital grade disinfectants, the fact that you want to see that is clean and safe, so led us to this concept of Ecolab Science Certified that has been extremely well welcomed by our customers. Their customers seem to be liking it a lot as well. So, great reaction from customers. Were really working now in the rollout of all those thousands of sites as well, so around the country. And from a media perspective, its just after a few weeks, so hard to tell. But early indications are way above average than what we had expected.
Manav Patnaik: Okay. Got it. And it was nice to hear the comments on 2021 EPS. But, maybe just on fourth quarter trends, I guess, in terms of the way you described it, it sounds like fourth quarter wont -- even if there is a resurgence of cases et cetera, it wont be as bad as the June quarter but maybe somewhere between that and the September quarter that you just reported, and so just maybe partial lockdowns and impacts. Would you say thats a fair characterization?
Doug Baker: Yes. I think, Q4 is, -- one, youre entering Q4 at a very different run rate from a market consumption standpoint than we entered -- right, Q3. And so, as a consequence, youve got room -- I mean, to get to even equal, right, you can add some degradation to the quarter, just fundamentally. We expected -- I mean, some of these lockdowns are just being announced. But we knew that COVID second wave was real coming. And theres going to have to be some reactions to this. And so, as a consequence, its in our mindset. Now, it could get more severe than we anticipate and everything else. But, we expect Q4 to be better than Q3 on the top line on income, on EPS on an absolute basis and on a relative basis versus prior year. I mean, thats so -- and I think its with our eyes wide open, but this is a wild world. And were here to react to what we need to react to and well do the smart things. One term, this business I think is in great shape. And were going to manage intelligently. The one thing Im not going to do is touch the investments in Q4 and do some other things, because really what is paving the way for our very positive feelings about 2021 and beyond.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: Thank you. Your institutional organic sales were down 28% year-over-year. Whats your estimate of what the market was down, maybe to give us some perspective on the share gain?
Doug Baker: Yes. Its not as easy as just doing the straight math, simply because if the market is down 50%, were not going to be down 50%. Theres just some base level of consumption in these units if theyre just open. So, the numbers that we have shared in the deck and others is over 90% of restaurants in the U.S. were open by the end of third quarter, running at a roughly 55% capacity rate. Now, in addition to that, theyre doing a bunch of off-premise. But obviously, off-premise doesnt generate much warewashing business, as you might imagine, if youve been an off-premise customer. So, I would say, we certainly -- our volumes are healthier than the restaurants volumes in total. We do believe were gaining share, because we track very carefully what were gaining and what were losing. And I would say, our losses have been minimal. And I mean, weve done a great job on the other side, securing a bunch of new business through this period.
John Roberts: Then water downstream sales were down 11%, petrochemical was up, so refining was down more than 11%. Theyre not that surprising or not, but I thought the utilities, the steam system and the cooling tower were relatively insensitive to the refinery operating rate, or is that not the case?
Doug Baker: Ill give it to Christophe. Our water businesses improved. Youre talking downstream and youre right. Downstream was worse in Q3 than Q2. Christophe, do you want to?
Christophe Beck: Thats right. Yes. Overall picture, so Industrial is in a very solid shape, as you see, so up modestly and the OI is up double-digit. As youve noticed, driven by a few great businesses, obviously like water being one of them, food and beverage really good, water improving very nicely. On downstream, you underlined petrochem, which is positive, this is really true. Otherwise, so for the fuel refining business, were kind of in line with the consumption, which was down 12%, roughly, in the quarter. But, when the oil price is low, refiners have a tendency to go for light crude, which means that they need much less of our additives as well, which are usually used for harder to treat, as well, product. So generally, we like the petrochemical, which is where we focus most of our attention, especially going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Doug, you guys increased your savings this quarter to $275 million, from I think $270 million. Where those additional savings are coming from? And if COVID impacts go well into 21, are you looking at additional temporary or internal costs levers to pull to offset these headwinds?
Doug Baker: Yes. Ill have Dan answer specific questions around numbers. But, yes, I would say a couple of things. What we wanted to do is, allow time so that we can see more clearly where we are going to be hit, say for several quarters at least or even a couple of years, like we talked about lodging recovery and some other things. And we are starting to adjust our costs in businesses that are going to have more lingering effects. You might think also, we are investing in some businesses like Healthcare and Life Sciences, where we expect the lingering impacts to be positive. And so, we have increased a 2020, which was the program that we had in underway, which is really a place where it supports early moves there. They were not a big impact at all in Q3, will start impacting Q4 somewhat, but the major impacts will be in Q1 and Q2 of next year. And, Dan, if you want to add some detail?
Dan Schmechel: Yes. Thanks. So, just as youve indicated, rightly, weve announced that weve taken up the full year target from 270 to 335. And of this incremental 65, as Doug has indicated, that anticipate that the big bulk of that, say, maybe $50 million will fall into 2021, with a little bit recognized in 2020, not much, frankly, given the fact that were, you can imagine, starting where were starting now, near the end of October, and a little bit of cleanup in 2022. In terms of what drives it, I mean, I would go back to sort of how were thinking about a 2020, or this cost savings initiative generally, which is some of this is reorganization. A lot of it frankly is driven by getting back benefit from the significant investments that weve made in institutional. And as Doug has indicated, were really similarly sitting here in the era of COVID, taking a look at our deployment principally, and where we might see continuing benefit. And so, of the 50, its pretty evenly spread frankly across the Industrial business, opportunities and supply chain too where we can true-up and have an opportunity to think of improving efficiency of some of the lines and some also in the institutional business, not surprisingly.
David Begleiter: And Doug, just looking longer term, given the impact of COVID on Institutional, is the Institutional a fast growing business post-COVID than it was pre-COVID?
Doug Baker: Yes. I think, theres going to be -- I mean, Institutional was obviously ground zero for COVID. And theres going to be some knock-on effects for a period of time, but not forever, by any means. I would say -- I think, if you read most lodging forecasts, people believe that business, travel will be down for several years, but will start coming back. It will be replaced in fairly short order. But I think lodging takes a couple years to recover. I think, restaurants recover a lot quicker. And the reason for that is if you look at the history of recessions and everything else, even in restaurants that go out of business, there seems to be an endless line of people who think opening a restaurant is a great idea. And that has been true. And you end up with a lot of, let me just say, capital light opportunities, after these recessions. You have strip malls with restaurants in them that are vacant, where they are looking for somebody to move in and put a sign on the door and get back into business. And its sort of a time honored tradition. So, so far, I would say weve been surprised at the fact that theres not more restaurants out of business during this period. We expect that there will be more, particularly as we get into the winter, but its still probably below the forecast that we had internally, last March and April. So, Institutional, ultimately, we feel very confident will be a -- and continue to be a great business. Now, we can get to earnings, right, growth, faster than well probably get to sales record growth, simply because were doing right in the business, some of this has planned pre-COVID, a lot of the technology moves were doing, the efficiency moves, weve accelerated the deployment. I mentioned this in my opening comments of the newest and latest field technology, which gives us a lot of new capabilities and makes our field team a lot more efficient, and use a much more time to sell. We are adjusting our field service team to what we expect to be service requirements going forward and efficiency benefits. But, were actually adding sales firepower, because we know coming through this and out of this, we want to go out and secure the new business thats going to occur. There are other forecasts, lets say, in 2021 midsized chains and others will be adding a significant higher number of units than theyve done in recent years, as they work to capitalize on this too. And we want to be the guys there getting this business. We never mind taking, if you will, SG&A risks like this. We think theyre wise, we think theyre going to pay off and help us recover even faster. And if were wrong, theyre not hard to address.
Operator: The next question is from the line of to the line of Gary Bisbee with Bank of America.
Gary Bisbee: I guess, if I go could back to the cost program for a second, good to hear about the incremental and where thats coming from and the timing. But, can you just give us an update on where you are versus the initial plan? As I recall, it was a significant number and growing number from 19 to 20 and then into 21. Are you on pace, did you pull them forward given the challenges of this year, or is there still an expectation that theres a significant step up from the original plan next year, before this $50 million incremental that youre adding here? Thank you.
Dan Schmechel: So, this is Dan again. Let me -- Ill just walk through the sequence here. We announced the plan, right, which was originally 200 and took it up to 325, so we accelerated it. Of that 325, $55 million was focused directly on the upstream business. And so, those cost savings and all of incurred expense associated went with the ChampionX business. So, thats how we net down to the $270 million. And frankly, weve described this $270 million as $200 million in run rate savings for Ecolab and then offsetting $70 million of what were essentially stranded costs related to the separation of the ChampionX business. So, thats the background on the $270 million. If you focus on the $270 million, I would say that our capture of that opportunity has been almost exactly in pace with what we had said. Okay? And so, now, were saying that were going to increase it by 65, for all of the reasons that I went through with the biggest part of that benefiting and falling into 2021.
Gary Bisbee: Got it. So, theres -- I mean, I have the 325 breakdown, which you provided a few years ago, and so I understand part of that went away, but it was like $80 million in 19, $105 million in 20 and $140 million in 21 was the initial target. So, assuming a lot that went away is in 21 maybe but, so theres a significant step up still from the original plan. And then, youre adding on top of that?
Dan Schmechel: I would say, yes. Okay. From the 200 to the 270, that was the step up. Really though I would think about that as an offset to the ChampionX stranded costs. What we disclosed as incrementally benefiting 2020 originally was $110 million. And it will be essentially that number with a little bit of increase related to the $65 million increase. So, I view this as being once we expanded the plan for the first time, if you net down to the 270, which is ex, ChampionX piece, we have been pretty much in line with the targets year by year as weve communicated.
Doug Baker: Ill only add this. What we said very early in this and we were asked are we going to make cost adjustments, even back as early as February. We basically said, look, were in the fog of war. We dont know what moves to make right now. We need this fog to clear and really have more understanding of where the opportunities are and where the challenges are going to be, whats going to linger and whats going to go away quickly. And as a consequence, we are sitting here today with much more clarity around what needs to happen moving forward. So, were much more confident taking steps that we dont believe are going to cause any unintended harm than other moves. The team, I think, is in a great place. Everybody understands. And since were adding in some businesses and subtracting in others, even where were reducing our team, we have opportunities to create for them another businesses, which were making available sort of differently than weve done in the past. So, these are moves were taking. So in Institutional, were certainly taking steps, which I mentioned, around field service costs in particular, given number of units, and the efficiencies that we have generated as a consequence of the technology investments and all the digital investments that weve been talking about over time, you would expect us to do those. And now, we have a better understanding of delay of the land. And so, were taking those steps. And if anything, I would expect us to take more -- this is not internal, thats all been discussed. But, as we start getting clarity around the financials, what that means and what it means for 2021.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ryan Connors with Boenning & Scattergood.
Ryan Connors: I wanted to ask a question about -- you talked about the fog of war, Doug. One of the things that seems to be emerging from that is that the big chains are out there taking share, if you will, or faring better than some of the mom and pops restaurants, as an example, but I guess, thats in a number of different industries. That would seem to favor a company like Ecolab that presumably is heavy with some of those big national accounts. Can you talk about that dynamic, and whether you think thats meaningful? And how that affects you, if that does in fact continue the next couple of few years?
Doug Baker: Yes. I mean, it could only be a net positive for us. How it exactly plays out in terms of their ability to continue to garner share vis--vis smaller players. We watch the same trend. I believe they will gain share during the upcoming periods, probably even more notably during recovery. Theyre poised to add units aggressively and would be in a position to do it even faster, and in some cases, in say, smaller and mid-sized players. So, I would say, were not -- its hard for us to say exactly what this means to us. But, I would say, to make a case, its a negative would be hard to make. Its net positive, for sure.
Ryan Connors: Got it. Okay. And then, my other one was, at risk of going across the valley as it were, you talked about investments in capacity, in hand care and sanitizers and the 3x demand growth and so forth. Obviously, youre not the only one making those capacity investments. And if, in fact, things normalize post-vaccine, even if thats a year or two, or whatever out there, how do you guard against really as a company and as an industry, adding too much capacity, and then weve got a negative pricing cycle in those product lines once this all kind of -- the dust settles here?
Doug Baker: Yes. I would say, there is two things. One, here is our expectation in the hand care market. We think in the near term, it probably -- and this includes hand soap, which is obviously a much larger market than hand sanitizer in total, that the combined market triples and then settles as a double, versus pre-COVID, i.e. theres certainly a COVID bubble here, but the post-COVID will be at a run rate much higher than the pre-COVID, simply because you condition people through this around hand hygiene, which by the way is a smart thing to do to prevent many other viruses than just COVID-19. So, with that, yes, are people going out? Yes. Were not the only guy adding capacity. But I would say, prior to this, we were also doing a lot of co-packing. So, we are now in a place where we have additional capacity. If it proves not to be as wise, we can in-source stuff if we need to. So, I think, weve got a number of options here. And we wanted to create more options, if you would, going forward. In terms of price war, its not going to work that well here. Even hand care, dispensers fall off walls, things happen. We have been priced at a premium. In almost every one of our markets, were the -- if not the global leader, right, number two in the world in terms of hand care. And we do it at a significant premium, because service does matter even in this market. So, I dont think thats going to be the play or the conversation were going to be having in two years.
Operator: Our next comes from the line of Chris Parkinson of Credit Suisse.
Chris Parkinson: So, you hit on this a little bit, but I just want to get down a little bit further. But just, despite a lot of noise on the Institutional revenues right now, how should we be thinking about the current market share gain environment? It still seems despite a lot of noise, like youre outperforming a lot of your peers. And then also, just when we think about the growth and innovation investments, how do those ultimately factor into your expectations for your framework for 21 and 22? Just any additional color would be greatly appreciated. Thank you.
Doug Baker: Yes. Ill just put together what weve already said on the call in maybe a different context. One, we have confidence that the business is going to be playing above 2019 in total next year, right, from an earnings standpoint. We dont believe Institutional is going to be fully back, while were doing that, which weve also said. Institutional will ultimately have record sales and record earnings. We have not seen the peak of Institutional by any stretch because that market will come back. We think foodservice first, lodging a little later. The good news is foodservice is much larger, and there are underlying trends in foodservice which are positive. We are gaining share, which means, I think, well even beat the market getting back. So, I guess, the point is, I think, when you look out beyond the depth of COVID, youve got a number of positive earning machines within this business. [Technical Difficulty] of institutional over the couple of years, [Technical Difficulty] fast to recover in industrial than some of the other players; technology, lowering our cost to serve on a permanent basis, et cetera. So, I -- we feel like the steps that -- steps weve done the last six months, I think, has long legs. That was a whole idea. You dont want to go do a bunch of stuff in the second quarter that would only help the third quarter. We wanted our stuff to have years of benefit, not weeks of benefit. And I think, thats why Im proud of the team. You can get very flustered during these periods because these results are hard to report. Its not what we normally do. But, I think, the steps will prove to be very wise going forward. I dont think, were very far away from getting back to the type of reports people expect out of us.
Chris Parkinson: Great. Thats very helpful. And just very quickly on the Industrial front. Theres been a fairly material divergence between end markets. Just versus your initial expectations, lets say, coming out of the second quarter, could you just assess your performance in F&B, water and downstream? And then, similar to my questions on Institutional, how would you also view your own relative end-market performance on a go-forward basis? Thank you.
Doug Baker: Yes, Ill give this -- Christophes got this.
Christophe Beck: Hey Chris. Hi. Maybe starting with your Industrial question, and then Ill cover Institutional. So, as mentioned, overall, Industrial is in a very solid shape, saw slightly off at sales, but income up 18%. And thats the advantage we have that we have so many different end markets as well that we serve, but all driven by these needs of water purity and hygiene, food safety as well, which are obviously some big trends right now. So, when we think in terms of the water businesses, the way we call them, so this one has improved very nicely. So from a minus 5 to a minus 2 in Q3, and we expect that to improve as well in the quarters to come. F&B, which has been a very strong franchise, pre-COVID, has remained fairly strong positive for sure during COVID as well. Q3 being a little bit of an unusual quarter of those two reasons. One is the total shutdown of brewing in Latin America. Youre not allowed to produce beer basically over there, and we have business over there, extremely strong, extremely profitable as well. But, thats going to come back. People are not going to stop drinking beer obviously. And dairy as well in the U.S., which is related to schools as such, but this is very temporary. New business is really strong in F&B, good momentum, great relationship with customers. Theres no one even close to us who can really bring the water and hygiene, as mentioned before. So, a very strong position on Industrial. And in Institutional, a lot has been said, obviously before, firmly believe that people are going to go back ultimately to what we call out-of-home. As such, people are not going to start cooking from scratch in the long term. So, these trends are going to be positive. At the same time, people are going to look for more demonstrated safety in restaurants and in hotels. This is well to our advantage. Theyre going to look as well for more expertise. This is Ecolabs strength as well. They will want to have global standards as well that you have in every unit anywhere around the country or the world. Well, this is what we offer to customers. And last but not least, as well as such, well, its mostly driven by corporate accounts, as Ryan was asking before, two-third of our business are large customers. Well, thats where the growth is going to come from and thats where we have most of our focus. So, Institution long-term is going to be a positive story as well. So, I hope you have it, Chris.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets.
John McNulty: So, looking at the other segment, and it seems like its mostly going to be driven by pest. The profitability surged pretty dramatically compared to kind of the revenues where book they were up, but not nearly to this degree. Was there a bit of a catch up in there, or I guess, can you help to explain kind of the incremental margins from 2Q to 3Q in that business and help us to think about how to think about that business going forward?
Doug Baker: I would say within their pest -- our pest business, I would say recovered even stronger than we had thought it was during the third quarter. It was down 2% year-on-year in the third quarter. And they made up a lot of ground. They have done a number of smart things in that business and are poised to break through the growth number, even in the fourth quarter. So, of those businesses, its probably the most significant in terms of its ability to earn money. And most of them -- thats probably the biggest positive story coming out of the other segment.
John McNulty: And then, maybe just a housekeeping question, just because admittedly, Ive gotten probably a dozen e-mails on this since youve been talking. But, so when you talk about EPS growth in 2021 versus 2019, I assume thats on the 5.12 base, the kind of pro forma, the oilfield services split base. Is that right? Am I thinking about that right?
Doug Baker: Yes. That would be our new -- that would be the 19 number we would compare to.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Just thinking about trying to bridge institutional a bit more, and Im looking at that slide four you provided in the supplemental data, and in particular, just trying to think about the multiplier effect of a product use in COVID. And, what percentage of operating rates in full-service restaurants do we need to get back to in order to kind of make you whole with 2019? Because presumably, you dont have to get back to 100% or 90% or something like that just given more product being used and likewise for lodging. So, any thoughts there would be helpful.
Doug Baker: Well, we dont have a specific number to throw out. It would be less than 100. I think, the truth of the matter is, theres going to be this natural, I would say, recovery ceiling, until you have vaccine. Now, what we believe is, vaccines will be approved here in short order, but theyre first going to go to frontline workers, second to populations at greatest risk, and then broader populations beyond that. And you need a significant number of the population. Again, its going to take quarters to get this out. The reason I bring this up is I really think we will continue to see improvement in institutional, some on the top and then on the bottom line as we go through this. I dont know that youre going to be breaking through 90% than others, until you get real breakthrough on COVID, to be honest. Weve launched in other markets. There is just a fundamental fear factor that stops people from going in the environment, even when there is a low COVID rate. Now, it improves -- its got clearly room from this 55% number. But, I dont think it buzz through 80 until you start seeing COVID done. With that said, we dont expect Institutional to be fully back in 21 but we expect to be certainly playing north of 19 EPS in 21.
Vincent Andrews: Thanks. And just as a follow-up. Just thinking about the SG&A line into next year, youre down about $165 million year-to-date. And Im just trying to reconcile, you have some discretionary cost savings that maybe some of that starts to come back later next year versus the cost program that youre running to take things out. So especially, as we think about SG&A trending into the fourth quarter and then how much do you think it can actually stay down next year?
Doug Baker: Yes. I think, the discretionary savings, i.e. T&E in particular and some others, I think last well in the next year. Our view -- were going to respond to what actually happens on COVID, not what we believe. We believe COVID is here through a good part of 2021. If that proves to be wrong and it goes away faster than that, well benefit, and vice versa. But our travel isnt going to change dramatically until COVID restrictions change. And so, theres a sort of what I will call natural benefit lined up with sales pressure. So, we think for the majority -- certainly majority next year, were going to see depressed T&E travel as a consequence. We will not bring it back up to 100% of 2019 rates for a long period of time, because I think weve all learned. There probably are a number of trips we took in the past that we didnt need to take. And we will be using digital technology in many cases that prior we took trips to accomplish. So, travel is not going down to zero, but its not going back to 100% or 90% either.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your questions.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks. Good afternoon. With regard to Healthcare and in Life Sciences, the growth rate certainly is impressive. How sustainable do you think that is? And then, the margin in the segment was very strong. Just curious, how much was pricing and other factors for the margin expansion, and maybe some discussion of sustainability of that?
Doug Baker: Ill give it to Christophe?
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Doug. Hi, Scott. So, its been another great quarter for this group. So, 29% top-line growth, 82% income, and its been driven by both, big businesses in there. So, Healthcare and Life Science, both were in the double digital top-line growth and income growth as well, driven from one part, because of COVID, on the other hand, as well, a lot of government business as well, that we could conclude as well in Germany, in the UK, in Australia because of the expertise that we could provide as well as to those agencies with whom we have great relationships. Thats going to partly stay in the future, but its going to ease as well over time, whenever coverage is going to ease as well. So, thats back to Dougs comment of the vaccine and how many quarters well have to wait for that. Bottom-line, when we think in terms of underlying growth, weve said, so for Healthcare that if you exclude those big one-timers, its roughly 12% top-line, but thats still driven by the COVID wave as well. So, when that eases as well, we believe that we will be in Healthcare, kind of 6% to 8% underlying growth, which is really where we always want it to be. So, ultimately, thats a business that has truly benefited from whats happening here. And on Life Science, its a business thats totally on fire. Its really an industry that loves what we do. So, then, new business is extremely strong. Innovation is very strong as well, think Bioquell as well, so has grown 100% during the quarter as well in Q3. Well, those are offerings that are going to stay as well going forward. So, its not going to stay at the same high level as what youve seen in Q3, but its going to be double-digit underlying, going forward, for sure.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks, I appreciate that, Christophe. And then, a follow-up for to you Doug. Just curious, now that youve built out capacity significantly for hand sanitizing, just curious, kind of on the back end of the supply chain, what were the considerations you made, so that if we get into a situation where this largely sit down -- shut down, hopefully that doesnt happen again. But, has this been done largely domestically, near shored? Just curious the thought process and the strategies youve taken in developing that supply chain strategy?
Doug Baker: Yes. Our historic supply chain strategy is to make in the currencies we sell in. I.e., if you go to China, we have multiple manufacturing facilities. Theyre really designed to meet China demand. And like 93% of our China volume is produced in China. So, thats been historic strategy. And its a strategy that governs us going forward. It was really designed because we didnt want currency to become a strategic problem, i.e. producing the U.S. dollar gets strong and our competitiveness is weakened everywhere else. That was the initial reason for it. It obviously is also proven to be a good strategy in a tariff world, and a more restricted supply world. So, that strategy has been, lets say, cemented, at this point time is a good idea. So, where were building? Were building a lot of the capacity in the U.S. and in Europe, which are two largest markets where youd expect but we also made capacity moves in China too.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jeffries.
Laurence Alexander: Two quick questions on the cost reductions moves that youre now making. How will that affect operating leverage once conditions recover? And secondly, longer term question, I guess, I remember most of our discussions on the Healthcare side being around antimicrobials. Can you speak a little bit about your [Technical Difficulty]
Doug Baker: Sorry. Laurence, the last couple of words got garbled. What was the last question about Healthcare antimicrobial?
Laurence Alexander: Sorry. Can you speak about your capabilities in antifungals -- the antimicrobials?
Doug Baker: Yes. Well, in Healthcare, I mean, if you want to go, I mean, spores are the biggest challenge, right, C. diff and the others. And we have significant advantages in that category in Healthcare as well. And so, thats been an area that I would say, we have some standout capabilities too. The Healthcare capabilities are important, not just, because of the healthcare market opportunity, but also because of, if you will, what we learn in Healthcare, and how we can apply it in other businesses. So, Christophe talked about the positioning that were using in Ecolab Science Certified, which is Healthcare grade -- hospital grade disinfectants that resonates with consumers, or by the way, theyre right. Because the breadth of the kill claims and the kill time are much more advanced in those types of products than they are in consumer products. You can have a consumer product that literally takes 4 minutes to kill what were killing in 30 seconds. And the problem is not many people wait 4 minutes for anything anymore. So, this is an important part of what were doing. The leverage question, I mean, we dont have a specific answer. I mean, as we get out and articulate the complete program, itll be pretty obvious what the leverage impact will be. But certainly, its going to improve leverage, which I know you already know.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Mike Harrison with Seaport Global.
Mike Harrison: Doug, you mentioned this reduction in on-premise dining, a lot of your restaurant customers are shifting toward more takeout and delivery, some are coming up with these novel ideas like those kitchens or cleaning meal kits to help make ends meet or survive in this challenging time. What kind of changes are you making in your approach to help your customers navigate this trend toward less on-premise dining? And, how do we think about kind of the future of your business? What we used to think of is warewashing being kind of the anchor or the cornerstone of your institutional business. Is that going to be shifting towards hard surface cleaners, going forward?
Doug Baker: Id say two things. I mean, there are certainly new business categories in institutional that we are pushing and exploring that frankly we think will have staying power, no matter which way the industry goes. With that said, I would say, we think post-COVID the industry reverts back to principally on-premise for two reasons. Its what diners want mostly; and two, the profit of takeout, given packaging and other is not great. If youre in a pizza business, its hard not to make money on pizza, because the ingredient costs are so low, and all you got is a cardboard box. But when youre getting into, let me just say, some of these fancier meals and the packaging costs and the rest, I have a number of friends who are actually in the restaurant business, it is not a perfect solution for them. Theyre trying to keep the doors open, cash flow moving and everything else. But, their preference greatly would be to be serving these meals on-premise versus off. We have supported those kitchens. Theyve been longstanding in a number of ways, think about food trucks and the rest. They are going to have a place going forward. And its probably the way to run just a delivery business. But, there will be modifications in this industry as a consequence of COVID, but I dont think its a revolution.
Mike Harrison: And then, in terms of the food retail side, you mentioned expanding cleaning protocols and frequency. Can you give us a sense of how much thats increasing sales right now? Like, is the typical grocery store customer for example using 10% or 20% more of your product or is it double how much they would typically be using?
Doug Baker: Well, I think, its settling down where its double digit up in consumption. I will also say, youve seen slowly a number of retailers curtail some of the cleaning that they were doing early, its still up versus where they were pre-COVID. But, where you had maybe four people wiping down every car, you may have one or you have car wipes and some other things all of which go to go to consumption. We expected this. So, I think what youll see -- youll see certain categories have benefit going forward. But right now in the Institutional business, I mean, the number one volume standout is the negative impact on warewashing, which by the way, is where we have a lot of our innovation and money, it will come back. But until it does, right, you got a mix challenge in Institutional, doesnt get fixed until dishes start getting washed.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of P.J. Juvekar with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Petrie: Hey, Doug. Good morning. Its Eric Petrie on for P.J. Can you talk a little bit more about your growth opportunity in these new fast kill cleaners? And how long does it take to reach peak sales in your view? And then, as these viruses mutate, can you talk about how effective the cleaner is over the long-term and whether or not you reformulate?
Doug Baker: Yes. Ill turn it to Christophe on this. They have quite a bit of staying power as you go through. And theres different ways you kill organisms. And I would say, for instance, hand sanitizers, alcohol basically destroys a cell. So, its hard to develop immunity to a sphere if you think about it that way. Some do poison. And you can have immunity built over time to poisons, but not to everyone and its not a fast issue, i.e., were using quads [ph] that still have effectiveness that have been around for decades, right, in a number of instances. So, its not a short life in terms of our business careers. Its a short life in terms of human history. So, I dont know if you want to add in terms of, Christophe, how long it takes to get to peak sales, et cetera.
Christophe Beck: The only thing I would offer is that were really watching every pathogens out there. So, the ones that we know well and how do they react against our products as well or how do our products are effective against those, the new ones as well, COVID being one of those that we didnt know, obviously in the past and we learn from each other. The latest disinfectant that we talked about today with this extremely fast kill time was developed for the norovirus, for instance. So, we really look at all pathogens out there, try to understand the type of effectiveness, how is it still working, is there any reaction to it as well? And generally, so we develop our innovation in order to stay ahead of that. So, I believe that we are in a very unique place, especially compared to any competitor out there.
Eric Petrie: Helpful. And then, just maybe talk, Christophe, on peak sales related to that question. And then, for my follow-up to Doug, as end markets recover, some managements have been talking about building out their M&A pipeline or returning to share repurchases. So, Ecolabs net leverage has improved to the low 2s. Can you discuss both uses of cash? Thank you.
Christophe Beck: Okay. So, Ill take the first question and Ill give the M&A part to Dan, just in a second. To your point, on the peak annual sales, we usually take five years, which is the best average that we have out there. Some products or sometimes shorter term, but most of them are longer than five years. So, thats why its the metric that we use. On M&A, Dan?
Dan Schmechel: Yes. So, Ill interpret it more as a cash priorities question. You also asked the question on share repurchase. So, let me just say this. We ended the quarter with a little north of $1 billion on the balance sheet in cash, which is by any historical standard, a very, very big number for us. So yes, thats the premise for the question. Right? I will follow the thread of a lot of the Q&A today to just say that the world remains a very uncertain place. And Im comfortable with the amount of cash that we have on the balance sheet. Partly this is a cash is king environment. And theres a lot of who knows whats to be seen. We are getting increasing confidence, as youve heard, from the tone of the call today too, about the shape of the world with many uncertainties yet to be known. I presume that as we go forward, it will present both, challenges, right, maybe some unforeseen, but also opportunities. And so, I guess the shortest answer I can provide is that as our confidence continues to build, youll see us return to more traditional cash levels and cash priorities, including share repurchase and M&A activities. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: Revenues declined $250 million in Institutional business, and Institutional operating profits were down $200 million. Why is the decremental margin 80%? If a decremental margin were 50%, you would have earned double? What is it about the business where the incremental returns are so high?
Dan Schmechel: Are you talking about year-on-year on third quarter to third quarter?
Jeff Zekauskas: Yes. Exactly right.
Dan Schmechel: Well, I would say a couple of things. They wont be 80% over any long period of time, as you go through this. But, you get into quarters. Now, youre getting to what happened last period, you get into bonuses, bonuses where you know are taken down and up in different quarters in different years for different reasons, and these going to have impact as you go forward. There are other investments or bad debt and some other things as you go through this period. But, our decremental margins either going down or going up over a period of time arent going to be in the 80% range. The gross profit of that business is right in the mid-60s, right, on the good day. So, a lot of thats going to happen. We are starting to take decisions on fixed costs and other things. And so, what we will see is a recovery of those margins as we go forward.
Jeff Zekauskas: Were raw materials down about 5% year-over-year in the quarter? 
Dan Schmechel: Raw materials in total were not a material impact. If anything, they were negative in Institutional. A lot of that is stuff youre seeing around heightened demand in hand care and some other areas, where you really just have shortage of supply, and Industrial, year-on-year minorly favorable.
Operator: At this time, weve reached the end of our question-and-answer session. And Ill turn the floor back to Mr. Monahan for closing remarks.
Mike Monahan: Thank you. That wraps up our third quarter conference call. This conference call and associated discussion slides will be available for replay on our website. Thank you for your time and participation. Our best wishes for the rest of the day.
Operator: Thank you to those who joined us today. This concludes our conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And we thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-28 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ecolab Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. At this time Id like to introduce your host, Mike Monahan, Senior Vice President Investor Relations. Mr. Monahan, you may now begin.
Mike Monahan: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's second quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO; Christophe Beck, our Chief Operating Officer; and Dan Schmechel, our Chief Financial Officer. A discussion of our results, along with our earnings release and the slides referencing the quarter's results and our outlook are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements on these materials stating that this teleconference and the associated supplemental materials include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described under the Risk Factors section in our most recent Form 10-K and in our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with an overview second quarter results reflected the impact from COVID-19 on our businesses, and were generally consistent with our expectations. Sales and earnings were strong for our Life Sciences, Healthcare and Specialty businesses, as they benefited from favorable fundamental trends and our increased cleaning and sanitizing demand. Our Industrial segment saw a modest sales decline but strong earnings growth, while our Institutional and Pest Elimination businesses experienced significant sales and profit declines due to the substantial negative impact on restaurants, hotels and entertainment facilities, as they felt the brunt of the March April global shutdown in travel and dining. Second quarter adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.65 compared with $1.27 a year ago. Results reflected the COVID-related volume declines and negative operating leverage as well as COVID-related impacts including second quarter equipment, lease billing suspensions of approximately $0.10 per share to support customers, a $0.06 per share reduction in Institutional distributor inventories, and increased bad debt expense of $0.07 per share. Looking ahead, we believe we're in a strong position to manage through COVID-19 and are confident we will emerge from 2020 in a stronger competitive position with a more robust offering. Our focus remains squarely on maximizing our post-COVID traction to drive growth. While we have near-term challenges that we are addressing within our Institutional business, we continue to have substantial opportunities in all of our businesses and the right strategies to achieve them. Clearly, Ecolabs leading capabilities in food safety, clean water and healthy environments is more important than ever, and they have positioned us well as an important and effective partner in this world crisis and beyond. As a significant part of this, we have continued to work aggressively to partner with our customers to solve their problems, and in doing so, further improve our customer penetration and new business wins by providing the critical product, service and consulting support, our customers need to ensure their operations are safe and functioning effectively as COVID restrictions evolve, and our operations adapt to the new sanitation requirements. As a result of these actions, and our new sales initiatives, we have one new business. And along with gradually improving markets, we have seen sales across our businesses including Institutional improved since their lows early in the quarter. While COVID-19 creates a short-term challenge, it also creates long term opportunities. In a world challenged by COVID, our food safety, clean water and healthy environments, positioning has become even more important. We believe that our long-term growth opportunities remain robust, driven by our huge remaining market opportunity. Our leading global market positions, our focus on providing our strong customer base with improved results while lowering their water, energy and other operating costs and our strong financial position with resilient free cash flow. We believe looking beyond the near-term uncertainty and focusing on these sustainable long-term business drivers will yield superior long-term performance for Ecolab and our investors. And now here's Doug Baker with some comments.
Doug Baker: Thanks, Mike. And hello, everyone. So just a couple of overview comments on Q2. We'll turn it back to Mike and then to Q&A. So our Q2 results were obviously significantly impacted by COVID-19. They weren't all in line with our expectations going in, which is probably a minor miracle because it is a very difficult environment to predict. The impacts were most acutely felt in our Institutional business. As a balance of our businesses collectively grew both sales and income during the period, Healthcare and Life Sciences had record growth, our Industrial businesses had extremely strong margin performance, driving strong income gains. And our Specialty portion of our Institutional reporting segment also realized strong growth. Our Institutional division though was directly impacted by the COVID-19 shutdown of travel and dining early in the quarter. This is a one-off event in the history. Now this event was truly further exacerbated by the resultant distributor inventory reductions and a decision we made to suspend Q2 dish machine lease payments as a mean for supporting the foodservice industry during this incredibly traumatic period. In total, these two items hit sales by $82 million in Q2, NOI by roughly $60 million. Importantly, we spent no time or effort postponing pain or managing Q2 for optics. Trade inventories fell and we left them. The dish machine market needed support and we gave it. Reserves and inventory, we took our full dose. Team size, we maintained. And investments we actually increased through the quarter. This is what we said we would do. And we feel it is a smart play. We will manage through the near-term pain in a way that maximizes our potential long-term. While the pain will continue, we believe Q2 was the low point. So while the short-term pain from COVID-19 is obvious, the long-term impact is becoming clear. Hygiene standards will increase in every market we serve, they have Industrial Healthcare, Life Sciences, Institutional and Specialty. New opportunities are presenting themselves every day in large space disinfecting and hand care and water safety and clean rooms and data centers, et cetera. We chase $130 billion market at the end of 2019 and it will be bigger going forward. We're even better advantaged to get after it. We've been out investing our competition for years and are clearly this year. Our digital and antimicrobial investments in innovation give us significant advantages. Customers water, food safety, safe environment, and operating efficiency needs are only growing and important. And our cleaner, safer, healthier positioning is spot on. Probably most importantly, our team has never so clearly felt the power of our mission. It is doing a great job, supporting customers, jumping on opportunities and rebuilding momentum. So, with that, I'll turn it to Mike who will open up Q&A.
Mike Monahan: Thanks, Doug. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, would you please begin the question and answer period?
Operator: Yes, thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] And our first question is from the line of Tim Mulrooney with William Blair.
Tim Mulrooney: So, the Institutional division was down, I think about 50% organically in the second quarter. And this is my only question today. But can you just walk us through how the monthly performance trended through the second quarter, Doug? And how that compares to what you've seen in July so far?
Doug Baker: Yes. I'll give you a perspective on Institutional and we'll address your specific question, while doing it, because I know they're going to be questions, obviously. I mean, Institutional was where COVID impact was most acutely felt. It is obvious when you look at the results. And as I mentioned in my opening, the rest of the business collectively did quite well. Now, there are ups and downs within that group, but that's normal. In Institutional, though being down 50% is quite notable. So, the sales for that reporting sector were down 35%. And it was really driven by the decline in Institutional. Specialty was pretty strong. It was really driven by FRS sales of plus 31% and QSR was flat for the quarter. Institutional decline really was driven by a couple of things. The most notable was a huge decline or the huge shutdown in April of literally global travel and dining and we've never seen anything like this. Transactions fell in April 80%. Now transactions have climbed back. They were 80% down in April, 50% down in May, and down 30% in June. We've also seen our business move back from this 80% type decline up through the quarter. And we've seen it continue in July to your question. But we had other issue here. The distributor inventory rebalanced, which is always a natural outcome, particularly when you have a severe shock like this. So, we mentioned it is 50 million bucks. In the dish machine lease suspension, which we took on, because we felt that was a smart thing to do for an industry, which has supported us for many years. And we need to be in there with our customers, who've been decade long partners with us, to let them know that we understand the pain they're going through. That was a $37 million dollar decision at both sales and ally because it is a complete pass through. Now we asked for a trade there. When we gave relief for the quarter, and it was just a Q2 relief program, it ends or has ended. What we also went and traded for was an extension of existing contracts and new agreement for the dish machine lease program. We believe it is going to be a great deal for both our customers and for us long term. Now, the inventory is largely behind us. I think it is behind us if you start taking, actually the inventory rebalances $45 million, you take the $45 million and think is it a 30-day inventory or 20-day inventory, is a significant expectation of reduction in sales. That a larger than we think you need to do but that's always the way this thing goes. And we also know for sure that the lease suspension is behind us for sure. As a result, we're pretty confident that the worst is behind us particularly in Institutional which really as I just said, is a driver for the main challenge in Q2 for the overall company. Now I don't think we're going to see Institutional back in growth until you have a vaccine, people are not dining out for several reasons. In some states and some countries, they're not allowed to, but even where they're allowed to, we've seen them slowly return because there still exists significant fear of becoming contaminated or catching COVID-19. And until that fear dissipates, I don't think you're going to see a huge change or growth in the Institutional business. With that said, it is come back significantly from its low point. May was better than April, June was better than the May and we've seen continued progress in July as well. So we aren't going to be hanging out at the same levels that we saw in Q2. But don't expect growth in the next couple of quarters. We don't think that's realistic. Now, with that said, our team is all over a number of things which we think long-term are going to position us terrifically in this market. Were already helping customers accelerate successful and safe reopening. If you've seen there have been over 50 large chains that have mentioned us, either the public statements or releases. We're also reengineering a plan to what I'll call over recover. So the goals here are to increase our penetration in existing customers by 20%. And we also want to do that while continuing to drive increases in the number of units. We had interestingly enough, very strong new business performance in Q2 in all of our businesses. But including in Institutional, we picked up a number of pieces of business that we've been chasing literally for decades because they understand our expertise, our coverage and how vital it is when you are moving through a pandemic situation like COVID and into recovery and into a world where everyone expects hygiene to be a much more heightened piece of the puzzle for all of these operators. So we're also introducing what we're calling the Ecolab Science Certified Program, which is really designed to drive heightened hygiene standards and outcomes within our customers, but also to create comfort for our customers and their guests and meanwhile drive increased penetration of Ecolab programs in these customers to get these better outcomes. So this is going to be a big campaign and a big program that we believe will position us for even more significant share gain and frankly, help our customers recover quicker. Now, we also have accelerated the new technology in the field for Institutional. This will help the teams efficiency and effectiveness via routing remote service, online ordering and opportunity identification programs embedded in this technology. We're clarifying the roles in our field organization to create the focus needed. And frankly, we can do it now because we can leverage this new field technology that we've invested in. So our Institutional team is all over this. They clearly went through shock when you had to live through April and start seeing sales declines they've never experienced. I'll remind everybody, the last great recession was in 2009. Our Institutional business globally was down 2%. This is not because there's an economic slowdown, this is completely pandemic-related, shutdown-related, very unique steps that need to be taken in a pandemic. It is got nothing to do with consumer and/or some minor economic recession slowdown that has never feared us, that wouldn't fear us now, what does fear us is when you're not allowed to go into restaurants, it hurts sales, no doubt about it. Now, we do know this. Our goal is not to recover, it is to create a step function, change in growth while we're moving through COVID and then obviously setting ourselves up post COVID. And Ive to say this, the opportunity is huge. So if you just look at the U.S. and you look at our penetration opportunity within our existing customers, there is a billion-dollar opportunity in existing customers alone. So it is not like we are short of opportunity. Globally this market will still be near a $20 billion market post COVID. So the opportunity exists. What we have today is called necessity, necessity to make change, to drive change and to get on the recovery path. And the team is all over this. The new technology we're launching, we got new antimicrobials that have been worked on for years coming out here shortly. Timing is perfect. We've got this new field technology, the right products. I think we have the enablement and the teams all over this.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay, that's it for me. Thanks. Thanks for all the color, Doug.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you. Doug, just a kind of follow up on that, you talked about the Ecolab Science Certified Program, you talked about the 50 or so, I guess hotel change, et cetera, using that program. We've also seen obviously lot of airline and companies using the Clorox and lifestyles of the world as branding like them. Does that consumer brand and so forth matter in order to make the consumers I guess, comfortable going in there? Or if you need to pick up the NPR or marketing around the Ecolab brand for that? Just curious there.
Doug Baker: I'd offer a couple of things and I'm going to give it to Christophe to offer some comments too. Number one, yes, I think there's always an opportunity to build. Ecolab is a great brand. It is really well known in the industries that we serve, but it is not very well known in consumer land simply because we're a B2B business. So there's certainly opportunity, if you do it smartly to, I think, increase our awareness and help increase and drive Ecolab penetration. The other fact that we know is, we've done a lot of consumer research. We've done it over the years and we've reconfirmed it recently. That really when you ask consumers, what makes them more comfortable establishments using hospital grade disinfectant, which is what we sell or consumer type products, they are overwhelmingly in favor of hospital grade disinfectant. It is not close. And I would say our customers understand this intuitively and the consumers are right. I mean, disinfectants at a hospital-grade level, kill more, and they do it much quicker. In many instances we're doing things in 30 and 45 seconds, which the products and consumer are doing in three and four minutes. And so that just doesn't work as well in the business-to-business environment. And so, I mean, I think this is well understood. So efficacy is not equivalent. And customers understand this, consumers do so to our customers. And so building programs around these advantages, communicating these program advantages, we think is an important part of the program. And I'll throw it to Christophe to give a little more color on Ecolab Science Certified.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Doug. And we've also understood that especially in the U.S., two-thirds of the people have voted number one. So cleanliness as the main reason to go or not to go in a restaurant during this COVID-19 times as well. And beyond what Doug just said, that hospital grade disinfectant, have a much better perception with guests versus retail products. We've also understood that people need to see safe in a restaurant or in a hotel in order to feel safe. And it is bringing those three things together. I need cleanliness to go in a restaurant. I need to see clean when I go in a restaurant. And I need to make sure that the right products have been used over there. So have led to that idea of the Ecolab Science Certified, which is not saying, that the restaurant is doing 100% right, but is using ultimately our standards, our protocols that we've developed with them, our programs as well as Doug mentioned this was some innovation. We've launched it a few weeks ago as well. It is a smart power disinfectant, which is killing viruses within 30 seconds, which is a world record, by the way, out there as well. And then we can audit those restaurants. And when they've passed everything, they get the seal as well, which is this Ecolab Science Certified, that guests when they come in, can feel in a better place than in a restaurant that would not have that.
Manav Patnaik: Got it, that's helpful. And maybe just my second question, obviously here in the U.S. we read about all the hotspots and so forth, but you guys are clearly a much more global business. I was just hoping for some perspective on like, in terms of the trends youre seeing to drive the improvements either like, I guess I'm not sure maybe how notable or sizeable are these hotspot areas that we're reading about versus rest of the world for you guys.
Doug Baker: Yes, what we have certainly seen because you had said the pandemic start of obviously in Asia and China specifically early as, and so they are further along. And we have seen improvement, continued improvement in our sales in the China market. In fact in June they were positive in total and we expect that to continue in July moving forward. But thats been a climb back from fairly significant decline as well, but they are months ahead. And I would also say they have a different mix. It is more Industrial than Institutional than the balance of the world. So, you're going to see some of that mix play out favorably as you go forward. But if you're looking at Institutional specifically within China, we've also seen significant improvement over the period of time as well as COVID has abated there somewhat, the restaurants are reopened and travel is reopened. With that said, it is not been a stampede back onto airplanes, into hotels, nor into restaurants. People are still waiting for I think, finality for this thing, which I think is in the form of a vaccine ultimately. And we don't believe until then that you're going to see complete market recovery in industrys most hard hit by COVID. Now, it'll improve but we don't think improve completely.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: Thank you. Any way to gauge how much of Institutional is being supported by outdoor dining right now? Because as we move into the fall, we're going to lose that outdoor dining laid to the Institutional market.
Doug Baker: John, it is hard for us to have exact -- I would say I think what's going to happen in the Institutional, I agree, we live in Minnesota, outdoor dining, maybe over the next week or so, winter comes quickly here. But I would say I think you see a transition, which is assuming we start getting aftermath and start doing things. And if you get the things back under control, you'll probably see fairly steady dining results. But you're going to see a transition to what I will call modest in dining, going forward. But that's why I'm trying to be a little circumspect about how far this recovery will go. We do not believe you're going to see a repeat of Q2 in Institutional sales by any means. But you're not going to see a 5% growth rate in Institutional until COVIDs gone for any number of reasons.
John Roberts: And then Institutional customers have had to train their employees on new cleaning protocols. Did your Lobster.com acquisition help with providing customers with additional training support?
Doug Baker: Yes, it is starting to. I would say what we're learning is how to utilize that technology most effectively. There's obviously been a lot of work done on food safety programming. When we bought Lobster, they had a fairly good breadth of portfolio around lodging specifically, the food safety program is coming on, and we're utilizing that. Yes.
Operator: Next question is from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Thank you, Doug. Just on the margins in Industrial and Healthcare and Life Sciences, they were clearly exceptional in Q2. How should we think about them in Q3 and the back half of the year?
Doug Baker: Yes, I head it to Christophe. I mean, Industrial is about 450 basis points. I would say, half of it, well to 200 of it was really T&E, and bonus. Take back as a consequence of slow sales in that segment, even though it is got outstanding. I would have said if you didn't have COVID, you would have had the same level of earnings, they would have just come a different way. But with that, let me give it to Christophe. I mean, he knows the Industrial business and Healthcare and Life Sciences is also performing quite well.
Christophe Beck: Good. Thank you. So, David, if you comment so on the on the very good progression in margin, which is, by the way a continuation of what we've seen as well, prior to Q2, not that the same level. It is true that almost half of the improvements are has been driven by variable cost. So travel and entertainment and commission bonus, those traditional things, obviously that happen when people travel less, and sail less is what same time. But the true formula for the margin improvement in Industrial is the outcome of many years as well of work. If you've seen the pricing, it is close to 2%. We were 3% or so a year or two ago, and leading towards probably more to the one so in the future, which is our steady course. But having 2% in an environment like that is quite remarkable. And in how do we get there? It is ultimately out of two main drivers, David. The first one is the type of innovation that we can provide, obviously to customers. They pay more and always more for products and programs that keep improving, and we invest a lot stuff for that. And second is the fact that we commit as well to our customers for operational improvement, our total cost of operation reduction. Basically saying if you work with us, your total cost is going to go down. And we take part of that improvement as well into our pricing. And the second driver is the fact that raw materials have been reasonably benign over the past quarter. So if you bring it all together that's driving good margins for Industrial. And the story is very similar in a different environment, especially in Life Sciences which is kind of an Industrial business as well so a similar approach, and Healthcare as well with pricing that's a bit lower than in Industrial, it is closer to one than the two in Industrial, but the formula is quite similar.
David Begleiter: Very helpful. And just on the new business wins you mentioned as a result of COVID-19, can you give a couple examples of exactly what those accounts were and how they progressed during this crisis?
Doug Baker: Yeah. We don't give names in haven't in the past. And I'm probably not going to set a new precedent today. I'll give you some examples or what drove it. I mean, one is a very large operator in the lodging environment. And this is a piece of business that we had been able to secure for honestly 15 years. And it was several things, but most notably, it was just this understanding of the capabilities that we had and the needs that they had and how important it was to partner with somebody who can help you through the most difficult challenges. And so I think it was this recognition. And I hope today, when the team shared with both Christophe and I that they had won this business because both of us have had our crack at running the Institutional business individually, we never got it done. But they did. And it was really a quite significant win. It was also a huge blow to a key competitor in a number of ways. There have been then many other instances of businesses that we haven't really been in that suddenly we have fairly large stakes going because of their need for disinfection at a different scale in a different way. And so what I mentioned earlier in my comments, large space disinfection. There is this need and clearly in many of our customers think hotels and others. And we've got technology to do that. But we also have a technology in Bioquell, which is an acquisition we made in the last 18 months, that enables us to do very unique things from a disinfecting standpoint very safely. And so that technology is now moving and expanding fairly aggressively out of its home environment, which was historically Life Sciences into new markets, who understand and see the need and are learning how this technology can help them disinfect when they have a contaminated site, do so quite safely, without any people involvement. So there's a number of these things that are occurring. It is not just occurring in our sphere, but that's why I say this market. So we're going to have some market changes and I think our $130 billion may turn into $140 billion. It is not like every markets going to go up equally x percent. You will have some markets that are a little impaired. But in total, in Healthcare alone, you've got a market that's going to probably triple and then settled down at doubling on a long-term basis. We're going to see hand sanitizer everywhere for a long period of time. In hand sanitizer, sales, if you can make it, you can sell it at this point in time. And so we know they're big changes and these changes are going to have lasting they're going to have legs going forward, maybe not at exact peak. But there is certainly going to be more sanitization, more concern, more awareness going forward. And we recognize that and we're making sure we're positioned to capitalize on it.
David Begleiter: Thank you very much.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Gary Bisbee with Bank of America.
Gary Bisbee: Hi. Thanks, guys. Interesting that you're targeting 20% increase in penetration I think that was related to Institutional clients, but maybe it was more broadly on the other side of this. And I guess can you help us understand what the components would be to deliver that? And really what I'm trying to think through is like how much larger can unit level sales be on the other side of this when customers are following a higher hygiene standard?
Doug Baker: The 20% I referred to the goal of increasing unit penetration was Institutional. I mean, everybody has a goal of increased penetration. And, I get asked the question a lot or have over the years, what percent of our growth do we want to come from new units are from penetration. Right now, in Institutional, we want a disproportionate coming from penetration. It is something we can control. It is stuff we can get after. You know that if you end up with larger penetration, you automatically start overwhelming all kinds of economics. If you in prove the shop per drop, I mean how much you're selling per service call, per delivery, per everything else, all the economics improve, it is sitting there. And I would say the team has got a very clear view of what needs to get done. So, certainly, Ecolab Science Certified is the umbrella idea under which it is going to help drive penetration. But the field technology also ultimately enables us for each call to identify every time one of our people pulls up to an account, what the opportunities are in that account, because it is tied to our ERP system. And so just being able to manage differently, how do we think about structuring our deals at the chains, how do we end up structuring our agreements, that distribution and how do we end up structuring our deal at the end unit in terms of encouraging more of our product and our sale. Now, this deal doesn't work if it doesn't work for the customer. So, this has to translate into customer benefit. You can't trick them. You've got to have a deal that, when they buy more from us, they're going to have cleaner outcomes and better operating income as a consequence of this, which is just what Christophe described in Industrial. It is the promise we've been delivering in Institutional for years, but it is reengineering that program specifically around a greater array of products and programs to deliver that of common food service and lodging.
Gary Bisbee: Okay. If I could just follow up on the earlier question on margins at Health and Life Sciences and Industrial. I understand the drivers of discretionary costs being a portion. But as we think of the next few quarters do some of those costs, come back in or anything to help us understand how those could -- I mean Health and Life Sciences up 800 to 900 basis points. It is just a massive move. Right? Should we think that spending comes back in? Any color would be helpful.
Doug Baker: I mean Life Sciences. I mean, it is a little bit of a magic. You saw the other side of it, when you're up 50%, good things happen. A lot of money flows through. When you're down 50% I guess we prove this quarter, bad things happen in the opposite. So, I think Life Sciences has been a profitable business will remain a quite profitable business. We would not say that that's our terminal run rate, the 50 top line or the 800 basis points at the below. But what we do know in Life Sciences, they got very good momentum, a lot of very smart new business programs that they're driving. They've had a few one offs here as a consequence of some of the Bioquell sales that we've had that we don't believe repeat long term. But with that said they're going to have very healthy growth. On the Industrial side, I'll give it to Christophe to answer it.
Christophe Beck: Thanks, Doug. So, Gary, what's important to look at a little bit pre-COVID as well. So the evolution that we've had. This is the type of underlying margin improvement that we're going to continue to see. Yes, you're right, the discretionary spend is going to go up as people start to travel again, not as much as before, but it is going to be variable. So, it is going to go up. But at the same time, the leverage as well, the volume leverage in our operations is going to improve because that was a negative during that time. And ultimately, it is important to keep in mind, so these pricing momentum that we have between these 1% and 2%, which has been so positive for a very long time. And we have no intention to see drop below zero for sure. So it is to keep it so between one and two. So as long as we can get that in that raw material has remained so as they are now, the leverage and the discretionary will compensated for itself, which will lead to similar type of improvement, we had pre-COVID.
Gary Bisbee: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Ryan Connors with Boenning & Scattergood. Please, proceed with your question.
Ryan Connors: Great. Thanks for taking my question today. It is big picture question. And I really wonder, whether you can talk about the big picture of the federal response to COVID. I mean, obviously the shock that we saw from the Fed and from Congress was really key to stabilizing things in particular for many of your Institutional customers. But there seems to be an emerging debate about the unintended consequences of that and how that subverts the natural creative destruction and the calling of the herd, so to speak. So what are your thoughts on that in terms of how that impacts your industry and your business? Both in terms of competitors, who made have been priced based competitors who would have been vulnerable, but now they can hang around through PPP money or whatever, and they don't become acquisition opportunities or they don't maybe go away. And then also in terms of customers, are there small mom and pops that compete with your strategic accounts that maybe would have gone away that now will hang around and prevent your strategic accounts from gaining share?
Doug Baker: Yes. Well that is a big question. I would say this. Were going to take a lot of the early federal response was frankly much more right than wrong, i.e. fund the businesses and they get to keep the funds as long as they keep employing folks. I mean, if all you do is fund people, the problem is there's no employers left to reemploy them post event. And so I think they took a page, frankly, out of Germany when they went through the crisis back in the 2000. And I think it was a smart way to go. Hopefully there's more of that in tranche three. In terms of does it keep the walking wounded alive? I don't know. I think you're seeing a lot of people opening and really just opening to ultimately go bankrupt and to walk down. So I think you're going to see enough creative destruction as is the consequence of COVID in many industries, not just in food service and lodging, but retail and others as you go through. And so I think, the third tranche needs to go consider this. But the biggest driver I believe is really fear. And if you start looking at what's really going on and I alluded to this in China. So China has this under control in many respects, I mean, all the reported respects and you still don't have the same level of activity in retail or in dining or in travel. And that's not driven by government programs or anything else it is really driven by people's fear that they could contract COVID again and they are reluctance to do so. So the big thing that needs to happen, I mean, the government's got to do smart policy to figure out how they keep the economy moving and on life support at minimum, I agree with that. But we need a vaccine and we need better treatment, which is calm. But ultimately until I think communities feel confident that they can start gathering again, you're not going to see a normalization or a renormalization of the economy. You'll see recovery, but it is going to get stalled at x point. Now that's what I believe. So I think that's the big piece. So the government can do anything work and make sure the vaccination development is moving and that we are prepared to make billions of doses once it is available. So there you go.
Ryan Connors: That's really helpful perspective. Thanks for your time.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Chris Parkinson, with Credit Suisse.
Chris Parkinson: Great. Thank you. So, Doug, can you think of all $130 billion market at the end of 19, which will likely be bigger in the years to come. Can you speak to your assessment of your positioning for that growth? Is the focus still on a few key initiatives, just broad initiatives, such as enterprise selling and digitization and customer stickiness? Just trying to get sense of how you're rethinking or how you're further evaluating customer contract growth and the opportunity to expand there within.
Doug Baker: Certainly the ones you mentioned are remaining as top initiatives. I mean, the digital work that we've done, thank God we invested in digital the way we did. In any company that did has been really prospering as a consequence of this. And, I mean, when Christophe just walked through what's going on in Industrial, a lot of the stage has been set over the last several years where they've worked very hard to better wire customers remotely, and also equipped to field with technology that enabled them to provide services they couldn't before. Same is true in Institutional. We are doing amazing things remotely that we couldn't have done just two or three years ago. And the ability to do this has given us great advantage. I'd also say it is given us great insight as to where we need to continue to drive digital innovation. Innovation in antimicrobials, which has been a prime focus of ours for 15-years, where we identified we had a major role to be quite honest. That's proven to be invaluable. We have the best portfolio. We have new technology, Christophe just alluded to one. And we've got another launch coming up here in a week that really couldn't be better timed in terms of ease of use, simplification, chill breaths, and kill time. And so all these things matter terrifically as we go through. But value capture, making sure that we are able to articulate the benefits of buying from us, not only environmentally, operationally but economically. And the big advantage we have the way we go to market is while we create huge environmental sustainability benefits, we do it while simultaneously delivering huge economic benefits. So, when you get into rough economies, it is the reason we've historically continued to sell successfully. We may start talking about economic benefits in advance of environmental benefits, but they're of the same DNA in the way we go to market. And so we believe, ultimately, that is a pretty resilient way and operating model to execute, no matter what the environment is.
Chris Parkinson: Got it. And there's been a lot of focus, obviously, on some of the bigger areas and Institutional, full-service restaurants and lodging, etcetera. Based on how the strategies you articulated to me. Can you sit on, there are some other areas like facilities, long term care, and food safety had thrown their past and, Healthcare, I think you already spoke about a little bit? How are those turned in the back half the year because obviously, there's an argument that those will actually gain momentum versus some other businesses, which obviously will be more subjective to the actual, macro rebounds pre-vaccine? So, just what are your thoughts on that as well? Thank you.
Doug Baker: Our appetite and interest in the Institutional markets including some of the segments, you talked about catering as well as lodging as well as food service as well as long term care had anticipated one iota. So, you're going to be in remain huge opportunities. We have outsized advantage in those markets. We believe clearly that we will be setting record sales and ally in those markets in the years to come. So, they believe and we believe those are terrific opportunities for us. They are going through, like a legendary impact is a consequence of the pandemic. And we'll see this through they'll see it through. But I don't know this. This imagination that somehow nobody's going to be dining out any longer, long term, where it is literally a tradition that's thousands of years old and only built over time. I just don't buy. Do I think that lodging may take a while to recover? Yes, it is 7% of our portfolio as a company, right? We can overcome some dents in some parts of our portfolio. We have to deal with it all the time through these things. But every intention is being absolute laser focused in the Institutional market. We take our advantages here are going to grow not shrink.
Chris Parkinson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John McNulty with BMO.
John McNulty: Thanks for taking my question. You spoke in the beginning and in the release around the lever that you're pulling in terms of the equipment leasing. And now that should be a positive for you, as we look to 3Q. Are there other cost levers that you're actually looking at in terms of tailwinds that we might be able to think about as we go into 3Q or are you really just more focused about the service side. And at least for now the costs, maybe aren't as big of a focus.
Doug Baker: I think as I mentioned, I would say this, I think there's two if you're just looking at sequential. I mean, certainly there's a $37 million lease suspension costs that will not repeat in Q3. And the other is, inventories have been largely taken down in the Institutional business. We certainly wouldn't expect to see a repeat of a $45 million take down and distributor inventories in Institutional. And you've got the tailwind and Institutional of coming off the April lows, right, which progressively increased and improved through the quarter. So even if you just stall the June 30th, you'll have significantly better outcomes in Institutional as a consequence of that. So I mean, those are three factors. And then the other businesses we think there are similar tailwinds headwinds as you go through that quarter. New business has been productive and all of them, we would expect once we can get in and install to continue to see the benefits from that as the year progresses as well.
John McNulty: Got it. And then -- and maybe just a question, in the deck you have highlighted, on the full-service restaurant side about 80% are open, but they're operating at 50% dining capacity. I know your products aren't necessarily a one for one, but I guess how should -- if there's a restaurant, a typical full-service restaurant that you're servicing, and it is now running at 50% capacity, what does that mean for Ecolab products? Again selling more to them or what have you in terms of targeting them for different avenues? Like how should we think about how much of a step down that would actually be?
Doug Baker: Yeah, it'd be less than 50%, call it 65%, 70% percent of sales, if you had 50% less business or like a 30% hidden sales roughly. You've got, just turning on the dish machine and running it all day consumes chemical. You got to clean the kitchen at the end of the day, whether you serve one meal or 1,000 meals. So there's a number of fix pieces, but a big piece is obviously variable. If you're not dirtying tables, you don't have to clean them. If you're not dirtying table claws, you don't have to clean them. If you don't have many dishes, you don't run the dishes at the same rate. But it is not a one to one on the way down.
John McNulty: Got it. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Thanks and hi everyone. A couple of quick ones for me, just maybe to close the loop on Institutional by add back suggested the inventory additionally saying. And presumably a good portion of bad debt expense that theoretically gets me to a base level of earnings in the second quarter. And then if I think about adding volume back in the third quarter. Just trying to understand what the incremental margin should be on the volume that comes back sequentially?
Doug Baker: Would you just send Mike your spreadsheet?
Vincent Andrews: [Indiscernible].
Doug Baker: Exactly. Look I can put it this way. If it is more than a lie that falls down, I don't know you'll give me a specific percentage. I don't know everything that you've moved in there. I mean, you got components of it. It would be part of the total. So I think it is not safe for me to go give you like a specific percentage on that type of question. I apologize.
Vincent Andrews: No worries. We'll beat Mike up on it later. And then it just as a follow up. Just on the working capital, obviously, you talked about what happened in inventory. But receivables and payables, you didn't make much progress on in the second quarter. I'm just wondering, if there's a plan for that in the back half or we should just assume current percentage rates?
Doug Baker: Dan, answer this.
Dan Schmechel: Yes, sure. Thank you. So let's talk about it maybe in part. So on the accounts receivable. The total number didn't change dramatically. But there was a lot of kind of dynamism. I guess, if you look at what drove it. So unquestionably, we saw increased aging of the accounts receivable portfolio as customers paid more slowly. Some of that likewise was behind the increased calculation of accrued bad debt expense, which we've noted. We got a big benefit, though. I mean, the sales start to come down, you get a significant volume favorability in accounts receivable. So although it didn't look in on a net basis, like it was a very exciting space, it was when you looked into the details of it. And let's just say, we've talked at length about expectations of volume and where we think we are in the recovery. From a rate perspective and our collection efforts, I will say again, what I said on the first quarter call, which is, I think we're all over it. Look, we've made, and think about this lease billing decision that we made. We have made concessions to customers where we think that they were smart and necessary. They were predicated on customers who agreed to be current. And which is an important point to be made similarly, just to be very blunt, we expect to be paid for the value that we provide. And so what you will see going forward in the third quarter, for example, my expectation is that as volume ramps that will consume cash in the receivable base and that will be partly offset by our continuing effort to collect and to improve the performance of that portfolio from a rate basis. On the payable side, look, it is a much smaller cash flow to begin with. I think that we did the right things similarly to stretch the payments as we had the opportunity to do it. We want to be good customers for essential providers at the same time. So the net of it all is I think that we've been responsible, prudent, fair minded, and fair to our customers and to our vendors at the same time.
Vincent Andrews: Very clear. And I agree very fair. Thank you for your response.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Hi, thank you for taking my questions. Hey Doug, are you seeing any difference in the appetite for hospitals to do more program buying? That was always an issue in terms of the Healthcare growth, but that was just a change for the way that they were always looking for the lowest cost. You guys sell on the best value overall. With what you're selling and your ability to service some of the stuff and just the increased interest in hygiene and sanitation. Is that changing the mentality over there or is it too early to tell?
Doug Baker: Well, I think it is too early to tell, like, as COVID changed. And I will say this pre COVID we're having more success driving programs. They continue to grow faster than the business underlying business rate even now. But a lot of that is because of programs that we put in place, right, as we went in pre-COVID. I guess what we believe in the Healthcare, the acute care space in particular is certainly their sensitivity to hygiene is at all-time high. And we do not believe it falls to pre-COVID levels post COVID, that it too, with heightened hygiene awareness standards and frankly, we'll be spending more on outcomes. We think all of that is a positive for us going forward. I would also say, I mean, our team, as you recall, we had a recall that was in December of last year in our European business or on U.S. business. And that team did a great job working through their recall, getting back to and frankly accelerating production levels beyond what they had pre-recall and getting through all the government expectations and moving forward. And what we've seen is I would say great appreciation from our Healthcare customers, because we're able to meet their needs. I think a larger appetite for better technology as we move forward. And if you really are spending more in hygiene, you're going to even be more concerned about doing it wisely, which benefits program selling.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay, great. Just for my follow up, can you talk about how broad based the pricing was, just 2% pricing in this environment seems really good. And if you could talk about, what the different puts and takes were around that?
Doug Baker: Yes. I mean we had 2% in our Institutional segment, reporting segment 2% and our Industrial segment. Healthcare was as I think already mentioned, around half that rate as we went forward. Life Sciences was around 2%. So, it is pretty widespread. As we've talked, we expect this if raw materials remain benign, which is probably more likely than not given just Industrial situation globally. This probably moves down to 1% over a period of time, but we don't like zero or negative.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Thank you.
Operator: Next questions is from the line of Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks. Good afternoon. First one for me with regard to CapEx. You mentioned a quarter ago, you cut that by about 50%. This year, just curious how you're trending and the founder. And I think it was one of the supplementary pieces that you anticipate cash flow to net negative this year. So, just wondering how you're thinking about that in that context and how you're progressing on that new plan? Thanks.
Doug Baker: I would say two things. We ended up in the quarter to be it down about, I don't know 35% versus last year, and more like 40% to 45% of plan. So, what happened was, honestly, there's a number of good ideas and as learn things and we wanted to invest in them. And our cash flow in the quarter was proven to be better than, let me just say some of our most severe models for sure. And we're quite confident we will be successful with positive cash flow through the balance of the year each quarter. So, we're through what we believe is likely going to be the biggest stress test on cash flow being this quarter, given the dramatic decline in Institutional sales, particularly in April. And then the ramp back that we've talked about. Going forward on capital. Capital is going to be down year on year. Let's just assume it is in the same level, because we've already approved a number of what I would call we think smart investments. And what we don't want to do is under invest in this business, given our optimism for what post COVID world looks like. And we don't want to be sitting there flat footed one of the curves. One of the huge advantages we have versus competition, we've been out investing them. I think we've been out innovating them. And we want to continue that plan because this type of stress makes people pull back. Some don't have any choice because they will have negative cash flow given, if you will customer portfolio much different than ours. And as a consequence, we want to take full advantage of being positioned to meet customer needs going forward with the innovation they need post COVID.
Scott Schneeberger: Right, thanks. Appreciate that. And then a quick follow up to pick up on something you'd mentioned earlier, Doug, and you kind of left off. You talked about Bioquell is obviously mentioned as a lead driver in the quarter in Life Sciences. And you said that it is transferable to a lot of other end markets and uses. I was just curious if you take that a little bit farther. Anecdotally, I've heard that, people have stayed in hotels, and had something that they perceived as similar to what I perceived to be. And they said that made them feel very comfortable in the COVID environment. So, I'm just curious how broad or what type of potential tam that could be relative to the pre-COVID world? Thanks.
Doug Baker: I'll answer it broadly I mean, will it be exactly Bioquell technology or other technology that way after space disinfection, I'd say, time will tell. We're doing a lot of work on both. But certainly the Bioquell specific technology has applicability outside of its typical or legacy hold market of Life Sciences. We've already seen it used broadly in Healthcare. We've seen it used and we've got inquiries in a number of Institutional markets in other places. And so I don't want to get into specifics and customers and everything else. But it is fairly broad. But we also have other technologies that we think may play a role in some of these markets still. There would be potentially less expensive to use in smaller spaces than Bioquell. And so we know it is not going to be a singular answer, but it is going to be a broader answer. And I think the team's been very smart. We have a lot of individual initiatives. And we're working to tie it together to make sure that we have a collective view of what's available around the company to go meet these needs. But to us, it spells thrill and significant opportunity going forward.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jeffrey.
Laurence Alexander: Hello. Two quick questions. The first on the Institutional margins. Can you get back to the 2018 levels? [Indiscernible] can you get back to that?
Doug Baker: Yes, I would say I don't think we've seen our peak margin in Institutional. Right? I mean, we're not going to get back there this year. That's for sure. And it is going to take a while to go march back there. But there's nothing I know that says that Institutional has the ability to set record sales, record margins, record income levels going forward.
Laurence Alexander: But I guess what I'm trying to get at is can you get to the same margin as last year at a lower sales run rate than last year? Or do you need to get back to within 5% or so to get the same margin?
Doug Baker: I'll answer a theoretical question with a theoretical answer. And I don't mean to be cute on this. Some of this in what we've been doing is making sure we understand what the situation is going to look like in our markets. Before we take real action. Now we're doing a bunch of things to equip our businesses to be much more agile in the field. And I talked about field technology and the acceleration that we're doing in Institutional, as we've done in Industrial and other places, this gives us the ability to do a number of things. But if you wanted a theoretical and you told me that I was going to live in a world with less units, okay, if I sell more per unit, I will make more money. And I don't need to get exactly to the same level of sales, simply because everything I do becomes more efficient. So there's always ways to engineer the business, if you will, to overcome whatever it is that the world is going throw at you. What we need to make sure we understand is, what is it that the world's throwing at us? What is the market change? We have a lot of guesses out there, but what we want to watch and make sure we understand it and we will design to win in that market. So we could do it with less volume and make the same amount of money, which would be a higher margin. You can't do it at half the volume, but you could certainly do it at any normal expected, potential pain you might realize post COVID for a short period of time or even a couple of years.
Laurence Alexander: Then I guess in that context, can you talk a little bit about what you've seen in the Chinese recovery? What you've learned? And so is that where you started to sort of narrow down the guesswork, so to speak?
Doug Baker: Yes, the reason is, I'll say what we've seen. I mean, we've seen recovery, we haven't seen exactly the same volume per unit. So we're adding units. I mean, the big difference between the Chinese market and the U.S. market for us is just share. And so we're solving a lot of the problems there because we do know the lay of land. We got really small share and we need to grow it. So we're adding new customers. And I would say the environment lends itself to that because of, what I would say, our reputation capabilities, et cetera, are lending themselves and playing well in that given environment. But that's going to be a little different situation than you would have in North America where you may have higher share in a more fully developed market. And there we may have to call a different play depending on where we think the market settles. We have a better idea today than we did three months ago. But we will know a lot more in three months than we do today. And what we want to make sure we do is the right move. And we are doing the right steps to enable the few moves we think are going to be possible and probable, but being premature on this thing, we think would be a mistake.
Laurence Alexander: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with G.research.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Doug, while we are looking at Institutional business, not growing at 5% obviously anytime soon, at least I don't think so. How much of an improvement do you require in terms of hotel occupancy in order to actually return to being flattish? And if they operate at 40% capacity utilization or occupancy rather, can you -- do they don't inflate all of the wood in one particular corner and therefore they only clean 40% of that facility?
Doug Baker: Well, there's not an easy answer, like 59%. I would say, I think two things are going on. Certainly there's been temporarily demand destruction in the lodging and dining markets. I mean, it is nothing disputable. And now part of that has also been overcome by increased spend within these places on hygiene. So if you walk into a hotel today, you are going to see and Christophe alluded to this, we talked about the Ecolab Science Certified program, part of what people want to do is they want to see clean. So interestingly, where before people would hide cleaning public areas from the public and not do it until off hours, they're now doing it 24 hours. They want the public to see this happening. And they're increasing cleanliness frequency in virtually every part of the establishment. So that's going to if you will mean you can get back to same sales at lower occupancy. What that exact math is, I mean, we're all learning. I mean, we're literally weeks into this thing as we go through there. With that said, we saw better recovery in U.S. lodging in the second quarter than I would have guessed going in. And it was quicker in some regards in other markets, which is an interesting outcome. And so we'll all watch this, but we don't need to get back to the same exact level that have the same if you will spend per location.
Rosemarie Morbelli: And then looking you are emphasizing hospital grade infections. But as we all know, and as you know about hospitals, your hospital experience, if they are not used properly, it really doesn't matter what they use. So, are you training them? Is there some kind of a certification? And would you be held responsible if you certify that what they are doing is going to end up with a clean area?
Doug Baker: Yeah, absolutely. And all I've Christophe give some color. A key component of the Science Certified program is in unit training of employees. And some of this is going to be done through Lobster type technology and much of it like it is done historically it is also in-person training and development. But you're absolutely right. I mean, if you don't take a disinfectant out of the bottle, it doesn't kill any germs. So you need to do it properly. The advantage we have with our accelerated kill time, is it is much less sensitive to procedure. If you have 4-minute requirement for dwell time, that is a huge training obstacle. Because it is not natural, it is not what we do. People don't spray things and leave them on there for 4 minutes to kill. It is just not what we all believe, is necessary. Even though it is actually the requirement. And I can ask Christophe to get more color, if he wants to, around some of the training and certification efforts around Science Certified.
Christophe Beck: So the idea of Science Certified is really that you get audited at the end. And we know that it is a point in time. We should be going every day in order to make sure that everything is right. But we want to make sure it is like in a company if the accounting standards have been defined what you expect the people to follow them and then to audit them. That's a little bit of the same approach in a more volatile world, obviously, so in the kitchen and in a restaurant. But it is really defining with them, what are the standards? What are the protocols? How do we train the people? What are the programs? And as Doug mentioned, so we're trying to have programs as simple to use as we can with the maximum impact in terms of kill time, and in terms of efficacy as well. And at the end of the day, so to have these audits. And at the same time, as well being our territory managers who is coming regularly, in that restaurants are to make sure that things are being done the right way. So it is really protecting the unit with the right procedures and at the same time with Ecolab Science Certified is that you will see on the door that the guests coming in, get some level of comfort as well with this see clean versus just to feel clean.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Okay. That's it.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Andrew Wittmann with Baird.
Andrew Wittmann: Thanks. My questions have been asked and answered.
Operator: The next question is from the line of P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
Eric Petrie: Hi Doug. It is Eric Petrie on for PJ. How often do contracts come up for renewal and Institutional market? And in terms of your new business wins are customers more willing to source incremental products from Ecolab or is there still mentality to diversify supply?
Doug Baker: I would say there hasn't been more one than the short answer is. I mean they're anywhere from three to five years on average, our contracts. I don't ask investors to take a lot of comfort there, we don't. I mean, if a customer wants to leave us because we're poor performing, then we do not sue. I mean there's a few exceptions if we have capital upfront and do some other things. And we have spelled out requirements, but we operate like every one of these contracts has renewed every day. It is the only way that you continue to grow share in these industries. I would say customers, typically I mean, we have very good penetration in a number of our chains, wide and deep. And so there is not, I would say a built-in reluctance in the industry to do this. I think what we need to do is continue to sharpen the way we articulate the benefit of doing it, of having the product portfolio are because in every chain there's always a gap or two. So every place we go, we know we can sell more as we do it. But it is not a simple thing, they have this purchasing mandate of having two suppliers. That's not the situation we see. We address security supply, which is a very real and valid concern by making sure that we manufacture in multiple sites, that we have multiple avenues to supply customers even when we're in sole supply. So they can't be victimized by a bad event, say unfortunate hurricane or tornado or some other natural disaster that knocks them out and us.
Eric Petrie: And my follow up question, how many customers in the Institutional business currently use the hospital grade disinfectant and where do you see the market opportunity to grow that to and related, would you see a mixed benefit?
Doug Baker: Yes, I would see the roots of the disinfectants we use in those businesses are hospital. I mean, one of the real advantages we've had being in the healthcare market is you see the emerging pathogens first there. And so you learn how to treat them and deal with them and then it helps you as they start migrating and other institutions around the world. So the base is there. But as Christophe alluded to in a recent launch and I talked about earlier, we have several new very important developments in that space that is just in the process of rolling out, which enables us, I think, to help customers have more resilient programs because the kill time is faster. So it is less procedure-sensitive. So those things are just starting to roll out literally now.
Eric Petrie: Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: At this time, we've come to the end of our question and answer session. And I'll turn to floor back to Mike Monahan for closing comments.
Mike Monahan: Thank you. That wraps up our second quarter conference call. This conference call and associated discussion slides will be available for replay on our website. Thanks for your time and participation and best wishes for the rest of the day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-28 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ecolab First Quarter 2020 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mike Monahan. Thank you, Mr. Monahan. You may now begin.
Mike Monahan: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's first quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO; Christophe Beck, our Chief Operating Officer; and Dan Schmechel, our Chief Financial Officer. A discussion of our results, along with our earnings release and the slides referencing the quarter's results and our outlook are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements on these materials stating that this teleconference and the associated supplemental materials include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described under Risk Factors section in our most recent Form 10-K and in our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with an overview of the results, adjusted earnings per share grew 10%, reaching the upper end of our forecast range. Results reflected good underlying sales growth, pricing and cost controls, which yielded the first quarter's earnings increase. COVID-19 netted to a modestly negative impact on sales, but a minor benefit to earnings from cost controls. Acquisition-adjusted fixed currency sales increased 2%. The institutional and Healthcare and Life Sciences segment showed good sales growth, which more than offset a 3% decline in Upstream Energy. Excluding the Upstream Energy segment, Ecolab's acquisition-adjusted fixed currency sales increased 3%. Adjusted fixed currency operating income rose 12% with operating margins expanding 110 basis points. Pricing, improved volume growth and cost savings initiatives more than offset investments in the business and other selling-related expenses during the quarter. Progress continues on the separation of our ChampionX business. We continue to expect the transaction to be completed by the end of the second quarter. Ecolab's leading capabilities in food safety, clean water and healthy environments have positioned us well as an effective partner in this world crisis. And we've responded aggressively to the pandemic. As more fully outlined in our March 25, COVID-19 webcast, we have taken a broad and further bolstered our already strong financial position and cash flows. At the same time, we are working aggressively to safely assist our customers, providing them important product, service and consulting support that they need to keep their operations safe and functional for the present and have them well prepared for when they reopen. We are also preparing growth plans to aggressively drive new business gains as the recovery develops. As previously communicated, the uncertain outlook regarding the full extent of the pandemic's impact on the global economy and its longevity do not provide an adequate basis for us to provide either quarterly or annual earnings forecast. As a result, our forward-looking guidance remains suspended. 2020 represents an anomalous period of unprecedented proportions. As the world navigates the challenges from COVID-19, our food safety, water management and infection protection positioning have become even more relevant. Our long-term growth opportunity remains robust, driven by our leading market positions, our focus on providing our strong customer base with improved results, while lowering their water, energy and other operating costs and our huge remaining market opportunity. Further, our financial position is strong with ample liquidity and resilient free cash flow. We believe looking beyond the near-term uncertainty and focusing on these sustainable long-term business drivers will yield superior long-term performance for Ecolab and for our investors. And now here's Doug Baker with some comments.
Doug Baker: Thanks, Mike, and good day to everybody. So, I'll just offer some comments on Q1 and a bit of perspective on 2020. So, our Q1 adjusted EPS results were better than expected, as we realized expected business acceleration versus Q4, the COVID-19 impacts were different than we anticipated. COVID-19 did negatively impact sales but also drove lower expense in T&E, benefits and other costs, which more than offset the sales impact. But this is not a pattern we see going forward. We know the coming COVID-19 period will be more adverse. But importantly, we entered this period in a position of strength. The business and company are in very good shape. We've got a great, very experienced team that's been through crisis before. We've got a resilient business model that generates cash regularly, and we have a strong balance sheet and cash reserves. So all of this is important as we expect the COVID-19 period to extend into 2021, and we believe the recovery will be shaped more like a U than a V. Finally, we also believe that COVID will have a significant impact on our business, short term, quite negative, but longer term, quite positive. So our guiding principle is really manage the short term in a way that positions us for maximum long-term benefit. That's where the value is. So, we've already taken a number of steps to do this. We created a cash reserve backstop. We cut expenses. We put in hiring freezes, eliminated merit increases, et cetera. We've also cut capital by 50% versus our budget, but preserved digital antimicrobial and hygiene tech investments as they were. Now, these are detailed examples of steps we've taken and how our approach of managing the year to maximize our post COVID potential shows up. But let me offer some perspective on the year in the future. So first, 2020. Like it seems everything is with COVID, the outcomes are going to be asymmetrical. We have businesses having record years or that we expect to have record years like F&B, Food Retail, Healthcare and Life Sciences. But we also have businesses competing in markets that have been virtually shut down, like Institutional, with restaurants, hotels, cruise lines, et cetera, really not in business in a material way. So, in total, the net impact of the pluses and minuses of these groups of businesses will be negative for the year on both top and bottom line, and we've signaled that previously. The timing impact over the course of the year, though, is going to be imbalanced, too. Q2, we believe, is going to be the most impacted quarter as we realize both the full effects of COVID-19 volume declines, driven by these temporary closures in key markets. Plus, we're also going to be realizing channel destocking at the same time. However, we expect Q3 and Q4 to start showing sequential recovery from Q2. This recovery during the second half will be driven certainly in part by reopenings, but also by expected increased demand for hygiene programs. Now, we're already seeing this across industries like F&B, Food Retail and even in traditional industrial settings, where we hadn't had this type of demand before. The recovery will be further driven by a number of our own initiatives that we already have underway. Look, we're feeding and fueling segments with momentum, F&B, FRS, Healthcare and Life Sciences. We're adding people, investing in capital, doing all the things that we need to do to build on that momentum. We're launching new offerings, particularly in hand care and sanitizer categories. And we're developing new applications for a powerful Bioquell system. Three, we're maintaining growth investments in animal health and data centers, which we have seen as great growth opportunities before COVID, and they remain great growth opportunities. And finally, we're actively pursuing new strategic customers. This is a great time to continue to talk about the benefits that we bring in good and difficult times. Now all of this represents what we call the early-stage development for the world after COVID. Our business will certainly be pressured this year, but we'll continue to generate positive cash flow and gain share throughout the year. We believe our clear leadership in hygiene, antimicrobial, digital, lowest use cost delivery; environmental offerings will be even more valued after the pandemic has passed. And a number of important factors we believe will remain true. We will still chase a huge market. We will still have a sizable competitive advantage. One might argue that our competitive advantage will be improved. We're in better shape than most of our competitors to handle a situation like this. We will have great customer relationships as we demonstrate we're the right partner, particularly when the going gets tough, then we will have answers for water scarcity, which will still be a huge issue. And finally, our ESG advantages will remain significant and important. But we also believe that, there's going to be new transformational opportunities as customers and communities' expectations evolve. And this is where we will put extraordinary time and effort as we move through this year. We see building an even broader and more robust set of annuity businesses as the highest priority for the year. This is what we've got to use this time to do. It's why we so firmly believe that managing through the short term in a way that positions us for maximum long-term benefit is the right play. So with that, I'll hand it back to Mike.
Mike Monahan: Thanks, Doug. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, please begin the question-and-answer period.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question is from the line of Tim Mulrooney with William Blair.
Tim Mulrooney: Good afternoon, Doug. If I could just build on that last comment you were making. If I could ask you to break out your crystal ball for a second, how are you thinking about what the world looks like a year from now? When all the governments and corporations have retooled their cleaning and sanitation programs and protocols, where's the puck going? And how are you positioning the company to best take advantage of this likely increase in your value proposition?
Doug Baker: Well, I mean I guess early read is twofold. I mean, I think we're quite confident that there's going to be heightened awareness and sensitivity towards hygiene concerns by consumers, which ultimately is what's going to drive businesses to raise their standards. And so, I think we'll see this in a variety of ways. If you went back to some of the earlier almost pandemics, they caused many commercial buildings for the first time to put things like hand sanitizer in their lobbies. I would say that was a baby step to what we feel might be the potential here. I think consumer's going to be quite aware of surroundings. They're going to be quite sensitive to, are things actually clean? They're going to want visible signs, call it cleanliness theater. How does this show up? How does it manifest itself, et cetera, and this is going to be quite important to consumers. And it's a consequence to our customers. So that's obviously one big area. The other is we've all had this very different experience now with digital. And the interesting part is, so have our customers. And so while we've had big digital advantage, and I imagine we're going to ask questions about this, it has proven to be invaluable during this time because it allows us to provide service levels, awareness levels, maintenance, ongoing vigilance that you couldn't do if you were connected in the way we were. And some customers who I think were reluctant to the party in some industries, say even in the food and beverage industries have become real big converts. I think this is going to be true broadly, that the push that we have in digital is going to prove right and that we really do want to accelerate connectivity with our customers. We want to connect our supply chain in certain ways to customers. We want to make sure our field is adequately connected to us and to customers. And so a lot of this area, I think, is only going to become more important. I think we're all somewhat, maybe I am, surprised at how effective we are able to work remotely. But we're still only touching, I think, the tip of the iceberg there. And as we get this connection, I think our value, our know-how value, our unique information stream value, our potential AI value, all gets heightened even further because we've got a great amplifier for it. And then there's a lot that we don't understand yet that's going to, I think, reveal itself over the coming months. And that's exactly how we're approaching this. We have confidence in a few things. And we are watching and learning aggressively in other areas, because I think this will reshape society, I think, in mostly positive ways. It's a very terrible thing to go through. But how it comes and manifest itself can be very important. And in a couple of areas, we're quite confident it's going to be quite positive for us.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. Thank you. My second question is on raw materials. And I mean, this was years ago. I think I remember you saying that if oil ever broke $20, you'd hedge it out as long as you could. And I mean that was a different time and things are moving fast here. But what is your long-term view on the price of oil? And might the company get more aggressive with hedging right now? And are there issues with finding counterparties in this environment? Thank you.
Doug Baker: Well, I have the great benefit of a lousy memory. So I have plausible deniability about everything I would hedge oil if we got below $20, which doesn't mean it didn't happen. It just means I have no recollection. So here's what I would say. We don't take hedge positions like that. For the simple reason, nobody buys our stock, because they think we'd be any good at this. And we'll hedge transactions, which are known and specific and discrete with discrete timing, but that's really the extent of it. And if we start straying there, would you just kick us, because that's not what we're about. What we're about is creating great programs, meeting customer needs and creating value that way. In terms of crystal ball, I mean, obviously, I don't have one. When it comes to oil and some of the other stuff, I would just say this too, I don't believe this is the end of cycles in the oil business. That's a very hard call. You can see how sensitive it is in terms of there is inventory space for the top, which is why it moved so radically when supply and demand moves. Now normally, supply and demand moves by like a point or two during a recessionary period. And here we've had oil fall in demand by 17% in April. I mean, it's unparalleled. So I think we're going to go watch it and understand it, but we are going to take hedge positions because we know we'll likely get it wrong over time.
Tim Mulrooney: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you. Good afternoon. Doug, you gave some color, obviously, in terms of the segments that are moving up and those that obviously been hit hard. I was hoping if you could maybe give some color on what the exit rates look like in the month of April thus far just to get some gauge of what that looks like?
Doug Baker: Yes. I mean, I would say what we've seen in April was very similar to what we expected to see. Now your disadvantage is you didn't know what we expected. But it's along the lines that we just talked about. The businesses that look like we're going to be advantaged because of the shift from restaurants to food retail, you would expect our Food Retail business to have increased sales as the grocery stores are working very hard to increase hygiene standards to protect their workers and their consumers even in an environment where it's a pickup situation. And so we've certainly seen that play out in increased demand for that business. This shift also causes big changes in shifts within the food and beverage industry itself as they've got to change pack sizes to more consumer-oriented from food service-oriented pack sizes, et cetera. And those shifts have also driven demand as has heightened hygiene for their workers to make sure that they can continue to create a safe environment for workers and continue to operate. So I'd say -- and then healthcare is obvious and those demands are obviously around antimicrobials in particular, in hand care and like stuff that you would expect. That's offset somewhat by the fact that in the U.S. in particular, elective surgeries have been frozen. And so we've got part of our Healthcare business with huge upswing in demand in part with significant downswing. With that said, the net in Healthcare is a net positive as we go through. And then Life Sciences. So Life Sciences was doing well pre-COVID, continues to do quite well. And then Bioquell, an acquisition that we made a little over a year ago, which has hydrogen peroxide technology that's basically listed enables us to do a number of things that we couldn't do before and that are quite important right now to customers. So they're getting the experience at the technology because of unique needs, but we believe that experience is going to leave -- we're watching it, is going to lead to permanent use of this technology as we go forward. And then on the downside, you know where restaurants are and hotel occupancy and the like. Cruise lines are all docked. They're not consuming much right now. So 30% of our business is going to be under real significant pressure, particularly in the second quarter, where you have most of these restaurants down. There will be some opening as we move through the summer, I don't think all of them in one rush. But we know the second quarter is the most acute quarter because you compound that with distributors having to reduce inventories as a result of their demand being down, et cetera, it's kind of the double whack, if you will. And with this, when you have reduced demand like this, suddenly, you get significant, right, fall-through to profit because in this case, we're like at a 50-50, if you will fixed variable because you can't move quickly and find some of the variable costs. So the second quarter is going to be the quarter that gets most of the bad news, if you will as a consequence of COVID.
Manav Patnaik: Got it. And maybe just as a quick follow-up to that. In terms of the most impacted sectors to the negatives that you referred to, just some thoughts on what you're hearing from them kind of what the Main Street view is versus Wall Street today feeling pretty optimistic things are opening up. Just curious, if you had any comments there?
Doug Baker: I guess, we're watching what's going on around the world. And so look, in the United States, you're going to have very different, I think, pattern, simply because the governors seem to have much more the steering wheel here. And they're not going to act in one fashion. And probably appropriately, they've got very different situations by state. You got very different density in some states than others. And so I think you're going to see different reopening patterns emerge as you walk through here. We've seen what Atlanta's doing. They're moving early. They're getting criticized for it. I'm not going to -- I think moving a day late, it's smarter than moving a day early, honestly, in this situation. But they're doing what they're doing. And so, it's not completely predictable in the U.S., but I would guess that you're going to start seeing some areas reopening and allowing restaurants to reopen. And then what I think you're going to see govern is consumer behavior. So if you go to China; and China has reopened restaurants. And restaurant volume has picked up from the low, but it's nowhere near where it was because until we have, I think, security that we know how to treat the disease, step one, and then ultimately, we have a vaccine for the disease, I don't think you're going to see fear abate to a point where people revert completely back to pre-COVID norm. It wasnt just similar in 9/11. So if you went through 9/11, which was a fear event, travel got stopped for a period of time. We opened up within months. But it took two years for airline boardings to equal pre-9/11. Why? Because it took a while for people there to feel comfortable that probably the government had this under control going forward. I think this will be more binary in terms of if there's a vaccine, people's comfort level will move up. And I think you'll see a reversion back to mean fairly short order is my estimation. But until then, I think it's going to be a slow ramp-up as people reopen, consumers become somewhat comfortable they can do this safely, and that's just going to take time.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Gary Bisbee with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Gary Bisbee: Thanks. Yes. How do you see your role in business reopening? There's been a number of outsourced services firms calling out the big opportunity to help with cleaning, disinfection, test and other things to get -- whether it's a restaurant or an office building. I would think your pest business could benefit. Maybe there's some onetime sales of chemicals are more than they'd normally buy. Is this a real opportunity at some point over the next few quarters? Or in the grand scheme of what you do, do you not see that as a huge -- a big potential for you?
Doug Baker: Well, I think certainly, we are well aware of the reopening, I'd say, challenges and opportunities that all of our customers face. They've got to start-up these operations again. They've got to do it in a manner that's somewhat different from the way they were operating before because of consumer expectation and real health concerns. And so we are, obviously, doing a lot of work in this area to make sure that we can provide the help our customers expect from us. Yes, I mean, certainly, whenever you have sort of the reverse case, I'm making here, which is when you're going down like this, down in demand so suddenly because it's really brought on artificially as a consequence of municipal shutdowns, you also have not only the lost demand but the lost inventory. And when they start back up, there's obviously going to have to be inventory pick back up. There's going to be kind of heavy clean work early before they get to more normal patterns. So there will be somewhat of the reverse as you go through this process. But I don't believe this is going to be one day that this occurs across the United States or across Europe. It's going to be a series of reopenings that I think are across a number of months. So I don't know that it's going to be a seminal event.
Gary Bisbee: Okay. And then the follow-up, just how are you thinking right now about the benefit from lower raw material prices? Obviously, oil has gone way down. Are you -- given the challenge a lot of your customers in, is there any thought process of sharing some of that or being accommodative on pricing for some period of time? Or are you likely to be able to flow much of that benefit through to your gross margins as you've done in past periods of lower oil prices? Thank you.
Doug Baker: Yes. No. I mean, our expectation is raw materials will be -- are going to be less this year than we had forecast going into the year, for sure. And as one of the reasons is oil price per year example. I would say that we're bearing a lot of cost beyond raw materials. I mean, one, just reduced volume in a plant environment never bodes well for gross margin, right? You've got a fixed asset or you've got some variable costs in manufacturing. There's also not insignificant fixed cost. And we've had to have a lot of special transportation needs because of this huge uptick in demand and sanitizers and the other things. And what we're doing is what's right for the customer as we go through this. So I don't expect this to turn into a big pricing event.
.: Think about the large hotel companies, small hotel companies, large restaurant group, small restaurant groups. And so we are actively working to do and take our role seriously as long-term partners who benefit in the good times and understand how we can help in difficult times around fixed fee arrangements, around some of the other stuff. How do we postpone and lengthen agreements and do things that may accentuate the short-term pain, but we think is exactly the right thing to do when you expect to be partners going forward for decades as well. So we're taking those steps, which is a little bit why some of the Q2 conversation. But I believe we are positioned smartly and intelligently to manage through this in a way that will maximize long-term gain for this company. And that's exactly what our mindset is.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
Katherine Griffin: Hi, there. This is Katherine Griffin on for David. Thanks for taking my question. So first off, on the COVID update call, you discussed seeing some improvement in China in March in Institutional customer activity, seeing that begin to improve, whether it was lodging occupancy improving. I'm curious if you've seen that trend continue so far in April?
Doug Baker: Yes. I would say our China -- China recovery is going to be up and down. And I think we said in March is going to be like a negative 9, it was actually better than that. So, we saw a continued recovery from our business in China, both on the Industrial and on the Institutional side of the business. What we see in Institutional, as I alluded to in a previous answer, was it's slow. It's moving. If you looked at the low point for lodging occupancy, it was certainly below 20. It's now around 35%. So, it's moving up, but not at a rapid pace. Let's just say it fell faster than it's moving up. Hence, my opening comment that we expect more of a U recovery than a V. I think there's a lot of reasons for that beyond just what we're seeing in China. On the foodservice side, you're seeing them back. In part is that China is still, while they say instances, they're being very cautious in terms of allowing complete freedom of the population because I think they're very weary of a double infection. And -- so this is the pattern that we're seeing, which colors the answers I gave or informs the answers I gave earlier. So yes, China recovery, still moving in the right direction. Sales are recovering in China a little faster than we said in our March 25 call, but more of the patterns the same than different.
Katherine Griffin: Great. Thanks. And for my follow-up question. So, you talked about the digital investments being directed in hand care and BioQuell. I'm also curious as you think about how to prioritize these investments, is it more to help, specifically for your Institutional customers meet their needs near-term or are you focusing those efforts more on kind of the long-term solutions you anticipate your customers might need? In other words, have you gotten a sense of how urgently and to what extend your customers are looking to adapt to a post-COVID-19 environment. You think if they're looking to just do simple dispensers or double down on purchases of disinfectants? Or do you think that there is urgency as early as this year to invest in more advanced solutions, maybe something more like what your BioQuell applications would be used for?
Doug Baker: Yes. So, Katherine, I would -- I'd say, well, it's a combination of both, to be honest. So, look, we're doing some work, and I'm going to have Christophe fill this in because he's leading the charge on the digital investment. I mean, there are near-in opportunities, but we believe they are long-term needs around digital training, for instance, and how we utilize that capability to enable large customers to open quicker and more effective ways, but also have a technology that will provide legs in terms of their ability to use it on a long -- on an ongoing basis. Other areas, its fuel connectivity and the like, but let me ask Christophe to speak to some of those.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Doug, and hi Katherine. So, thanks for the question. What's good with digital is that we remain very consistent in our focus, in our investments over the past few years. And it's just going to get accelerated now, but the direction doesn't change. Just as a reminder, our three big pillars in digital is first, to enhance the customer value. You can think about it like a hand care compliance in a hospital, making sure that the whole healthcare personnel is really so maximizing, so the protective measure that they can have with hand care products. Second is, really so to maximize our field impact, which is really to facilitating the work of our teams. And third, it's to improve our operational performance. Those are the three big strategic pillars that we've declared many years ago and that we've really remained focused on. And when we think in terms of alignment with what customers truly need, remote monitoring, as you've heard as well. The fact that in many place we cant even go in, even if they're operating. Well, the fact that we have the systematic center, we can provide service and value even if we're not there physically. The second one is automating as well also our customer processes. Well, that helps them reduce their costs while we're not there as well. But it can be, as well, the predictive analytics that we're doing so for regional disease, for instance, in here, whether that's reducing the risks as well for customers that truly need it now. And last but not least, our compliance, as mentioned. So, for instance, the hand care compliance program for hospitals that I mentioned earlier, while in this COVID environment, this is even more useful for our customers. And to take again to what Doug said a few minutes ago, well, the hygiene standards are going to go up in the next few quarters, few years. We believe how much we can debate that, obviously, while digital technology is going to help us, help our customers even more. So that would be my take.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of John Roberts with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
John Roberts: Thank you. I'm glad, you all sound well. Doug, some countries, Sweden, South Korea, Taiwan, have kept full serve restaurants open. Do you have any evidence yet of increased product use per location in any of those areas where full services stayed open?
Doug Baker: No. They're relatively small. What I would say is, we have a number of QSR restaurants open. We have restaurants open in other markets, where we've seen certainly heightened sanitizer sales, hand care sales in particular. And so that, in many cases, is even offset lower traffic.
John Roberts: Okay. And then propylene, surfactants and other chemicals are coming down. Do you think you'll get some help in the second quarter from lower raws? Or will you be buying so much less that it's going to take longer before you see the benefit of some of these lower raws?
Doug Baker: Yes. No, I mean, the lower raw costs, we would expect to have a benefit in Q2. But it's just going to be because of volume destruction in the Institutional business, in particular, which is short term, but acutely focused in Q2, is going to -- I mean, what that does to plant overhead absorption and the rest, that's going to be much more of the story.
John Roberts: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Chris Parkinson with Crdit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Parkinson: Great. Thank you very much. In terms of your supplemental commentary regarding Healthcare and Life Sciences trends, are your customers solely in reactionary mode still? Or are there already discussions on how to further develop their programs over the long term? So, basically, where do you believe you'll offer the most impact in terms of your Healthcare and BioQuell platforms? And on the former, how would you rank yourself in terms of the competitive environment? Thank you very much.
Doug Baker: Yes. I'll just offer a quick perspective then ask Christophe to comment. From a competitive environment, I think in these periods, I think you got to certainly watch your traditional competitors, I would say, there. If anything, this typically accentuates our strength; balance sheet, financial model, kind of, long-term management and scale. But you got to also make sure you're watching for new entrants, and maybe people enter in ways that they -- that previously didn't make much sense, but this opens the door. That's also true for us, by the way, entering, I would say, some new businesses. And then finally, I think I'd ask Christophe even to broaden it. I think there's a number of customers are in different places per your comment. Healthcare, I think, is an interesting question and then maybe comment on some of the other businesses. Even those who are going through the toughest times are certainly thinking ahead already and having conversations. Christophe?
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Doug. And hi Chris, maybe to you comment on reactionary versus proactive, especially so in hospitals, it clearly started as a reactionary mode because they got overwhelmed with so many patients so who came in the hospitals. And we've helped them as well with sanitizing programs that have been growing very fast. It's also helping them as well, disinfecting as well the PPE, the masks, as well in a hospital that was really -- so making sure that they could serve the most urgent needs that they have in hospitals as we've seen in media, obviously, over the past few weeks or months. Now it's shifting towards more proactive. And interestingly enough, well, it's coming back to the value that we've been offering. So for a long time, just as a reminder, what we do for hospitals is to help them prevent hospital acquired infections, which is obviously very aligned with what's happening in here. So the needs for those hospitals is growing. And once this tidal wave is a little bit of softening for them, we see really see hospitals to come back to us and really asking, how can we help them really reduce the infection risks are going forward. And if we move a little bit further away, so from our hospitals and think about hotels and restaurants, well, it's been a bit different, obviously, because they had the wave down where we helped them really so stay open as long as they could by providing them so sanitation programs as well, worked out quite well then closed. And then it's really so helping them down, thinking about how do reopen? What are the programs that they need? What are the products that they will require? We have done a lot of webinars as well where we had thousands of people as well joining to understand, so the background as well of COVID. How can it be dealt with? How can we live with it as well so going forward? And then it's really so training the people as well, taking that time as well, this kind of downtime as well in between, train our people, serving their people, training them as well. And last but not least, Chris, it's also to provide our audit services, which is ultimately making sure that everything that we've planned together to give to them has been truly delivered and really so closing the loop as such. So, kind of, very aligned with the value that we've been offering so far.
Chris Parkinson: Got it. Thank you. And just in your first quarter pest elimination results, you mentioned difficulties accessing customers for service, which I imagine is still ongoing. But do you ultimately believe pest will merge into one of the other kind of mega trends that you're seeing across water, hygiene, disinfectants, et cetera, just given the disease of all this component? Just wanted to hear what you're getting from your customers and how you see the global opportunity emerging versus, let's say, 2019 and prior years? Thank you.
Doug Baker: Yes, I'll quick answer. So the pest business, yes, I mean, the access reference was fundamentally, some of the buildings are just closed. And so that's created some access challenges. They're short term. That will abate. But we do not see any circumstance where pest services and our pest programs, in particular, are going to be less valued going forward. We think the opposite case is probably the better argument.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you and good afternoon, everyone. Maybe you could just talk a little bit about where you saw the very strong results in the first quarter. Do you have a sense of -- obviously, lots of stories across the universe of products being hoarded and so forth. Was there anything maybe beyond hand sanitizer that you guys sell-in to customers that you think might have been built-up substantially?
Doug Baker: Yes. Well, I'd say a couple of things. The quarter, we were going to have a great quarter before COVID. We ended up having good earnings. We talked that sales were modestly negatively impacted from COVID, but we were realizing the recovery in Institutional that we had predicted and in the other businesses are having a good quarter. Where we certainly saw heightened demand, even though we said there was some demand destruction in the first quarter as a consequence of COVID, certainly, hand sanitizers, surface sanitizers, really across Institutional and Healthcare, in particular, but also in F&B and in some of the other businesses where, I mean, the demand spikes fast. So, too, does a consumption, so we do not believe this is an instance where there are big hoarding stockpiles being built by customers. What you have is significantly more hand care consumption and sanitizer consumption as a consequence of this. So it's in places where you haven't had it before. That doesn't mean somebody didn't have a garage full of the stuff somewhere, but I don't believe that's -- that's the big story. I think the real story is consumption has jacked up dramatically in these areas.
Vincent Andrews: And then maybe if I could just ask on the market share opportunity, are there things that are being done differently as you go after, particularly maybe some of the large potential customers that you've had -- you just haven't made inroads with over the years? Or are you getting involved directly, Doug? Or what sort of -- are you doing, particularly given, I would assume the social distancing and everything, you can't have your sales folks doing much other than these webinars. So how are you trying to make this a little bit more personal and then maybe get some of that business that you've always wanted?
Doug Baker: Yes. We're certainly not following the old rule, where we would blanket them with an army of people. Yes. But we're -- look, we're doing videos. We're doing other ways to get in front of customers. Yes, certainly, executives are doing some door opening. But by and large, we've got a great corporate account team. And what we've learned over the years is these environments open doors that have been hard to open in the past. And there are opportunities where some of our technology maybe can fill a need that they now have. They can understand and experience us in real life, and we can prove that what we're saying, it's actually true. And we have several instances of that going on in large healthcare customers, quite honestly, but also in others. And I'll ask Christophe to add a little color here, too.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Doug. Well, our philosophy is really so to keep in mind that customers will remember how we dealt with them during difficult times. And that's true for our existing customers. But also when we look at the market more broadly, the strength of our company gets accentuated and the weaknesses of others, too. So we have customers who have been working with other companies in that meantime as well. So recognizing that they don't get what they're looking for with some of their current partners and comes very naturally to us, which is a very good thing. So we obviously -- help them with new programs. We're in a position where we can provide a very comprehensive program, where it's obviously, cleaning and sanitation, can be infection prevention, can be pest elimination, can be water safety as well, all the things that the company can provide. And last but not least, two elements on one hand; well, we can supply large quantities that they need as we just discussed, those needs of sanitizing products go up and require capacity so to do that. We have it to a certain extent. It's not unlimited, but we could provide much more. And last, but not least is the digital capabilities that we have that can bring it all together and for them, understanding how they're doing as a customer. This is something that most companies can't do. So bottom line, yes, it's helping us, especially long term.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John McNulty with BMO. Please proceed with your question.
John McNulty: Yes, thanks for taking my question. With regard to the Global Industrial segment, I guess, how resilient are you thinking of that business acting as we kind of go through this recessionary period? I mean, obviously, there are some fears on the Institutional side, but this one does seem like it may have greater resiliency. I guess, how should we be thinking about that?
Doug Baker: Well, certainly not going through the shutdown scenarios that you're seeing in the Institutional side. So it has that. I think what we said in some of the transcripts that we released this morning or later on this morning was, we expected Industrial to be fairly resilient, equal to or modestly below last year in total. And so, you've got some winners in there; F&B that we've talked about. But you'll have some large Industrial stuff going on, too. Christophe, why don't you talk a bit about how you see it?
Christophe Beck: Yes. We believe that Industrial, in general, will be less impacted, will be impacted in Q2, for sure, as most businesses ultimately. But as Doug mentioned, so Food & Beverage, well, is growing nicely, has been a very strong business before COVID, by the way, with very good programs, very nice new business generation as well. And the demand, so has just grown not only because people need more consumer goods, but those consumer goods companies need as well more sanitizing programs to make sure they can keep operating as we read in the newspaper, obviously. So F&B is going to keep humming. The whole Water business, as we've mentioned, so we felt some demand slowdown in Q1. That's going to continue in Q2 to a certain extent and then come back second half. And as mentioned, so we expect it to be flat to slightly below last year in aggregate with everything we know right now. Downstream is, obviously, being related to the oil and fuel consumption, but its a story of two chapters in here. There's the oil consumption, but it's also what we do for refineries that is stable so no matter what out there. And Paper, interesting business in that situation where, obviously, e-commerce goes up and the whole towels, toilet paper, for whatever interesting reason, has gone up very highly over the past few months and seems to be fairly resilient so far. So, all-in-all, kind of stable versus last year to potentially slightly negative.
John McNulty: Great. Thanks a lot. And then Doug, I think I heard it, but I just wanted to clarify. So, when we think about the decremental margins as we go into kind of 2Q and 3Q, did you say it should be somewhere in the 50% range? Is that the right way to think about it?
Doug Baker: I think what we were saying in total, fixed costs are around the 50% level, particularly early because you don't have time, if you will. There are costs that are theoretically variable. And they're variable over time, but they're not variable on day one. And so thinking, particularly in Q2, we're on a 50-50 is probably the better way to think about it.
John McNulty: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks. Good afternoon. Just kind of following up on that. You've already alluded to CapEx being down probably about 50% this year. Just curious about the thought process as you progress through the year and what you see, how would you think about maybe doing more, maybe doing less? Thanks.
Doug Baker: Well, I think the thought process; I'm going to ask all Ecolab management to hold their -- plug their ears for this comment. We purposely took capital down aggressively for 2 -- but as I mentioned, while protecting digital investments, antimicrobial investments and other investments. And we took it down aggressively because it's easier to add it back in than it is to go for double cuts. And it's earlier you do this work, the better off you are. So, we certainly would have room in our estimation. If there are great return ideas, we're going to learn things, as I mentioned before. And I imagine part of that learning is going to be where we could maybe invest some smart money early for outsized returns long-term. And we have certainly kept some capital at bay to go do that. So, my expectation would be that if it moves in any one direction from here, it will probably move up, not down.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks Doug. And just following that up. On the OpEx side, with regard to business investments, are you reining those in this environment or is that something you're going to go ahead with full steam and just fall through and look for the -- coming out stronger on the back side?
Doug Baker: Yes. Well, again, it depends on what it is, but back to the things that we're quite confident in around antimicrobial program development, digital, both when you roll it out, et cetera, that takes OpEx costs, not just capital. We've retained all that money in the plan, and it's significant. The reason for that is we know it's absolutely critical to the future. It was before COVID. And I would argue, we think it's even more important now with COVID, so all that stuff remains. And what we're working to do, look, you could go and try to say, my goal is to make 2020 as good as possible. And that's going to be our overarching view. For our business, in our situation, we believe as a team, and we're all like locked in arm on this, that is not the right answer. The right answer is to manage 2020 responsibly and intelligently, but really with a mind on 2021, 2022, et cetera. And that doesn't mean we're going to be foolish or anything else. But I would argue, if you really went after 2020, given this is artificially induced, there is going to be recovery. Nobody's clear exactly how it's going to show up, that taking this and using time to your advantage, and we have the ability to do that given the resiliency of our model and frankly, our balance sheet and cash position. And as a consequence, we're going to allow time to help answer some of these things. So we know how to invest intelligently. We know how to reshape businesses that need to get reshaped intelligently. We're just going to make, I think, moves once instead of multiple times, and organizations don't like multiple upsets. And so that's the tack we're taking. Q2, I could care less about, to be honest. It is -- we'll make money, but I don't care. Spending time on making it look less bad seems like a waste of time. It's a 13-week period. What we want our team focused on is really all the stuff we've been talking about, the investments Christophe has been talking about around digital, connectivity and all that, the new antimicrobial capacity and ideas that we have, how to leverage Bioquell, how do we develop comprehensive programs for reopening and ongoing behavior for clients who need new stuff, et cetera. That's really where we think the money is long-term for -- and how you create value for customers and communities, and that's how you create value for shareholders. And that's the stuff we're all over.
Operator: Thank you. The next questions come from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys. It's Dan Lazar [ph] for Laurence. How are you? You mentioned that you're seeing some inventory drawdown. I was wondering what channel inventories were before COVID. Were they lean or normal? I mean, certain companies are saying that their inventory's already lean. I was wondering how much can actually occur?
Doug Baker: Well, the inventory drawdown we're talking about is in -- let's just pick food service distributors. I don't know exactly where it stood, but let's call it normal. But what was normal is now abnormal, high because their demand has fallen dramatically as a consequence of all the restaurants being temporarily closed. So what was normal became too much inventory for them. I mean, just the machine models that will be driven are based on consumption, and consumption going down is going to make inventory looks like it's gone up. So they're just not going to -- they're not buying. They are shipping more than they're buying, and they're shipping a lot less than they used to.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you. And then you mentioned during your prepared remarks that hand care and sanitizer products would go up and allow you to introduce some new products. I was just wondering what you're introducing now for hand care and sanitizer products, how is it different from say, what you were introducing, say six months ago or before they started?
Doug Baker: Well, I mean, a great example, is driven by Christophe and team with huge assist from supply chain and everything else is, look, we ran out of capacity in our traditional hand sanitizer. And so we went and developed new formulations that allowed us to build this on different filling equipment than we were using heretofore and start meeting inordinate demand. There are now, what I would call hand sanitizer 2.0 views of how that evolves from here. So something that happened literally inside of four weeks is now already being rethought about how do we move that in second quarter to even stage two. So those are examples. Around the world, we had a lot of our team step up in very unique forms around antimicrobials, forms we didn't sell before, maybe were sold by others but in small amounts. And they came up with ways of meeting consumer or customer demand that we really didn't have that capability as early as January And so the team has done a very good job being responsive. What we're now doing is saying, okay, out of all these ideas, what are we really going to bet on? And where are we going to put permanent capital, if you will, behind some of these ideas and there are a few already that we want to.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with G.research. Please proceed with your question.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. I was wondering if given the situation with Upstream, do you think that there is going to be any change to the current agreement you have with Apergy? Are they going to take advantage of the situation in order to change something?
Doug Baker: Well, I mean, the way the agreement is written is even if they wanted to, they couldn't. Our agreements are agreement. We believe still that this will conclude successfully within the second quarter.
Rosemarie Morbelli: All right. And then on the F&B, which was very strong, given the impact of some meat packing facilities shutting down, is that -- do you think you're going to impact your -- that particular business, particularly in the U.S.?
Doug Baker: Well, protein generally isn't the highest consumption part of that business for us, but I'll throw it to Christophe.
Christophe Beck : Yes. Bonjour, Rosemarie. So maybe a comment on F&B. So interestingly enough, the plants that closed down were not customers. So obviously, that's not impacting us as such. To Doug's point, so the meat business, protein business is not the major part of F&B. That's one that we're contemplating more for the future, but it's not big right now. And on the other hand, so those customers need more sanitizing programs that we can offer. So that's all good news, actually, so for F&B.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Okay. And if I can ask Christophe, another question. You talked about what you were doing on the digital side. Given the environment currently, are you changing your focus on the digital needs of your customers? Or do you think you keep moving on the same path?
Christophe Beck : Yes. Great question. It's the latter, actually. So we're really trying to stay, not even trying. We are staying very firmly on the same path. If anything, it's to go faster. And the interest of customers to be connected is growing, especially in situation where we can't get to the customer, well, this is a good argument to get connected in order to provide a remote service. And as I mentioned before, so automation is helping customers reduce their costs. While this is something that we're accelerating because they will need it even more in the next few months, quarters. Whatever happens down the road, customers will need, so some savings in the total operating costs. And they will be ready to invest more in our digital technology, and that's why we ramp things up. So here, our speed of progress, we're not changing the direction at all.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of P.J. Juvekar with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Petrie: Hi. This is Eric Petrie on for P.J., Doug, I wanted to ask, how do you see the magnitude of sales decline in U.S. and Europe compared to China? Guessing there's some differences due to the extended stay-at-home orders, but any thoughts directionally would be helpful, particularly in Institutional?
Doug Baker: Well, I mean, the situations are quite different in terms of development. And frankly, Europe didn't act in a unified fashion. You had different countries because of disease progress at different points in time to act in different ways at different points in time. So there's no one answer really that will work in Europe. I think what we've seen is, I would say, more similar than dissimilar, what clouds it sometimes is the percent hand sanitizer can kind of cloud some of the results, et cetera. U.S. really across the board went really aggressively on a restaurant shutdown. You had as talked earlier in Europe, a number of the big countries have shut restaurants down, but not all countries. And in certain markets, they've stayed open as is through the whole COVID experience heretofore. So there's not, I think, one model. What we signaled, and I think there's plenty of outside data that if you look at our largest market, which is the U.S., you've had a lot of the restaurants either completely closed or only allowed to have pickup or delivery, which is a dramatic downturn in their business. And there's public data around number of transactions, which are down in the 40% to 60% depending on the segment percent rate year-on-year. And I think those are good indications of the type of demand you would expect to see.
Eric Petrie: Okay. Helpful. And then secondly, as you're growing your annuity business, do you see greater opportunity in existing customers with circling the customer and adding increased solutions per account? Or do you see greater opportunity from new customers?
Doug Baker: Well, I think it's always the answers in both. And Christophe's answer on protein would be, right, a good evidence. I mean, certainly, there are providers there who are high quality and highly concerned, who we have not developed relationships with over time that we would love to develop relationships over time. That would be on the new side. And then within our customer base, given the new sensitivity around hygiene, which we believe is here to stay for quite a while, there's going to be ample opportunity, if you will, to sell new additional programs to help them meet new consumer expectations. So I would say, it's a great chance for both. We like to have a balanced approach and have both at all times. That's typically how we build our marketing plans. And so, this will also fit that well.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mike Harrison with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your questions. 
Mike Harrison: Hi. Good afternoon. Your slide deck mentioned the accounts receivable write-off risk was under 1% of sales in the prior downturn or in prior downturns. This downturn is different, really hitting your foodservice and hospitality customers. Can you talk kind of in general, how you view their financial position and how you are thinking about the risk to collections or around bad debt?
Doug Baker: Yes. I'll ask Dan to give his perspective, and then we can add some color to it. Thanks.
Dan Schmechel: Yes. Thanks, Doug, and thanks for the question. So, yes, you're right. We gave the parameter around how our collection experience and bad debt expense trended after the Great Recession. And, clearly, like you, we think that this is going to be an event of a different character. So let me just say this. I mean, Doug said upfront, and it's true. We're very confident in our financial position. We go into this experience very committed to be partners with customers that we have decades-long relationships with. That said, we are also on our guard and looking out for our own interest and for our shareholder interest. I'll just put it this way, maybe. We will work very collaboratively with customers with the interest of helping them also assuring ultimately great collections. We have tested our bad debt experience and portfolio deterioration very, very severely. And the net of it is, we remain very, very confident of delivering positive free cash flow across the year.
Doug Baker: Yes. And I would add, the disadvantage of being a global business is, you see a lot of crises over time. And the advantage of being a global company is, you see a lot of crises over time. So if I even go back, there's a long history, a very good partnership between the finance team and the businesses. And it takes both to manage these risks. So it could even be the Greek crisis. It could be things that we go through in Latin America routinely, experience we had as just referenced in 2008, 2009, and things we've gone through in Asia at different points in time. We have experience here. That doesn't mean that we are going to mitigate all the challenges either. So the fact that there's going to be increased bad debt is almost a surety. And then it's a question of how well do we mitigate and manage that. And I would say, we have a very capable team there.
Mike Harrison: All right. And then one of the things that you guys addressed as an opportunity at your last Investor Day was Legionella. It seems like this is an issue when you have buildings closed for some period of time and then you reopen them. So can you talk about how Legionella might factor into Institutional and lodging or maybe some other markets as we start to look at an eventual reopening?
Doug Baker: Yes, Christophe will address this.
Christophe Beck: So the water question, is becoming so a bigger opportunity. So for those sites, this is true in hospitals. This is true in manufacturing. This is true in hotels, because infection, in general, will come from the weakest link. So it's maybe a little bit coming back to a previous question as well. So saying that if we serve very well, the food safety risk doesn't mean that the whole infection risk is reduced if we don't take care of the water cleanliness, if we don't make sure that the past is being eliminated, so, that's where the comprehensive value of the company makes a huge difference for our customers going forward. So the question on water is becoming more interesting and more in demand, especially so in Institutional and in Healthcare. This is true for Legionella. Just to remind, it's really coming out of sprayed water, so like the cooling towers. But it's also disinfecting the water from the building, which is important as well. And it's also getting the right quality of the water for any food preparation or drinks for that matter as such. So, the water opportunity in those segments will raise going forward through that period.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is from the line of Andy Wittmann with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Andy Wittmann: Great. Thanks. I wanted to get an update, I guess, on the three-year efficiency initiative where you guys are playing on addressing about $325 million of cost savings. And just trying to understand, how that gets addressed with all the other complications of COVID. Just does that number go up in terms of your target savings? Can you -- and really, could you just give us an update of the annual run rate of savings maybe that you ended the quarter at? Can you reiterate or update us on the incremental savings that you expect to see this year and maybe next year? I just want to understand, how that's factoring into your business plans today.
Doug Baker: Yes. I would say, Andy, we went into the year with $130 million incremental savings as a consequence of the May 2020 program. We still expect to realize that. As that base changes over time, we will keep updating and let people know what's going on and how it's related to May 2020. I mean, I don't know what else. Yes, it's going to be an interesting time. There's going to be a lot of changes. We will certainly be saving more than $130 million on SG&A this year. It's going to be san absolute requirement given the environment we're in. But a key component of our savings this year still is coming from May 2020.
Andy Wittmann: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we come to the end of our question-and-answer session, and I'll turn the floor back over to Mike Monahan for closing comments.
Mike Monahan: Thank you. That wraps up our first quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated discussion and slides will be available for replay on our website. Thanks for your time and participation today and best wishes for the rest of the day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-18 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Ecolab Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. At this time, it is now my pleasure to introduce Mike Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Thank you, Mr. Monahan. You may now begin.
Michael Monahan: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolabs fourth quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolabs Chairman and CEO; Christophe Beck, our Chief Operating Officer; and Dan Schmechel, our Chief Financial Officer. A discussion of our results, along with our earnings release and the slides referencing the quarters results and our outlook, are available on Ecolabs website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements in these materials, stating that this teleconference and the associated supplemental materials include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are discussed under the Risk Factors section in our most recent Form 10-K and in our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with a brief overview of the results, pricing, new business gains and product innovation led fourth quarter acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales and operating income growth, which along with lower delivered product costs and cost efficiency actions, yielded the fourth quarters earnings increase. Looking at some highlights from the quarter and as discussed in our press release, acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales increased 1%, as the Industrial, Institutional and Other segments showed steady sales gains and more than offset the decline in Energy. Excluding the ChampionX business, Ecolabs acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales rose 3%. Adjusted fixed currency operating income margins increased 60 basis points, continuing their steady improvement. The growth was led by double-digit gains in the Industrial and Energy segments. Adjusted earnings per share increased 8% to $1.66 and were up 10%, excluding the Healthcare recall. Progress continues on the separation of our ChampionX business. We continue to expect the transaction to be completed by mid-2020. Looking ahead, our work to drive sales momentum showed improvement in the fourth quarter, with ongoing business volumes up 1%, excluding ChampionX in the recall. We are driving new business wins, focusing on our innovative products, sales and service expertise and our value proposition of best results at the lowest total operating cost for customers. We also continue driving productivity and cost efficiencies. Our fourth quarter slides and earnings discussion, including earnings bridge for 2020, as shown, we expect strong operating earnings growth for the full-year up 12% to 15%. However, we will also face some headwinds in 2020, including $0.08 from the impact of lower interest rates on our pension plan, $0.04 from an unfavorable currency exchange and the impact from the coronavirus outbreak, which we estimate will cost us $0.05 in the first quarter, with the remainder of the year not estimated or forecasted at this time. Net of this, we look for 2020 adjusted diluted earnings per share to rise 9% to 12% to the $6.33 to $6.53 range, as improving volume and further pricing gains, along with cost efficiency benefits, more than offset the impact of business investments and the headwinds just mentioned. First quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the $1.05 to $1.13 range, up 2% to 10%, including an estimated unfavorable $0.05 per share impact from the coronavirus outbreak. In summary, we expect improving top line momentum in our business in 2020. And along with our ongoing work to expand margins, we look for 9% to 12% adjusted earnings per share growth. We continue to make the right investments in the key areas of differentiation, including product innovation and digital investments to develop superior growth for this year and the future. And now, heres Doug Baker with some comments.
Douglas Baker: Thanks, Mike, and hello, good day to everybody. So Im going to touch on three subjects: first, Q4 and full-year 2019; Ill touch on the Healthcare recall; and then finally, our 2020 outlook, including coronavirus. So first, Q4 and 2019. Id characterize 2019 as a very productive and successful year for us, and we realized very important outcomes in Q4 specifically. So we dramatically derisked the business, we positioned it for even better future growth, and we delivered double-digit adjusted EPS growth and strong cash flow growth for the full-year. We derisked by moving from a 45-plus-year-old ERP system in the U.S. to SAP. This is never pain-free, and much of the field execution load fell in early Q4. But our team did a great job managing this. The lions share now of the cost and risk is behind us and in the base. Second, we successfully separated the Upstream business. It is now operating as a standalone with its own supply chain and ERP systems. This is a huge amount of work also, but the right work and again is behind us and in our base. Also, we continue to make the talent, innovation and digital investments needed for future success. We talked in Q3 about our gear shift from price the new business to new business then price as a priority order. This, too, the shift has been quite successful. Were continuing to realize price gains and importantly, have had huge quarters in terms of new business wins in both Q3 and Q4, which we will realize over the next few quarters. So while all the above was planned, we had an unfortunate unplanned event in Q4, too, and thats the European Healthcare product recall. This had a significant impact on our healthcare sales and on Q4 EPS. The plant  the healthcare plant in question has now been decontaminated and has been producing again since mid-December. Therell be some residual costs, but the big cost pain is behind us and the team is in full recovery mode and making very good progress. So as we enter 2020, we do so with a clear focus on growth. Our huge SAP and Upstream separation projects are largely behind us, Healthcare Europe is back producing and selling, and we enter with a very strong sales momentum as a result of our new business wins talked about earlier. So even with the challenging environment, we expect a strong year in 2020. We expect our sales to strengthen throughout the year. We expect continued gross profit improvement from continued pricing efforts and a modestly improved raw material environment. We expect our new digital innovation to also continue and bear fruit, and we have a strong M&A pipeline and recently announced the acquisition of CID Lines, a leading provider of animal health technology. Net, even with the challenging backdrop, we feel well-positioned and are forecasting continued strong cash flow in double-digit adjusted EPS for the year at the midpoint of our range. This includes a negative $0.08 from pension and a negative $0.04 from FX for the year. It also includes a $0.05 yet in the first quarter from coronavirus, but does not include any potential impact in Q2 through Q4, because at this point, its impossible to estimate. With that said, were assuming that the global economy avoids recession in 2020. Net, we feel very good about where we stand as a business. Were quite optimistic that we can outperform again in 2020. So with that, Ill turn it back to Mike.
Michael Monahan: Thanks, Doug. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, would you please begin the question-and-answer period.
Operator: Thank you. Well now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question is from Tim Mulrooney with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Tim Mulrooney: Yes. Good afternoon. So the ChampionX business, how much was it down in the fourth quarter? And what has the performance been through the first-half of the first quarter?
Douglas Baker: Yes. The sales were down 6%, but operating income was pretty strong. And what weve really been focusing on in that business is making sure that were doing the right things from a margin and focusing on profitable growth. Importantly, if you break apart the Upstream business, youve got Wellchem, which is closer to the wellhead, youve got our traditional OFC business. And the OFC business, which is by far the larger of the two, continues to do quite well.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. Thanks, Doug. So organic growth at the RemainCo at Ecolab was up 3%, excluding ChampionX. Im wondering if you could provide that for operating margin? Operating margin was up 60 basis points in total, I think, is what you said? But what would that have been up, excluding ChampionX?
Douglas Baker: In fourth quarter?
Tim Mulrooney: Yes. In the fourth quarter. Yes.
Douglas Baker: Yes. Were looking it, its up a little bit.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. All right.
Douglas Baker: Its also up about 60 basis points.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. So kind of a neutral impact?
Douglas Baker: Well, it was, because you had the Healthcare recall, right, as well in the fourth quarter, which really impacts the RemainCo business negatively.
Tim Mulrooney: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Christopher Parkinson with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your questions.
Christopher Parkinson: Great. Thank you. In Industrial, chemical and power applications still appear a little sluggish on  just on a relative basis versus your best performance in light and F&B. Is this simply subject to macroeconomic factors? Theres something else in the [Multiple Speakers]
Douglas Baker: Sorry, can you repeat that? Chris, can you repeat the question? Its coming sort of muffled?
Christopher Parkinson: Oh, I apologize. So in industrial, chemical and power applications still appear sluggish on a relative basis versus your performance in light and F&B. And I was just asking, is this simply subject to macro factors, or is there something else on the new product front we should be looking for as we head into 2020?
Douglas Baker: Mike?
Michael Monahan: Chris, what Im hearing is, youre asking why was chemical and power softer for water?
Christopher Parkinson: Yes. I mean, what you can do  is it macro  is it primarily macro that needs to drive the improvements, or is there something else you can do to improve those two subsegment performance?
Michael Monahan: Power primarily reflected the shift towards natural gas in the U.S., where natural gas requires less than coal. And the chemical, I think, was probably somewhat industry trends and just, I think, timing of some new business.
Douglas Baker: Theres nothing fundamental going on in the heavy business other than the big transition we just talked about. And clearly, Industrial, right, performance levels broadly are going to have some impact on that business, too.
Christopher Parkinson: Got it. And then just as a quick follow-up. When you talk about enterprise selling efforts within F&B and light water, and then we think about your presence in pest elimination, can you just comment as to which geographies are driving these benefits? And whether or not you will still need to broaden your global breadth on the latter, i.e., pest elimination to replicate these benefits assuming the bulk of the momentum is driving in the U.S.?Thank you.
Douglas Baker: Yes. Weve combined a lot of the way we go to market in the food and beverage space, combining the water business and the F&B traditional business, and then often bring in pest, too. The F&B and water businesses are truly global. The pest business is not as global. We have good presence in Europe, obviously, cover all in North America, and then we have a few businesses in Asia and Latin America, but do not cover all those markets. With that said, weve had a lot of success driving, if you will, enterprise selling efforts, particularly in food and beverage where we focus first. Pest comes along quite frequently. But the pest business gains are going to be most frequently found in Europe and U.S. just because thats our large presence.
Christopher Parkinson: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Doug, looking at Institutional, the division, not the entire segment. What do you think of that can grow in 2020? And whats the progression from early to late over the course of the year?
Douglas Baker: Yes. So when we talk about Institutional last, we talked about  we expected at the end at a run rate of 4-ish-percent. And if you look at underlying sales, particularly in the U.S., we got very close to that number, if you round up. The expectation for that business is that, well continue to strengthen sequentially. What its going to report as going to be a little different, given coronavirus and some of the other impacts, but the underlying business we expect to continue to strengthen, we expect the year to be in the 4-ish range, which means can be a little less than the beginning and probably a little more at the end, as we go throughout the year. We, of course, are challenging the team to do better than that. But I would say, I think, the fundamentals in the Institutional business are getting better. We wish youre getting better faster, but thats always our perspective. But they are moving in the right direction.
David Begleiter: And, Doug, in the same bent, I think, you discussed any competitive dynamics vis--vis diversity over the last few months here?
Douglas Baker: No, there hasnt been any big change or activity in the last few months. I think, theyre still  theyve had some change in their business. We havent seen any difference in direction as a consequence of that. So no, I wouldnt really say, I dont think thats going to be really the fundamental change for us.
David Begleiter: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your questions.
Jeremy Rosenberg: Hi, this is Jeremy Rosenberg for Vincent. Thanks for taking my question. I want to start off on the cost savings program. I think its $325 million, you guys did $80 million of that last year. Im just wondering how much incremental you have baked in for 2020? And then I do have a follow-up?
Douglas Baker: We have $130 million incremental baked into the plan this year.
Jeremy Rosenberg: Okay, got it. And then just thinking about free cash flow for the year. I mean, just your thoughts on the outlook, I mean, any thoughts on working capital and CapEx? And thank you.
Douglas Baker: Yes. Ill hand that to Dan.
Daniel Schmechel: Yes, thank you. So maybe well just start with a quick recap of 2019, as Doug referenced upfront? We had very strong cash flow throughout the year and finished the year strong as well. So we had a voluntary pension contribution of $120 million in 2019. And if you exclude that, our free cash flow was up about 20%, with 109% conversion rate. So behind that number was improvement in inventory. We commented during the year that one of the consequences of having the supply chain so focused on the SAP Go-Live was maybe not pushing quite as hard as inventory reductions and, in fact, building some finished good inventory. So looking ahead to 2020, I guess, I would steer you toward what  the  fundamentally the way is that we think about it, which is that we will continue to see very strong cash flow and strong cash flow conversion, which we anticipate to be in the range again of 100%, maybe slightly north of the reported net income. So 2020 will be another strong free cash flow year for Ecolab.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
John McNulty: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. With regard to the areas that youre starting to see kind of the increased volume from the shift maybe a little bit away from price and more into the volume front. Can you articulate a little bit as to which areas youre seeing the kind of early traction, the early wins and how we should be thinking about how that progress throughout the year?
Douglas Baker: Yes. John, Ill just add. I mean, we have Christophe answer this. I mean, Christophe early got the team very focused on this shift middle of last year, which is why you started seeing the results in Q3, Q4, and it was a very important shift for us. We know pricing, ultimately, given inflation and other things is going to carry you forever and we had to get volume growth moving again. We saw a 50-point improvement in volume. If you adjust for the Healthcare recall from third quarter to fourth, we expect to see more. Christophe, Ill ask you to give a little color on where we expect to see it.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Doug. Yes, its been a very collective effort that started to become really strong in mid of 2019, which has really generated itself record new business generation during the second-half of 2019. Weve seen that mostly in the Industrial businesses at the beginning, where we had so strong momentum and thats why youve seen as well, water and F&B have been up 5% as well, life science 13% as well. And then progressively as well moving towards Institutional, Specialty, pest that will as well lead to better results going forward in 2020.
John McNulty: Great. Thanks for the color on that. And then just with the SAP system up in North America, any insight into new targets opportunities, whether its on the working capital front on efficiency measures, anything notable with the early start of that?
Douglas Baker: Yes. I would expect ultimately all those things will be targeted will get after. What weve seen early is, I would say, we recently had a review with our Institutional business. And theyre already talking about the transparency that they have  that they didnt have before in terms of whats happening in specific customers or specific categories. They can see their shipment cost much more clearly and understand, I would say, ramifications of shipping policies, how you might tweak those and enhance, if you will, our ability to both meet customer needs, but do it cheaper. So I think theres going to be a multitude of areas. Putting these in, youre glad, its like a lifetime event, because nobody do it twice. But were very happy were through it and now starting to bear fruit.
John McNulty: Great. Thanks very much for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Gary Bisbee with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Gary Bisbee: Hey, guys. I guess just the first one. Can you give a little more color on where you expect in the business to see the coronavirus impact? I think in the prepared remarks you called out water and pest, but is it broader than that? And anymore color on how much its impacting your ability to produce product versus sort of customer pull demand at this point, I realized its fluid, but any color would be helpful?
Douglas Baker: Yes. Ill just  let me just state on coronavirus. I think, theres three levels of impact and well answer your specific question. Ill have Christophe do it after I go through this. Theres certainly market demand in China, where thats the principle ground zero right now of coronavirus. So market demand is an impact. So the secondary impacts are really whats it going to do to global supply chains? Now, it wont impact our global supply chain. We have plants in China, but theyre really for China consumption. We dont use it as an export market per se, nor do we rely on specific parts from China for production and other regions around the world. So it is a big worry, I think, broadly about its impact on supply chains. Its not a specific worry for us. But then the third impact is, whats it do ultimately to global GDP? And that really is a question of does it spread? How long is it and if it doesnt spread even how deep and long does it last in China? And there are all kinds of scenarios. The traditional scenario is burnout. Fairly early like in March, April, as weather gets warmer, but its very hard to predict exactly what any of these are going to do. And if it does spread, obviously, youve got additional impacts. And if it goes deeper, say into June, and you really have this outage for other supply chain, its going to have broader impacts. For us, the impacts have been really China specific, I would expect them to remain China specific. If it turns into global GDP, were probably going to be not as impacted as other companies. But, obviously, if global GDP goes down, its not healthy for any company, including ours. So with that, Ill turn it to Christophe to talk about the impacts were seeing right now.
Christophe Beck: Yes. Just say two things. So on one hand, we are in the infection prevention business. So customers have a natural tendency to come to us for help. But thats a little part of the business to help them to prevent the spread of infection. So long-term, its going to be a good thing. And were strengthening the relationship with customers locally and globally on that, but theres not much we can do as well for restaurants and plants that are closed as well in the meantime. So kind of a short-term negative impact, but long-term, probably something, which is positive for our relationship with customers.
Gary Bisbee: Great, thanks. And then just a follow-up, a couple of quarters in a row, youve  and weve seen this in the past, obviously, you talked about bookings momentum building, we dont see a lot of it in the organic constant currency growth rates yet. How do we think about  or how long it takes to onboard new businesses? Is it very different from business to business? And how quickly should that start to flow through to revenue? Thank you.
Christophe Beck: Yes. Good question. This is Christophe. So it depends, obviously, business by business, some are much simpler. So the more institutions or restaurants like type of business, so goes quicker, it can be done. So in a few months, usually, we think a quarter or two to get that rolled out. We talk about chains, usually. So when we talk about the regional chain, a global chain, well, that cant happen overnight, but its kind of a quarter or two. When we think about Industrial businesses, so its plants, where much more engineering work needs to be done. Thats usually between two and three quarters.
Gary Bisbee: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your questions.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks. Good afternoon. Just start real quick on a follow-up on Garys question about, I think, in the handoff, Doug, for me to Christophe. You covered just its in  on coronavirus, its in China and then those three categories. But was it consistent with what you have in the press release of just water and pest, or is it more broad-based? Is it like $0.04, $0.01, kind of curious by segment? Thanks. And then, I have a follow-up.
Douglas Baker: Yes. No, I would say the specific impacts in industries, were seeing it clearly. I mean, its  it all makes sense, right? Hospitality, travel is way down in China, hotels are clearly impacted, food Service is clearly impacted. You have a number of chains that have shutdown half of their units in many instances. We have then, obviously, industrial production, which youre speaking to, which has also been curtailed. I mean, they extended China New Year for at least another week and theyve talked another week. Its really different by province. You have a number of plants that are working to start back up some have. All of ours are back up and producing at this point in time, but they were down for several weeks and others were as well, and some take longer to ramp up. Then the closer you are to widespread outbreak centers, the longer its going to take for them to start up production.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks. I appreciate that. And then youve been exiting in institutional, exiting lower-margin businesses recently. And just want to get a feel on what that impact might be early in 2020? And where you stand on the curve of optimizing the portfolio from a margin perspective.
Douglas Baker: Yes. So Im going to give the answer that Im going to go. The lions share that is behind us. Theres a little dribs and drabs coming in, but what were done talking about it. Fundamentally, weve seen the impact. Were moving on. We start. We will expect like we saw in fourth, continued improvement sequentially moving forward. I would say its much more in the normal range of what we have. We have some attrition every day. Its small. But we have some and this is much more in that normal keeping at this point in time, especially as we go throughout the year.
Scott Schneeberger: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of PJ Juvekar with Citi. Please proceed with your questions.
Eric Petrie: Hi, good morning, Doug. This is Eric Petrie on for PJ. As you look at your share repurchases in 2019, its been the lowest level since any year, I think, since 2013. So how do you see buyback shaping up into this year and going forward versus them in a pipeline?
Douglas Baker: Yes. A lot of the impact last year was the consequences of being out of the market because of the negotiations around the subsequent announced RMT. And so we were blacked out for periods of time that were unusual. And as a consequence, we can really talk about this in third quarter or others, right? We werent able to buy, because were negotiating. With that said, Ill hand it to Dan to talk about forward view.
Daniel Schmechel: Yes. Sure. So one of the consequences of the split transaction prior to the RMT with Apergy is that, we will be out of the market essentially for the first-half of the year. We have said before, I guess, what Ill say again, that, when we look forward beginning in the second-half of the year and look at the cash dividend payment or cash payment that we will receive as part of the Apergy and at RMT, it will evaluate at that time, whether or not the better uses of free cash flow or per share repurchase or debt retirement. Our cash flow priorities, importantly, will remain consistent. And I guess at this point, looking so far forward, Im comfortable saying that we will refer to shares at least a level to offset the impact of our share-based compensation plans and at the margin, this will be a decision that we make when we get clarity on the market and what the best opportunities are.
Eric Petrie: Okay. Secondly, at Investor Day, you talked about roughly 13% of sales being digitally enabled in Industrial of 1% and Institutional. How do you expect that to grow in 2020? Or do you have a target step up in mind per annum, or how do you view that internally?
Christophe Beck: So maybe to give you just some colors, we dont have formal numbers that we share usually we start. But based on what we said at Investor Day, so the numbers are still right. Whats good is that, those sales, which are sort of digitally enabled, we have two categories: one, which are the ones connected to the cloud; and the other ones that are enabled basically, both of them together, $1.3, roughly. Its growing double digits. So its something, which is good, and we expect the same type of growth that weve seen in 2019, continuing 2020, which is basically helping the rest of the business continue to grow.
Eric Petrie: Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Roberts with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
John Roberts: Thank you. What was the root cause of the plant contamination in Europe? And what fixes have been put in place to keep that from happening again?
Douglas Baker: Yes. It was a waterborne bacteria that ended up creating a biofilm in parts of the plant. And biofilms are, we make a business of cleaning up biofilms and other facilities. So the good news is, we had the technology and know-how to go clean this. And the challenge with biofilms is, they dont leak out bacteria evenly, its more sporadic, and so you end up with some batches contaminated, some not. When they are contaminated, the biofilm itself sort of envelops the bacteria, which normally would be killed by the product, but in some cases, is protected. So theyre a bit gnarly. So weve done a number of things. One, we believe to know what the source is and it was a one-time impact of, in part, moved equipment that occurred just before we bought the business. But with that said, we know this is a waterborne illness. Its naturally occurring and found in many water sources. So we have significantly opt the capability we have to ensure that the inbound water is absolutely bacteria-free. Weve gone through the plant and redesigned a number of dead end areas. Were going to continue to do that. We have new aggressive protocol put in place that, frankly, is much more aggressive than we think we need. But were going to make a new mistake going forward. So weve taken a number of steps. The team has been all over this. Were back producing, Were through the 80% of previous production volume heading to 90% and then then over 100%. So I think the team has done a good job getting this back up running and contamination free.
John Roberts: And then healthcare sales were up 3%, excluding the recall. Does that business grow above 3% near-term, now that the plan is fixed, or did you lose some business that will cause you to grow below 3% here for a little while before you come back?
Douglas Baker: Yes. In the nature, I mean, this occurred in Europe. And so theres still going to be impact in the first quarter, because December is part of our international first quarter. And so, were through it, but that impact is still going to hit part of Q1, but not nearly at the same level as it did in the fourth quarter. That is, by the way, in our forecast. So its not any new news thats coming down the pike. Yes, I would expect theres going to be a pipeline refill that will occur. Certainly, were going to go annualize against the recall event in the fourth quarter. You would expect to see larger sales as a consequence to that. At this point in time, I cant give you blow-by-blow if we lost any business as a consequence of this. Its a real possibility, but something that we are going to certainly work to earn back if thats, in fact, true. We do not have any numbers on that at this point in time, and I dont believe thats going to be the main story.
John Roberts: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. Your Energy business had revenues that fell in the fourth quarter, I think, by $32 million and your operating profits were up 11%. Howd you do that? How did profitability improve so much?
Douglas Baker: Yes. Well, there has been a lot of work on cost savings, a lot of work on formulation work, i.e., how do you produce efficacious formulas, at least at equivalent value, not better at lower raw material input costs. We talked about this work in previous calls. When youre on the high trajectory growth rate, youre  all youre really working do is meet demand. Weve had a period of time here, where weve been able to reformulate lower, if you will, the cost of goods kind of on a permanent basis. And I think the team has done a very good job doing that. It allows them to compete in a much tougher environment effectively. So a lot of the work there. There has been a big focus on specific businesses, where we were upside down in cost. Theres some parts of the North America OFC business that were not going to work from a math standpoint, theyve taken out head retooled work made sure that we can meet customer needs in a more efficient way. Its all those things combined, we expect even moving forward in the first quarter. Were going to have probably sales decline in significant OI growth in that business. So the OI EBITDA trajectory of that business is quite favorable. Ultimately, I dont believe the oil story. Its like the last spike weve ever seen in oil, kind of hard to call a 80-year cyclical business, no longer cyclical. I just dont fundamentally believe that and I think the business is poised well going forward.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay. Your incremental gross margin was over 100% in the fourth quarter. Was that mostly price or raw materials, or how would you analyze sharp improvement in your incremental returns?
Douglas Baker: Yes. I mean, its  it was a combination of two things. I mean, we continue to secure price and well continue to secure price going forward. And we also had softening of the raw material markets, which we had forecast as well. So when you get the combination of those, you end up with happy news in your gross profit line.
Jeff Zekauskas: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with G. Research. Please proceed with your question.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Doug, when we look at the top line growth exclude adjusted for acquisition, so we have water, up 5; food and beverage, 5; life sciences, 13, et cetera. Were there anything specific in those particular type of growth rate? Can we put that 2% price in all of them, or was it mostly demand? And do you expect the demand at this level to continue in 2020?
Douglas Baker: Yes. Ill add a comment, then Ill ask Christophe to follow on with some additional specifics. I would say that, our assumption for economic growth in 2020 is that its positive, but below 2019 levels. But thats good enough for us, we believe, to end up with better sales growth in 2020 than we saw in 2019. So its positive, not global recession, but not at the 2019 level. And the reason we feel that way is, one, the strong new business results that we had in Q3, Q4, we talked about the lag. It takes a while for that business to show up. Were starting to see it. We started to see a bit of it in fourth quarter. We expect to see more of it in Q1. The hardest thing is going to be looking beyond coronavirus. Well do everything we can to be clear there. But obviously, thats going to impact Q1 for sure. Q2, likely, I just  its hard to predict. But if we look at sales ex China, right, in virtually every category, our expectation is that the business strengthens. And the reason I say ex China is, its just trying to take away the unknown of coronavirus out of the equation. And it is because of the new business efforts. And Ill throw it to Christophe, if you want to add any additional color.
Christophe Beck: Hello, Rosemarie. This is Christophe. So trying to build on that, so the demand is not extremely strong as such from customers. But  and Im excluding the disease  so the virus impact that Doug has covered in here. Its mostly so internally-driven. We have offering so far our customers that are very unique. You were talking about, life science, for instance. Many of our customers are mostly cleaning with soap and water. Well, the technology, the chemistry, the service, the expertise that we bring to those customers is absolutely unique and helps them so to be operating in much safer environment and to do that at a much lower total operating cost, as well. Beyond that, we have very unique corporate account management structure. As you know, we have this food and beverage global solution, corporate account organization that is really bringing together water on hygiene in a very unique place. Most of the competition cant do that. So we in a very unique position to offer that to our customers. And ultimately, whats also interesting is that, well, we do that in a way that gives them a high return. So its not a cost question. Its a total cost. The more they invest with us, the better off they are with their own operations. And thats driving a lot of demand of what were doing. So ultimately, thats  what weve been doing the last two or three years, Rosemarie.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Okay, thanks. And then following up quickly on pricing. You had 2% growth rate overall this year, should we anticipate that next year will not be anymore than 1%, as raw materials are coming down and eventually there is going to be some kind of a balance between the two?
Douglas Baker: Yes. What, Rosemarie, its going to be what we round above the two this year, and well probably round two or two in 2020. Its not going to be reported as a vast difference, but clearly, our  we expect pricing to be positive in 2020 at a lower rate than 2019, but not dramatically.
Rosemarie Morbelli: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Laurence Alexander: Good afternoon. Just want to follow-up on one of the earlier coronavirus discussions. Can you put this in longer-term context when you look at other outbreaks that Ecolab has had experience with? What does it take for it to turn into a sustainable change in Ecolabs brand position in the affected region or longer-term growth rate as opposed to a blip in operations?
Douglas Baker: Well, the past ones, I mean, be it H1N1 or SARS, I mean, SARS is probably the one most well-known. SARS is a different animal. It was less contagious, but more deadly, probably like five times more deadly, but easier to contain, because its really the  how easy is it to transmit to other people is the number one factor and how easy or difficult is it to contain. And unfortunately, this coronavirus appears pretty effective at being transmitted from one host to another to use, like the science term. I would say this. I think, our guess from the literature weve read from our scientists viewpoint is, I  coronavirus is whatever happens during this season is likely going to reoccur in other seasons, much like you see the flu and others. And I dont know if this is going to have a fundamentally huge change in peoples perception of us. I think if you go to China, were viewed as the food safety, antimicrobial experts in that country. Weve had very good relations and worked very well in coordination with the Chinese government to China, FDA, et cetera, for a number of years. Well continue that work. Our customers rely on us in these instances. I think, if you go back to H1N1, that was really the advent of all the hand sanitizers you see in lobbies of all commercial buildings before that it didnt exist. So it clearly changed the demand permanently for hand sanitizing products, et cetera. You may well see that kind of outcome as a consequence of the coronavirus, too, thats harder to predict.
Laurence Alexander: And then there has been some discussion in China of moving from the open markets to more industrial food production, Would that provide sort of a faster growth ramp for Ecolab in China, or should we think of it as not really affecting your growth rate?
Douglas Baker: Certainly, I think therell probably be some changes in the way they think about the live markets going forward. And as  I mean, the food has been shifting there to more prepared, more production food for quite a while. And that trend, I would agree with you. This is going to be more an accelerant of that trend. Its certainly not going to slow that trend down. Thats been a very positive trend for us, because when youre doing large scale food, you need to make sure that your food safety is really good, or youre going to poison a lot of people at one time. And so all that move has been quite positive for us. Weve always expected that to continue going forward. And I dont think coronavirus going to do anything, but accelerate that. But that, again, is hard to predict.
Laurence Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mike Harrison with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your questions.
Michael Harrison: Good afternoon. I was wondering in the specialty business, you noted in some of your prepared remarks, the strength in the food retail portion of that business. You mentioned new accounts, as well as some new program introductions. Can you give us a little bit more detail as to what has been driving the strength in that food retail business?
Douglas Baker: Yes. That was one of the earlier adopters of digital. So clearly, our program, which is now coupled with digital allow us even more transparency and better communication with customers. So they have more visibility as to whats going on in their stores has helped. We secured a number of new chains in that business as we have in a number of businesses. Thats always been a little bit of an elephant hunting game. So sales can  sales growth, it grows every quarter. It will grow faster, obviously, after you land a couple of these large chains, thats the situation were in. But the truth is, we have a number of those stories. Pest has had a lot of success securing new business, Institutional had a very good fourth quarter in terms of net new business gains, and we continue to a strong performance in F&B and the water business as well. So its across the Board. Id say, the Industrial side was quicker off the mark. But now we see it across the businesses the success in net new business wins, including in FRS.
Michael Harrison: Right. And then wanted to ask abut the Energy business. You mentioned some increase in international sales that were driving the downstream business. Did you get some new wins there that should end up meaning sustainable growth for the Downstream International business, or was there something maybe more temporary going on that helped you this quarter?
Douglas Baker: Yes, nothing notable. I would say, its probably better execution in the quarter, but no fundamental change. That business is focused on new business. Weve got great programs there. And we believe increased focus on execution is going to pay dividends there as well.
Michael Harrison: All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel. Please proceed with your questions.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Hi, thank you for taking my questions. Hey, Doug, the  part of the energy business that youre going to retain in the Downstream business was up kind of moderately and understand that its generally more of a mid single-digit revenue growth business. Can you talk about what was going on in the quarter? And when you do see variations in that business, what part  what percentage of that business is really kind of very steady and what part kind of moves around?
Douglas Baker: Yes. I mean, the fundamentals of that business are quite similar to the rest of our water business, to be honest, which is its an annuity type business with deep embedded service and capability around technology and understanding the types of crude that are being refined what needs to be done, how do you treat the water, the captive water in boiling and cooling, et cetera. With that said, theres also an additive component to that business. So much like circle the customer execution and other industries, weve also done the same in that industry for a number of years. And so the additives can be a little more up and down based on consumption and/or seasonality. The fourth quarter for that business, sales were around the 3% rate. They were fairly solid. It was the best growth that we had all year in that business. So I would say to your point, yes, we do view this as a mid single-digit type business going forward. It treats not only fuel refinery businesses, but also petrochemical plants. And long-term for sustainability, we are going to need plastics in derivative-type lightweighting products to enable fuel efficiency and other things. I mean, thats what the world is counting on. I know plastics are under a lot of pressure. There are good plastics and bad plastics. And we make sure we dont throw out the good plastics or the bad plastics.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay, great. And just as a follow-up, just on the pest business, its generally been kind of 6% to 8% came in at 5%. I know theres some timing of new business. Is there anything to call out over there, or just kind of thats kind of the ebbs and flows of the business in general?
Douglas Baker: Yes. No, honestly, were feeling pretty good about pest. We dont like the 5%. But we like the fact that it was coupled with an incredibly strong new business when portfolio in Q4, too. So we expect that business to accelerate.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Mr. Monahan, there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to you for closing remarks.
Michael Monahan: Thank you. That wraps up our fourth quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated discussion slides will be available for replay on our website. Thank you for your time and participation. Our best wishes for the rest of the day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes todays teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-29 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ecolab's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mike Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Mr. Monahan, you may now begin.
Mike Monahan: Thank you. Hello everyone and welcome to Ecolab's third quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO; and Dan Schmechel, our CFO. A discussion of our results, along with our earnings release and the slides referencing the quarter's results and our outlook are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements in these materials, stating that this teleconference and the associated supplemental materials include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are discussed under Risk Factors section in our most recent Form 10-K and in our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with a brief overview of the results, pricing, new business gains and product innovation led the third quarter sales, and along with productivity improvements and cost efficiency actions yielded the third quarter's 12% adjusted diluted earnings per share increase. Moving on to some highlights from the quarter and as discussed in our press release, acquisition adjusted FX currency sales increased 2% as the institutional and Other segments shows steady sales gains and more than offset a modest decline in energy and moderately softer industrial markets. Adjusted fixed currency operating income margins increased to 140 basis points, consuming their steady improvement. Income growth was led by double digit gains in the Industrial and Energy segments. Adjusted earnings per share increased 12% to a $1.71, representing another quarter of double digit adjusted EPS growth. Currency translation was an unfavorable $0.03 per share in the quarter. Progress continues on the spin-off of our upstream energy business, we continue to expect a spin-off to be completed by mid-2020. Looking ahead, we will begin rebuilding our sales momentum in the fourth quarter as the moderated delivered product costs environment has enabled us to re prioritize new business development as our sales team's primary objective. As always, we will drive our new business wins by focusing on our innovative products, sales and service expertise, and our value proposition of best results and the lowest total operating costs for customers. We will also continue driving productivity and cost efficiencies. Our digital investments are developing well and we look for them to add new actionable insights for customers to improve their operations, increase our sales force effectiveness, and enhance our market differentiation. We narrowed our forecast with the full year 2019. We now look for adjusted diluted earnings per share to rise 10% to 12% to the $5.80 to $5.90 range, as price and volume gains and cost efficiency benefits more than offset the impact of moderated delivered product cost increases and business investments. Currency translation deteriorated $0.02 and is now expected to be an unfavorable $0.13 per share in 2019. Fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share are expected to be in the $1.64 to $1.74 range of 6% to 13%. In summary, we expect good fourth quarter earnings momentum in 2019 to more than offset moderated delivered product costs and unfavorable currencies exchange, and along with cost efficiency actions yield 10% to 12% adjusted earnings per share growth. As we continue to make right investments in key areas of differentiation including product innovation and digital investments, we expect to develop superior growth this year and for the future. And now, here's Doug Baker with some comments.
Doug Baker: Thanks Mike. So, I'll this offer my take on the quarter. There's a lot to likes in this quarter and there are some areas that we're addressing. The good news is as we leave the third quarter moving into the fourth quarter, we're in a very good position in this year successfully, while I'd say importantly building momentum as we head into 2020. So, the positive in Q3 will certainly 12% adjusted EPF growth. We have very strong cash flow with a Q3 conversion rate of over 100% as we reduce inventories pulled our supply chain SAP roll out in North America, year-to-date cash flow is up 29%. We also continued our strong pricing helping drive the 140 basis points OI margin improvement Mike reference. Our team is executed really well across the board. They continued to drive the business performance improvements. They're also managing in North American SAP rollout, which has moved from supply chain into the commercial arena and they're also managing a spin of upstream all this they're doing while improving the business. So, we also talked that we've shifted our sales team priority focus, as raw materials stabilized and some market has softened. We've moved our field team focus from what I call pricing and growth to growth and pricing, meaning growth is primary. That's the only thing we asked him to do, but you always have to have something as number one priority and right now we believe it's smart to have growth as the number one priority. So, this shift moves this team back to what I would call their natural state, and we're seeing strong results in all of our leading indicators. Net business is accelerating. It was virtually flat year-on-year in Q1, up 10% in Q2, was up over 40% in Q3. We really need roughly 15% year-on-year to continue the growth trajectory that we'd like to see. At the same time while we're accelerating our net new business, the team has continued to deliver on pricing which excluding upstream in Q3 was up 3%; and very importantly, our customer retention has improved throughout the year as well, so our pricing efforts are not leading to declining retention trends. Finally, I feel very good about our priorities, our plan and the execution. So, we got on cost early, we remain on cost, we've got a great job securing the needed pricing as we've discussed, we've also shifted successfully to driving new business; and as I mentioned are starting to see those results while continuing to secure pricing. We're also driving the critical investment for sustained advantage like digital, like SAP, like people development and like the upstream spin. So now, let me turn it back to Mike, who will open up the Q&A session.
Mike Monahan: That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, would you please begin the question-and-answer period.
Operator: Yes, thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] And our first question comes from the line of John McNulty with BMO capital Markets.
John McNulty: With regard to the reprioritization around new business development versus pricing kind of moving the volumes sort of front of I guess of the queue. I guess, how quickly can you get that shift to start really working on the volumes? And I guess also, how should we be thinking about what this means for price mix as we look to 2020 as well?
Doug Baker: Yes, it's a little different by business. I would say in industrial, there's usually a couple quarter lag between securing significant new business and when you start seeing it show up in the P&L. Institutional, that lag can be a bit shorter call it a quarter and a half. So, there's always a takes a little time for what I would call accelerating new business trends to show up in the growth trend and make a difference. We would expect to have one I think historically good pricing. Next year, we're going to enter the year with very good carry in momentum. We will continue to price in this environment. It's just going to be and we just -- I mean, honestly, it's about as simple as it sounds. We were late getting on pricing. Sales teams hate doing pricing. It's a contentious discussion with customers who are they who they're trying to be like us. And so, this is always a hard thing to get sales teams excited and motivated around and you've got to make a call. We rang the bell little over a year ago on pricing. They started making very material difference as a consequence of that, and we now know given the situation where they can raw markets is broadly economically, it's smart to get on volume. So, I think what you'll see is an increasing volume trend going throughout the year, but we'll take a few quarters for you to see material change.
John McNulty: And then maybe just a quick question on the Industrial segment and the overall growth actually looked relatively robust considering some of the macro back drop. I guess can you speak to the condition of the end markets that you're seeing and, and what that means in terms of some shared gain that it looks like you may have been picking up?
Doug Baker: Yes, I think our industrial business I would agree, I think it's fared pretty well. I mean, it shows up for instance water looking like it went from an eight to five we really probably think it went down two points and this is several factors. I mean, certainly some markets are softening but it's not stopping across the board in the industrial areas. There is a number of places where it's still quite strong and we see those areas. So the F&B business, chemical plants, commercial buildings, life sciences is example those markets are really an impacted whereas steel, auto and paper which I think there is a lot of noise around and we would also say we see some of that softening there as well. But with that said, I think we view this market. I mean if this is a conditions wherein we think ultimately our new business efforts will overcome a lot of that song thing maybe not 100% of it, but we can still grow it a very good clip in that business and obviously if it gets dramatically worse then we'll have to update our forecast, but that's not what we see right now.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Vincent Andrews: Maybe, if you could just help us unpack the volume performance as we strip out energy and then the low margin businesses you exited, if you can just kind of walk us through the segments and where you were happier where you think there's more work to be done?
Doug Baker: We would -- I don't I've ever had a quarter where I thought I was happy with our volume growth. And this would include it, meaning we have aggressive targets that we go chase. But if you unpack it your take away, paper was down this year and in the Energy segment, we probably lost a point in total. So without those, we will be up a point, but that's not where we need to be, which is really why sort of this shift in emphasis. We have very good trends in pricing and other things. We know we're going to have good carry-in. We've got to get moving on adding even more share. I would point out against every one of our major competitors, we track wins and losses we've gained share against all of them, but you've got to go on a really major share gain strategy when you have softening markets.
Vincent Andrews: If I could, just as a follow-up to that into the pricing pivot, are there specific new business initiatives that you're putting in place, is it product-specific or is it digital new technology, ERP system driven? Or is it just basic blocking and tackling?
Doug Baker: Well, we all use innovation as one of the primary, if you will, means to the end i.e. we bring additional benefit to customers, new and our existing and that's absolutely critical to equipping the sales team to have good success in new business. So certainly, the new digital efforts that we've had are starting to bear fruit. We're seeing it in a number of accounts, in QSR where we really led in the Institutional side, we're seeing it in food retail as well and water was one of the early adopters and we've seen very strong efforts around there as well. But with that said, there has been clear new target established for the last four months of the year, what we're trying to achieve, what kind of momentum we're trying to drive. I think the sales teams love these initiatives, they're all over it it's clearly tracked, clearly monitored it's led by Christophe Beck, our COO and that initiative will also, we're quite confident, help us gain volume momentum as well as pricing momentum.
Operator: Next question is coming from the line of Gary Bisbee with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your questions. Mr. Bisbee, your line is open for questions. Moving on, our next question will be coming from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: My first question is just also just to follow up quickly on the pricing shift. What changed between I guess today and the prior quarter, is it just any backdrop that the -- weakness in the Industrial side or was it just -- may be just a little bit more color on why the decision was made today?
Doug Baker: Well, it wasn't really made today. It was obviously made several months ago. And as we start moving this shift, I mean you got to -- it takes little time to enact it. This is like a natural occurrence for us. Sooner or later, our natural bent is growth then pricing, and so what I would call, it was a call to get back to natural state versus sort of a -- abnormal state where it's pricing over growth. And as we look at the situation we saw a rise, if you will, stabilizing in terms of market, in fact, we had a little daylight in Q3 year-on-year i.e. raws were slightly cheaper this year than they were a year ago in total when we net everything out And so that condition certainly, you know, what's we had forecast, we started to see that, in fact, it was true. And it takes a little time for these shifts to start bearing fruit. So you got to be a little bit ahead of the curve not behind it. There is no doubt that all the pricing actions that are in flight are going to be completed by the sales team. We continue to monitor that I'd point out that we had still strong new business growth, even when pricing was in front. So we'll continue to have good pricing effort even when growth is in front.
Manav Patnaik: And then just your comments on the net new business, the acceleration from 0 to 10 to 40, I guess in the fourth quarter or broadly just some thoughts on how we should interpret that into growth next year because I think you said all you need is really 15%. So that 40% sounds a stand-out there?
Doug Baker: Yes. And it's not a relatively small number right in terms of the whole P&L. So, I mean if I wanted to give you a very simplistic example if you've got a business in a $100 million and it loses 5% a year in attrition. Then if you want to grow at 7% you're going to need to add 12% new business. Somehow let's pretend it only comes from net new gains in corporate accounts, we have some businesses like that. Kay, would be like that really the only sell corporate accounts, well as you go through this, you start doing the math that 12%, it's got to continue to grow each year, roughly a 15% rate, if you want to continue to grow at 7%. And so that's how we look at this and so we measure this very closely, we like to be more around the 20% rate, so that we have some wiggle room if you will, in our numbers and those are the types of things that we look at because they're good forward indicators for us. But as I mentioned, I think John had asked the question. It doesn't, it's not like an immediate show-up. So if we land, a new contract, we will count it as new business that day, it may take us three to four months to fully install and to realize that volume, but at the same time we are counting losses, the day it's announced, even though it may take four to six months for that loss to fully see itself into our P&L, and we think that's important. And so really this whole number is really a measure of our of our large wins and losses, principally in corporate accounts.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Gary Bisbee: Okay. Let's see if this works this time, I guess, Doug, one more cut at the revenue. There is a number of areas where the comps were actually quite a bit tougher. F&B, paper being too. You talked about timing at Life Sciences. We know you walked away from some low-margin business that at Institutional recently, like how much of the sequential deceleration is sort of those factors that can normalize relative to actual change in the underlying trajectory like, because of weaker macro conditions or other items?
Doug Baker: Yes, I think in Industrial, I mean I think when you normalize you get like this, I mean, if we were going to just to kind of top size this thing, it's a there's like a 2 point apparent deceleration. I mean we are still going to grow on our higher base. We would call it 1 point market and 1 point is sort of gear shift from pricing to new business. And that's why we know we get on this new business, we're already starting to see the results, we know we will end up, if you will, gaining back some of that sales momentum. Now we aren't going to be able to cover any market condition. Nobody's ever expected us to nor will we promise that we can, but if the conditions remain more or less like they are today. We think this is still a relatively good market for us to continue to perform in the fashion that we're performing.
Gary Bisbee: And then a quick follow-up just on pricing, you said you expect to enter 2020 still having pretty solid pricing, but obviously, the comps get more difficult as we move out because you start lapping the bigger price increases you've gotten. What's reasonable to think about over the next year? I mean is it sort of like the 1% or so that's been the long-term average or 1% to 2% or anyway to help us.
Doug Baker: Yes, I would say, it's not going to be at the current rate, which really when you strip out as I mentioned, Upstream averages up, right, it's a little over 2.5%. It's about the rate that we expect in the fourth quarter and it is going to slow through the year, but we will be significantly above our normalized 1% calling almost terminal rate that we have. So I think we're in a position next year where we don't forecast inflation really in our raw material base to still have benefit from pricing.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Doug, can you discuss the competitive dynamics in U.S. institutional and any concern that -- may be more aggressive view on the new business development might elicit some price response from your large competitor?
Doug Baker: Yes, David, I haven't, we haven't seen huge change in their behavior really anywhere, I would say, as we look at our wins and losses against our main Institutional F&B competitor, it's 4 times more wins than losses. And so our advantage, I think in technology and feet on the street and ability honestly to deliver great value I think continues to show up. So I mean, I'm just -- the numbers that we have, we don't see it. If we look at retention kind of ex the large margin walk away situation, we have very good retention, and so we're not seeing it. We're not getting nickels and dimes with small, medium accounts. Our retention has actually improved in Industrial throughout the year, which is terrific given the very strong pricing performance that they've had. So that's what we know.
David Begleiter: Very good. And just on buybacks, Doug, you bought back no stock in the quarter, is that due to more active M&A pipeline and how is M&A pipeline today?
Doug Baker: Yes, we've got a large pipeline I've mentioned this and we're obviously going after a number of what I'd call middle to smaller deals. I think we also have larger folks that we'd be interested in, but there you got to be pretty, pretty price disciplined. Typically they're longer -- they're companies with the history and your ability to improve them is X, but not X times three, and so we need to make sure that we're going to get a return for our shareholders over any reasonable period of time. I would say I never really want a recession, but I mean if there is an upside and there is a recession coming, I just can't tell you what year it's going to be, it will be a better M&A environment. 
Operator: Next question is from the line of John Roberts with UBS. Please proceed with your question. 
John Roberts : Doug, thanks. In the Institutional SBU, for the business that was exited, was that business that Ecolab never should have been in, or was it business that you've got in and then the customers eroded in that business? And then if you can characterize for us the businesses that you are exiting? 
Doug Baker : Yes. No, we were in that business a long time, the value equation we had was favorable. The offers that were put on the table for the customers were dramatic decreases on what I would characterize as lower margin business for us before we ever would consider meeting those deals. And so while it was good, it was going to be upside down if we met those like bids. And so, we chose not to do that. We of course continue to try to secure the business at a much different price than was being offered and the customers made a choice. This has happened. I mean, this isn't the first time, I wish it would be the last. And as I mentioned before, we've been through -- we went through a wave of this in F&B for a number of years, I would say we secured almost all of that business back. I can't really think of one that we have and I'm sure there is one. We've had in Institutional over years. It kind of moves by region. And in many cases, we've re-secured that business as well. So we've got to maintain price discipline. Going -- selling customers for a cash loss just doesn't make any sense to us. And I -- we do not believe our cost advantage or we have this monster cost disadvantage, I think we just understand the cost of doing the business quite well. 
John Roberts : And then post-spin, will you put the downstream energy business into the Industrial segment? And are the margins about the same as the overall industrial segment currently? 
Doug Baker : Yes, downstream will end up in the Industrial segment. In fact, their margins are higher. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions. 
Dan Rizzo : Hi guys, this is Dan Rizzo on for Laurence. How are you? So with the pricing and the shift to growth for next year, is there a certain threshold with external factors that would kind of make you shift your policy again. I mean would be a spike in oil or I mean how do you think about it if things were to change in terms of the input cost environment? 
Doug Baker : Yes, well absolutely, I mean you can draw a scenario where it would be smart to re-prioritize again, input pricing had a growth. We aren't anticipating that environment obviously but should it happen, we could pivot quickly there. 
Operator: Next question is coming from the line of Christopher Parkinson with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question. 
Christopher Parkinson : Your results in F&B continue to do pretty well on enterprise selling across water pest elimination among a few other substrates. Can you just give us an intermediate to long-term update on where these initiatives stand? Where they could go in 2021? And just are there any other glaring enterprise selling opportunities within Industrial comparable to F&B? Thank you. 
Doug Baker : Well, yes, I would probably characterize it as -- why don't I say within water just because it's really water and F&B partnering very successfully. And honestly, there are a lot of legs left in that partnership. There is many customers where we may have small penetration of the combined concept, but not full enterprise and there are others where we haven't penetrated yet at all. So I would say I think the team has done a great job. But there is still plenty of room left to go even there. With that said, if you look at the water match up with Institutional, particularly in the hotel segment and with healthcare and the hospital for acute care segment, there is a significant upside. With water and life sciences is, pharma continues to make sure that they create really sterile boundaries even external to they're building et cetera. So there are a number of initiatives and opportunities as we go forward. The data that we're getting and the new capabilities to digital just enhance our capability to what I would say it, marry these solutions to create outsized impact for customers. 
Christopher Parkinson : Got it. You've also -- lot more with products and service programs in healthcare over the last 12 months to 18 months, including some stuff internationally. Can you just quickly walk us through the two to three key growth drivers for our 2020 in both the U.S. and abroad just given the strategy evolution? Thank you. 
Doug Baker : Yes, look, I would say, number one, continue driving the program, selling initiatives that are already underway. They continue to have success. We know long-term that's one of the smartest strategies and the team continues to work to pull what I would call some commoditized segments and wrap them with digital capability to create additional programs moving forward. The other, as we discussed at the Investor Conference that we had is OEM Solutions. A lot of this is marrying our capability and other med-tech device companies' capabilities and creating joint solutions that really gives both sides an advantage and these can be quite sticky as well. Those would be two big initiatives that we continue to push. We continue on Anios to push internationally and geographic moves outward using their technology where we don't want to build, if you will, a ground-up Ecolab healthcare business and we continue to build out countries like Australia, China et cetera with more traditional Ecolab full service approach. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with G. Research. Please proceed with your question. 
Rosemarie Morbelli : Doug, looking at downstream energy, you mentioned the timing of new business start-up and timing of also maintenance. Could you give us an estimate of the impact on the downstream growth? And then, is that a business that you can catch up in the fourth quarter or do you have to wait until the spring of next year because of weather? 
Doug Baker : Yes, no, I mean the downstream business will we think be much better in the fourth quarter, because of the timing issues that we discussed. So mid-single-digits type performance. I would say, downstream is not that much different than some of the other businesses. They have been clearly all over pricing as well and have done a very good job securing pricing. It's helped them drive significant enhancement in margin, because they had to rebuild margins as well as a result of raw material price inflation. And so, they are also in a shift to make sure that they get on and have growth and pricing but growth first, as they start driving share gains and they've got plenty of opportunities to do that. 
Rosemarie Morbelli : And then quickly if you could touch on how much business overall you may have lost because of your pricing strategy? And then if you could update us on the transaction, the Holchem transaction in the UK, where do you stand? 
Doug Baker : Well, the Holchem, I mean I think it has been announced, we have a disagreement with the anti-trust authorities. Unfortunately, the power in this disagreement is asymmetrical. Just the same, we plan to challenge it through the legal channels that are available to us. But clearly, it's not a positive. And so, we just have to let that and move through the courts. In terms of -- customers we lost because of pricing. I mean aside from the conversation we've just had around those two customers in Institutional, which is now well over a year old story in terms of when we got the news, we dont know -- I don't know of -- I'm sure there is a few but not material and the best evidence is the evidence I cited earlier, which is what we call our retention, which we measure very carefully by business. Our retention corporately is better and it's improved throughout the year in Industrial. So we don't really see the pricing has had an adverse effect on our customer base. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mike Harrison with Seaport Global Securities. Please proceed with your question. 
Mike Harrison : Was wondering about the water business, you mentioned some softening in autos and steel. Can you talk a little bit about how those markets were trending during the third quarter and into Q4 were they worsening? And I guess kind of the heart of my question is that autos have been weak for some time. So is it that they're shut down activity that happened in Q3? And I guess why didn't -- why haven't autos looked weaker earlier in the year, because they've been under some pressure for some time? 
Doug Baker : Yes autos I think as you know well publicized scenario. So I don't think we see a situation where that turns around by any means in Q4. I mean you might have GM. It was a specific customer because strike on and strike off. But aside from that I mean autos weakened throughout the quarter and we would expect them to remain weak in Q4 as we go through.  In terms of steel, we got more of mixed message as it goes. I mean we secured new business in that area. But overall, I mean the steel business as a consequence, in part because of autos and other Industrial is down. But we don't look at that one as hopeless as that business continues to grow. We would expect it to grow in the fourth quarter. 
Mike Harrison : And then a question on the F&B business, just looking for an update on the protein market. You mentioned that, that market grew moderately during the quarter, but was wondering specifically if you can comment on what you're seeing related to African swine fever and the impact that that's had on protein markets? 
Doug Baker : Yes, I don't think that's going to have a material impact on us, given most of our exposure in protein would be beef and chicken. So we've seen the protein business continues to grow. It's low single-digits. We would expect more of the same. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of PJ Juvekar with Citi. Please proceed with your question. 
Eric Petrie : Good afternoon, this is Eric Petrie on for PJ. Doug, your volume and mix was flat in the quarter, how do you think that compares versus underlying industry trends? 
Doug Baker : Well, as we mentioned earlier that's heavily influenced by Energy, right, which was off considerably and also paper. I think even those declines were very much in line with industry trend. You might even argue we held sort of our gain share in those markets. And then on the balance, I think now I mean how many -- I've got a lot of industries to walk through, but I would say, I think if you look in total, I think we're -- if you look at our net wins and net losses what we think is actually going on in the markets, I would say we feel we are gaining share, but not at the rate that we want to or need to in the market environment we're in right now. 
Eric Petrie : In healthcare, your team has been innovative with product launches including digital dashboards, predictive analytics, and core temperature fluid management. Do you think that's enough to get the top-line growth higher? 
Doug Baker : Well, we're bouncing around the low to mid-single digits, right now. I think it's going to take us a while to move out of that range. So I think those things are going to enable us to do it. But as we talked in the Investor Conference, I mean we need to continue if you will, evolving the portfolio much more to grow. Some of that we do by taking things that have been commoditized and putting them in the growth category. And some, it's just over time, the stuff in the growth category grows faster than the stuff not and we start seeing a natural shift as we go. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Wittmann with Robert W Baird. Please proceed with your questions. 
Andrew Wittmann : Yes, there's been a lot of questions on kind of the top-line, I wanted to dig in a little bit more into the margin profile. I mean if you look over the course of the year, the SG&A margin has been falling each quarter sequentially around here from like 29%, 27%, this quarter about 25% and you're guiding 25% SG&A in the fourth quarter. I guess as we look at that 25% in the quarter and then guidance for the fourth quarter, is there anything unusual in that, that makes that unusually low or anything or is that kind of the way to be thinking about it as we head into 2020? 
Doug Baker : Yes, there is no big news in there that would say makes it look artificially low. I mean certainly, we work on productivity routinely. We still believe there is productivity in front of us as we leverage more effectively new tools, i.e., we need to equip our teams with capabilities to enable them to manage more business successfully. And we are working on those tools all the time, they are always in flight. And so we do not believe by any means that we're at the end of like our productivity journey, but we've got to do it in a way that makes sense i.e can people adopt the new technology, does it work, does it truly enable us to continue to serve customers the right way? And I think we've done a good job doing that as evidenced by both retention, which is good and continued decline in SG&A ratio. 
Andrew Wittmann : Great, thanks for that. I guess my follow-up question would be, I guess similar on the gross margin side. Obviously, there's a lot of factors that have -- that go into this. In the last couple of quarters, you're starting to see some gross margin leverage from the pricing, which is great to see. I was just wondering what the bigger puts and takes are Doug that you're looking at on the gross margin side? Obviously raw materials has been the story for many, many years now. Are there other factors that come out of your cost efficiency initiatives that you've got in place, which I think were largely SG&A based, but are there other puts and takes besides the raw material complex that could factor into your gross margin performance as you head into 2020? 
Doug Baker : Yes, no, I think there is a number. I mean, one, we got on a lot of formulation work and what I would call is optimizing where we make what in particularly the Energy business, they were impacted by the SAP roll-out that we had. That was really more on what I would call legacy Ecolab plants primarily. So as a consequence they were liberated, they weren't frozen. And so you see even there in tough volume situation good gross profit and very good leverage that is both SG&A and a lot of the work in the plants et cetera. That opportunity exists across the board and the supply chain SAP work is largely done. We got a few plants left to do, but it's really not material, and now those plants are leveraging the new tool, understanding and having more clarity about what's happening in terms of all the way through freight, but making -- we do a batch process should we be rethinking formulation structure and the rest. And so a lot of this work is still in front of us and I would say greatly enhanced and enabled by the work we just did with SAP. There is also clearly work to be done on SG&A. And so this is why we still believe, delivering double-digit EPS is really the right path and the way to think about it going forward, because we can grow and we can also grow while obtaining leverage, not just through volume but through efficiency work both in plants and in SG&A. 
Operator: Thank you. We've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I will turn the floor back to Mike Monahan for closing comments. 
Mike Monahan : Thank you. That wraps up our third quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated discussion slides will be available for replay on our website. Thank you for your time and participation and our best wishes for the rest of the day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude todays teleconference. And you may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-30 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ecolab's Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Release. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mike Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Mr. Monahan, you may now begin.
Mike Monahan: Thank you. Hello everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's second quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO; and Dan Schmechel, our CFO. A discussion of our results, along with our earnings release and the slides referencing the quarter's results and our outlook are available on Ecolab's Web site at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements in these materials, stating that this teleconference and the associated supplemental materials include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are discussed under Risk Factors section in our most recent Form 10-K and in our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with a brief overview of the results, continued good sales growth and strong margin expansion drove Ecolab's double-digit earnings per share growth in the second quarter. Pricing, new business gains and product innovation led the sales and operating income growth, which along with cost efficiency actions yielded the second quarter's 12% adjusted diluted earnings per share increase. Moving to some highlights in the quarter, and as discussed in our press release, acquisition-adjusted fixed currency sales increased 4% as the Industrial and Other segments both showed strong sales gains. We realized improved growth from the Institutional segment and a modest gain from Energy. Adjusted fixed currency operating income margins increased 120 basis points, continuing the good acceleration shown throughout 2018 and into 2019. Growth we led by double-digit gains in the Industrial and Other segments. Adjusted earnings per share increased 12% to $1.42, representing another quarter of double-digit adjusted EPS growth. Currency translation was an unfavorable $0.05 per share in the quarter. Progress continues on the spin-off of our upstream energy business. We continue to expect spin-off to be completed by mid 2020. We continue to work aggressively to drive our growth, winning new business through our innovative new products and sales and service expertise, as well as diving pricing, productivity, and cost efficiencies to grow our top and bottom lines and improve rates across all of our segments. Our digital investments are developing well, and we look for them to add an expanding range of new actionable insights for customers to improve their operations, enhance their experience working with us, and increase our sales force effectiveness. We continue to expect consolidated 2019 adjusted diluted earnings per share to rise 10% to 14% to the $5.80 to $6.00 range. As volume and price gains and cost efficiency benefits more than offset the impact of moderated delivered product cost increases and business investments. Currency translation is expected to be an unfavorable $0.11 per share in 2019. Third quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the $1.65 to $1.75 range, up 8% to 14%. In summary, we expect continued good top line momentum in 2019, which should more than offset moderated delivered cost and unfavorable currency exchange, and along with cost efficiency actions yield 10% to 14% adjusted diluted earnings per share growth. We continue to make the right investments in the key areas for differentiation, including product innovation and digital investments to develop superior growth this year, and for the future. And now here's Doug Baker with some comments.
Doug Baker: Thanks, Mike, and hello. Look, it was a very solid quarter, adjusted EPS up 12% versus year ago. We had a number of standout performances, led by water at 8% organic, life sciences, which was up 43% but importantly 14% organic, F&B up 9%, 5% organic, and pest 7% organic. And we also saw solid improvement in our Institutional and healthcare businesses. So continued strong pricing work, new business efforts led by innovation, all helped drive a 14% improvement in operating income, which reflects a 120 basis point improvement in ROI ratio at fixed currency. So was delivered, importantly, while executing the key final steps in our U.S. SAP rollout, which is now largely behind us. So as we sit here today, we feel we're in a very good position. We've got significant growth opportunities, our teams are focused on driving new business and having success, margins are expanding via pricing and cost saving efforts, and all of our initiatives have legs, they're early. So as a result, I remain quite confident we'll meet our dual objectives of delivering the year, and importantly, exiting with great momentum. So with that, I'll turn it back to Mike.
Mike Monahan: Thanks, Doug. That concludes our formal remarks. As a final note before we start Q&A, we plan to hold our 2018 investor day on Thursday, September 5. If you have any questions, please contact my office. Operator, would you please begin the question-and-answer period.
Operator: Yes, thank you. We'll now be conducting the question-and-answer session. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one brief follow-up question per caller so that others will have a chance to participate. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Dan Dolev with Nomura. Please proceed with your questions.
Dan Dolev: Hey guys, thank you so much for taking my question. So looks like a great quarter when it comes the cost control, et cetera. It looks like your guiding your gross margin up by 50 basis points for the year. Two questions here, a, how much confidence do you have in that increase in the guide, Doug. And the second question is, if I think about sort of the EPS impact for this it's north of, I think, $0.10 potentially. You do have some interest savings, maybe a little bit more shares, like why not take up the EPS guidance; I mean this seems quite conservative? Thank you.
Doug Baker: Well, I guess from the first question on gross margin, I mean we feel good about our ability to continue to drive improvements in gross margin. Q2 reported had a negative year-on-year gross margin, not significant. But that was really driven fundamentally by the fact that we just produced less in that quarter. And that was taking down inventories, as we had a successful SAP rollout we built them in the first quarter, and actually in Q4, so we really reduced the inventories fairly dramatically, four days in Q2 versus Q1. And we also had lower sales in our WellChem business. So that's really the sum total of why you didn't see a little daylight between gross margin this year versus last year. So we see raws [ph] holding, getting marginally better, pricing continues. So we have a good deal of confidence that we'll see improvement for the year in gross margin, estimating, call it around, 50 basis points plus-minus for the year. Your question as to -- well, we've got pluses and minuses in the year, we always do. You identified a couple, interest income is a plus versus what we expected, raw materials are a minus-plus as we sit here today. Of course that can change. But as we look what will be minor plus versus our plan. But then you've got volume negative really just in the upstream business, and really principally in WellChem. And so that's the negative. They sort of neutralize each other. There is certainly some of the margin increase as just a function of a little lower sales as a consequence of WellChem volume coming down, which by itself is a lower margin too. So I think we feel we have a very balanced outlook. We're continuing very significant investments in the business. We are undertaking and finalizing SAP. The high risk stuff is all behind us, 100% of the U.S. supply chain is on it now, the key parts. And so we feel like we're in very good shape in a number of areas. And we're forecasting midpoint, like a 12%. So, it's a good year, and importantly we feel we'll have very good momentum exiting the year.
Dan Dolev: Great, excellent results. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Gary Bisbee with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Gary Bisbee: Hey guys, good afternoon. Doug, as we exited last year the sales momentum had built, and I think the expectation was that that momentum would continue. And yet things have slowed a bit year-to-date. I realize Energy is a big component of that, and I guess to a certain extent Institutional, you've walked away from some low margin business. But how are you thinking about sales momentum overall and is this 4% or 5% type of number the last two quarters, is that pretty good number to think about going forward or is there a case that there could be some acceleration from here in the back-half of the year? Thanks.
Doug Baker: Well, I think you touched on the two issues. I mean one is upstream sales are softer than expected and softer than last year, and Institutional losses. If you exclude the upstream business we have 6% sales, 5% organic, and that, it would include the Institutional losses this year. So I think underneath we feel good. I mean we were growing organically, watered 8%. I highlighted a number of standout divisions. And I think this 5% organic would easily be 6% with the normalized losses in Institutional which we will see beginning first quarter of next year. So I think we're in good shape there. We continue to drive pricing at the same time and manage a number of other initiatives. I don't think there's ever any satisfaction here with whatever the print is on our sales number, we always want another point or another two. But I don't believe that's an issue at this in point. And importantly, the net new business results are accelerating particularly in institutional which is the best leading indicator we have of future results.
Gary Bisbee: Great. Thanks. And then just a quick follow-up, any -- how are you seeing the macros, thinking about the macros these days, a lot of headlines about slowing in China. Obviously, Europe remains relatively weak, is that having much impact on the trending in revenue, or has it not changed that much from your advantage point? Thank you.
Doug Baker: Yes, I agree with the headlines. I mean we see some of it in China too. But for the year, we were estimating mid to upper single digit growth in China. And China is a size it's $0.5 billion, so it's not going to have a huge seesaw affect on our overall results. Yes, I don't think the economy is hitting our results right now. There is significant share in front of us. We can continue to drive it. There are economic conditions obviously that can't impact. We are not bulletproof, but we tend to perform better than most in poor economic times. But at this point in time, I wouldn't blame the economy. I think all in all we are doing what we need to do to continue to push sales and push pricing and the other things forward. And I think the environment is favorable enough to allow us to do that.
Gary Bisbee: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tim Mulrooney with William Blair. Please proceed with your question. Mr. Mulrooney, your line is open for question.
Tim Mulrooney: Sorry about that. Good afternoon, Doug. The performance in your water business has been outstanding over the last call it four quarter or little more maybe. I know the strong organic growth is a combination of many different factors. But in terms of share gains, if you look at the light business and the heavy business, you look at the different geographies; can you talk a little bit about where your product innovation is really having an impact with respect to new business wins et cetera?
Doug Baker: Yes. There have been a number of areas. Obviously as you just highlighted, I mean the water business is strong across many fronts, which is one of the secrets. It's particular strength recently is an initiative that we had really coupling what I would call our food safety hygiene business with water. Particularly in the food & beverage area, we have had a number of just huge wins in that area because there is real synergy when you combine the two. We have a unique ability to do and deliver value in that way versus competition. So we have significant competitive advantage, i.e., we can bring outside value to customers that others can't. And as a result, we have seen dramatic share wins there. But this isn't the only area that we can do that. We are now taking in into some core parts of the institutional arena where we also believe the combination can have significant impact as we move forward. But the fundamental business, how they are executing, how we are looking at leveraging 3D TRASAR, how we digitize much of the business and give us more visibility -- gives us much more visibility. And in turn allows us to do much more for customers. All these things are helping drive share gains.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks. And then my second question is digital business. Are there any quantifiable metrics that you could share with us with respect to digital innovation efforts to give us a better idea how the program is moving along maybe and in terms of the number of users today, your pilot programs in the field or data scientists on staff, or anything you can point to say, hey, we are in a different place than we were two years ago?
Doug Baker: Well, we certainly are, I would say a couple of years ago, I mean we probably tripled sales what we called digitally enabled over the last couple of years. We have had a bunch of sizeable wins this year as the technology and the investments that we have been making over the last few years are now bearing fruit because they are marketable if you will. What we will do is spend real-time in the Investor Day meeting that we have coming up in September quantifying and discussing this in more detail that will obviously be webcast to even those who can't make it in person can certainly hear. And we are working and developing. We have a number of internal metrics that we have been refining. What we want to do is make sure we have the right metrics to point our investors to, i.e., the ones that we think are best indications of leading wins and leading results. And so, we've been doing a lot of work there. So certainly it's digitally enabled sales. It is number of people on hand, but its number of units that we're touching type of information that we're pulling, et cetera. All those things are moving in the right direction. We feel good about the effort. But this is an area where you can't move fast enough. And I think the more we learn, the more we know we have to learn and also the better we feel about the upside potential. This technology represents for our ability to make a difference with our customers. So it's all good, but we're going to do spend some real time on it now in September.
Tim Mulrooney: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you. Good afternoon, Doug obviously your sales pipeline today. I think gives you confidence that the macro environment that everyone's worried about maybe doesn't impact in India to medium-term. But I guess, a couple of years ago when GDP wasn't that wanted to bring your top line wasn't as fast. So is there something I guess the changes made over that period of time today? Does that give you more confidence that you'd probably be able to outpace that video sales pipeline the way it's executed in the last few years?
Doug Baker: Yes, I mean, the only safe answer is, look I think we've done a number of things to further strengthen competitive advantage, the digital conversation that we just talked in that area, certainly one of the areas. With that said, and I mentioned this, we're not bulletproof. So yes, the economy drops dramatically. It's going to impact us, but I don't believe it pulls us negative and really it hasn't, even if you go back to the '08, '09 episodes. We kept our nose above water or be it barely during that period of time. So we do a good job during the downturn, a lot of it is the nature of what we sell, how we are going to market. The trade, we asked from customers, i.e., invest in our technology and you're going to get 2 and 3 back in returns is a very effective story even in difficult times. So, I don't want to say that it's not going to have any impact. That's not our history, but I think it's a muted impact versus other companies.
Manav Patnaik: Okay. Got it. And then just on the margin side, and then obviously, the guidance implies that second-half margins were kind of an outside period, assuming raw material costs are in check or as expected, should we expect, next year to have kind of a similar showing on the margin side or there other moving pieces we should be considering?
Doug Baker: Yes, I was a little wary of talking about the next year, so early in this year. But I guess what we've alluded to once we introduced the accelerated cost savings initiative. There are conversations. If you read back, I mean, we did indicate if we normally run a call at a 40 to 50 basis point improvement, accelerate should be added up to that we acknowledge that. This year we would expect OI margins to create over 100 basis points. You all things being equal, I don't, I don't think it's a one-year phenomenon, but there's a lot that I don't know about next year i.e. FX raw materials, economic environment, et cetera. So I'm a little wary of coming out too strongly on that. But what we're working hard to do is setup the scenario where that's the type of capability we have from a delivery standpoint i.e. when I reference in my upfront comments, we're leaving the year with momentum. We want both top line and margin momentum as we leave the year because then you have a lot of tools to deal with whatever the environment is going to be.
Manav Patnaik: Got it. All right. Thank you, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Laurence Alexander: Good afternoon. I guess two questions. One, could you give us a what the -- sort of longer term run rates and then the recent growth rate in the -- remain co energy, the piece that you're keeping? So we can think about what a benchmark is for the next few years. And secondly, from where you sit now, is there a way to leverage the digital platforms into healthcare to accelerate the business there or how's your thinking evolved around the need for scale in that business to improve to top line growth?
Doug Baker: Yes, so I'll just touch on healthcare first. The healthcare teams been one of our leaders in digital innovation in their business and it already has significant sales. We have really, I think the best in class hand hygiene system, monitoring system for acute care adoption rate continues to pick up and move forward there. We've got great technology and monitoring and measuring our ability to knock down healthcare acquired infections which is a big and important measurement. So there are a number of areas where there's been real innovation and I think the team as they become more aware of capabilities are starting to drive this to other parts of the program. So, our healthcare business in the quarter was 4% and 3% organic, it was 6% organic in Europe and double-digit in other regions, North America, U.S. in particular was flat. But I think what the teams are doing well is they're identifying where they have really strong growth opportunities medium and long-term and they're increasing their focus on those areas and getting after them and that includes some of the digital efforts that I spoke to. The other question you had around downstream. So there are three components to our energy business today, there's oilfield chemicals, there's WellChem, those two comprise upstream that's being spun and downstream is remaining with the company and being folded into the industrial businesses. It'll be still a standalone business but it will report up into the industrial group, the downstream businesses about a $1 billion in size, it grew last year at mid single digits, it grew same in Q2, it's expanding margins this year around 200% as its pricing is catching up to raw materials this year as well. It's well above average in terms of OI margin for the corporation. Great return on capital, it's a very similar business to our other industrial businesses. The mid single digit is sort of what we expect out of that business when we're executing well and we've got advantage technology there, we have leading share and we continue to gain share in the market with that business.
Laurence Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of John Roberts with UBS. Please shoot your question.
John Roberts: Thank you. Nice quarter, is it fair to think about the pest business, pest elimination is a leading indicator for the institutional segment in that pest is a little bit more discretionary, so the fact that it's performing so strong for so long, it argues well for the momentum in the institutional business?
Doug Baker: I would say the pest business look it's the largest component will be in institutional but it's got a fairly sizable share in industrial too. What's similar about the two businesses is execution matters quite a bit and what the pest team has really done over the last, I call it five, six years is stepped up their execution considerably. We went through a few years you may recall where it was low single digits. Everybody was kind of what's wrong with past. We put it into the shop, it came out and it's really done incredibly well growing at high single digit organic growth rates for a really several years now in a row. I don't know what if it's a perfect proxy or not. I would say our institutional business. I am not worried about it from a long-term standpoint; I wish it was growing faster this year. Yes that would align me with every member of the institutional team. With that said, I think they're doing exactly what they need to do, they are driving sales, they are driving innovation and driving execution particularly in Europe. We're seeing positive signs net business is up double-digits in institutional. The innovation focus and the execution focus is starting to show results in Europe albeit slowly but we expect Europe to improve towards second largest institutional business we have in the world, we need to get that thing moving and we still have such significant upside in this business, it can be product penetration in the more developed markets. We have new water opportunities this business which I alluded to but also ones that don't really involve Nalco water per se, but our significant we think upside potential for the business we have sizable share and execution opportunities globally. So we look at this and we talked about being on track to exit the year. I'll remind everybody, I mean like on 12/31 I believe we're going to be at a 4% to 5% run rate in that business as a new business continues to kick in. And most importantly, as the loss business is lapped and all the fundamentals point to that direction. So we're just asking the team to keep doing what they're doing. We believe time heals this thing in that we're going to be in very good shape moving into 2020.
John Roberts: And then secondly at the National Restaurant Association meeting you previewed a lot of digital activities over in the Institutional segment. Is the Industrial segment, as Rich in digital opportunities and obviously the inter ratio is focused towards the institutional markets. So we didn't talk about there but I don't if you can give us a perception of how balance the digital effort is across the two?
Doug Baker: Yes, I'd say, if anything, the Institutional side has been playing catch up to the industrial side, we started a lot of this work and Nalco water in particular part because we had a head start with the acquired technology 3D traits are which was connected to our system assurance center and Pune, India. But as we continue to develop that technology develop our capabilities. That was the first place that we really kind of use that as a tip of the spear for digital innovation because we had knowledge there that we could go leverage. We've taken a lot of the learnings there. And that's really the base of knowledge that we're applying in other businesses, and then obviously customizing it for the challenges at hand. So if anything, and I think you'll see that clearly in September, we have huge significant innovations there, many of which are being commercialized right now that we're quite, quite excited about, just like we do on the institutional side.
John Roberts: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Doug, just on pricing, given some raws are now flattening out coming down. Is there some potential for your pricing to also decelerated in the back half of the year?
Doug Baker: We don't expect it to decelerate in the back half of this year. Obviously if you get a significant raw material give ups, it does have an impact on our ability to get pricing. We don't typically go negative on pricing as you've watched over the years and we don't expect too in the future, but for this year, we expect to have strong pricing throughout the balance of the year.
David Begleiter: Very good. And just on what the S&P implementation done, would you expect the tailwinds to be for you guys from that fully in place now?
Doug Baker: Well, I mean as I, as I said, we've got still some work to be done in a couple of divisions to bring on, but the big divisions in the big risk is really what I would consider behind us. Not in front of us. And we didn't - This is kind of the most mentioned, we've had in the quarter, mostly because we don't have any negative to tell you and we're largely done I look, there is a number of things, when you go through this. One, we know we had increased costs during implementation. Some of these are starting to come out, but there is more that we've got to go get out, you have to shift production, you have to build inventory you have a lot more inter-company freight than you do when you're not doing this you have extra shipments because your service levels are naturally impacted as a consequence of this significant shift, our product supply team I thought did a heck of a job managing through this, but you can see it and have any negative consequences, we know it did. So we know we're going to see some margin come back as we go through this, but most importantly it's a visibility that it gives us going forward. And the reason to make this investment isn't just defense, it's also offense. So, our ability to look at our business understand trends do a better job managing things like freight, things like customer delivery do a better job delivering and do it less money, all of which is even more important today given the escalation in freight pricing that we've seen the last few years, I think it's going to have a number of benefits as we go forward. Now, of course, we build that into our forecast, but it's these kind of cost savings opportunities that we want to continue to build, because these are the levers that we want to have to manage through whatever 2020 throws our way, with a similar environment is this year we're in perfect shape if it's even worse we're in good are decent shape. And that's the type of situation we try to put ourselves in.
David Begleiter: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you very much, Doug, just if I could ask you for more detail on Institutional, last quarter we talked about, there were some customer inventory issues that you thought would reset over 2Q and 3Q couldn't exactly tell the timing, so if you could just update us on where we stand on that it would be great.
Doug Baker: Yes, we got some of the back in the second quarter. We would expect some more coming back in the third and fourth. But I expect this business really to kind of bounce around this 3% level for the balance of the year, it's a little better in that if you adjust for losses and stuff like that, but at that level it is very easy for us to get to the four to five exit rate that I've talked about. So that's what we see in some of that is inventory naturally coming back is it does.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. That actually gets me right question for Dan, which is just looking at the cash flow from operations for the first six months year-over-year is up quite nicely and ahead of the net income gain. So and there were some conversation about the inventory builds around SAP and so forth. Maybe you can just give us a sense of how working capital should trend in the back half of the year, how we should be thinking about overall free cash flow for the year?
Dan Schmechel: Sure. Thank you. So you're right, when we were on the first quarter call Right, taking questions about what was a relatively weak at least year-on-year cash flow performance, clearly that slipped in the second quarter as we expected it to and communicated that it would. And year-on-year, a big part of that is improvement in working capital trends and inventory in particular, if you look at the second quarter last year as Doug indicated, we were really building inventories in anticipation but also sort of a security for the SAP go-live, clearly we flipped that and in year-on-year comparison, inventory is significantly favorable to cash flow, as in fairness is accounts receivable and AP and so it was all in all a very strong quarter for cash flow. If you look over the full-year, I guess I would continue to say what I said last time, which is we - there continue to be opportunities to improve working capital performance somewhat, so we expect inventory balances to come down, but if you drop all the way down to year-to-date free cash flow, the metric that I focus on is where you started, which is we expect to be delivering very strong free cash flow is something like 90% conversion of net income and that will be dependent of course in on other activities that we take that's the number that I would focus on for the full-year. So great quarter feel good about our position to deliver strong free cash flow for the full-year in line with business results. Okay.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. On your consolidated income statement, your product and equipment sales were up 1% year-over-year and your service and lease sales were up six, why was product and equipment so slow and service and lease and growing so quickly?
Doug Baker: Yes, the product was really a consequence of WellChem because WellChem doesn't really have service component per se and so as a consequence, when it's down it has an outsized impact on the product component. I will also say and I'll probably get kicked by my CFO and others we're not big fans of this product service split internally, we manage and look at the business in different ways, because we don't believe it's the best indicator now Dan didn't create as you'll also remind me it was foisted upon us, but we don't believe it's the best way to go work, but the issue you're talking about was really driven by WellChem volume being down which distorts the picture.
Jeff Zekauskas: It's also the case that the margins in service and lease lifted 240 basis points and product and equipment cost of - in the property and equipment piece maybe dropped 120, can you talk about the margin differential why one was lower and the other one was higher?
Doug Baker: Yes, well, the product is back to the earlier conversation which is - we made less product in the quarter, so absorption was a negative as we took down inventories where we four days from Q1 to Q2 and WellChem was down, so you had those double impact and absorption. It was the single biggest issue was or about what we expected pricing was what we expected et cetera. The surface component one, we've got initiatives, it gets a little outsize in terms of what the actual impact was in service, I would say, as we look at it, we don't believe in best illustrates what's going on in the business. And when we look at it, we would say overall gross profit combined was if you take out the inventory move was flat year-on-year roughly, and we had improvement in SG&A across the board. G&A and yes and we don't price this stuff separately. We do bundled pricing. So separating these things is a bit of an artificial game for us.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Christopher Parkinson with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher Parkinson: Thank you. When you break down your industrial business by platform, so commercial off the utility chemical, et cetera, and you should look at all of your longer term opportunities on a global basis, as well as the relative and market growth rates, pricing power capabilities, can you just comment broadly on the longer term margin drivers in terms of mix your expectations, just any sense we could get of on where this business could go over the long-term would be appreciated. Thank you.
Doug Baker: Well, I'd see water across the board where while we say we are the market leader, it's a very similar story to the balance; we are still relatively low in share. And the wind, if you will, or the currents in the water area are very favorable. They're not favorable for the world, but they are favorable for those with technology like ours i.e. water pressures are going to increase, we know water scarcity is only going to worsen something like 70% of the world's GDP is going to be in water scarce areas. As soon as 2030 there's going to be a 40% mismatch between freshwater supply and demand as a consequence of growing middle class and finite water supply, so all those things lead favorable macro environment. And then, we sit here with what we consider best in class technology and capability, helping our customers, reduce water consumption dramatically. This in turn reduces their carbon footprint in energy bill, so they end up saving money, it's the same time they end up saving water, water itself is too cheap, but because it starts saving energy too, you end up with significant savings. This is true in virtually every industry that we are every vertical as you discuss, we compete in and so as a consequence, we feel very good about our positioning in water and our ability to continue to execute, digital will give us more capabilities in terms of shining a light on the difference that we can make, enabling customers to see where they stand in a given industry and what their opportunities are and what types of investments could be made to get, what types to return, all these things we think long-term are favorable to us. And then it's incumbent on us to execute. And that's really what we believe the name of the game here is in water. We bought it because we thought it was going to be an important issue for our customers, we knew it already was. And all we've done since is learned that it's even more important than we probably felt and that leading technology and I would say coupling of equal lab know how it's been a very potent mix.
Christopher Parkinson: Great, thank you. And just as a quick follow-up. On the enterprise selling initiative, obviously this week on and for some time, can you just do a self-report card and how do you think you've done the ongoing opportunities as well as the opportunities still to come. It's clearly been successful in F&B certainly recently, but what are the areas, institutional pest elimination and specialty? Do you still see the largest opportunities? Thank you.
Doug Baker: Yes, with the time of the merger, and I'm going back and my memory is not flawless, but I believe we said that we were chasing a half a billion in terms of synergy sales. And we've more than delivered against that objective. And I would say, if anything, what we've learned across the way is how, how many, and how significant the opportunities are. The next chapter here is continuing what I would call development -- synergistic development i.e. where one innovation on let's say F&B and another innovation on the water side when coupled together, bring even more outsized advantage for customers who choose to buy both from us. We have the same opportunity in institution in a number of market segments as well as, and as we crack that code, we believe we are going to have even more success going forward. But it's still early I would say look, we chased a $120 billion market opportunity conservatively and we are $14 billion - $15 billion. And water is the single largest opportunity of all. And so, we are not sitting here worried about running out of green space in terms of the ability to go generate new business. It's really making sure that we execute and do it well so that we capture it.
Christopher Parkinson: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question is from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone, and congratulations on a strong quarter. Looking at F&B, Doug, the industry was flat. And yet, you reported a strong growth excluding acquisitions, corporate account share gains, price et cetera. Can you talk about in more details what -- the trends you are seeing in the different sub segments like dairy, beverage, brewery, food?
Doug Baker: Yes. I would say overall what's happening in our F&B business is one, we are gaining share. And we have had outside share gains particularly in the beverage and brewing parts of the business over recent trends. And so, those have been probably the most importantly fastest growth segment. Our beverage, brewery, food is about on par 4% et cetera. But dairy is also quite strong at 10%. And it's not exactly an ideal market for dairy. So, what we are doing is helping customers produce more with less; with less water and less energy. This brings outside savings to them. And when they are in a flat market, savings are very important. And they get to do this without any sacrifice, i.e., food safety, measurements. I would say operational efficiency measurements all are equal or better under these scenarios. And you get the resultant savings and water and energy and also a storyline around sustainability because it's real. So it's that formula that the team has developed in partnership and concert with the Nalco water team. And that's leading to our ability to drive success in a relatively flat business.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Thanks, that is helpful. And I wondering looking at beverage, I mean there is a lot of noise around plastic bottles. And there seem to be an increase in the use of aluminum cans versus plastic bottles at least for water and other soft drinks. How do you fit in that particular category? Are you going to be hurt if the industry moves to a substantially more cans versus plastic bottle?
Doug Baker: No, I would say, first, our position is let's all collectively do what's smart for earth. And we will have to adjust our business. With that said, a trade in plastic bottle to either milk type carton and/or aluminum cans will not have a negative impact on our business.
Rosemarie Morbelli: So you are in both categories?
Doug Baker: Yes.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mike Harrison with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Harrison: Hi, good afternoon. I was wondering within the water business you mentioned some new business wins in mining. I was just wondering if these are new mines, and the fills associated with the new mines, are you taking share at existing mines? I guess I was under the impression that it's typically difficult to take share from existing mines as that tends to be pretty sticky business.
Doug Baker: Yes. Look, there two things going on in mining. But the biggest is that mining rebound broadly. It's a cyclical industry. But, we have also had some success with new business in mining. And we are targeting and trying to move increasingly away from coal which you might find obvious in the areas like phosphates and the others. These strategies are working, and so, some of it just reflects moves that we are taking to better position the business long term.
Mike Harrison: All right. And then wanted to also ask about the healthcare business, can you talk about what profitability looks like in that business and maybe how that has been changing or evolving over time?
Doug Baker: Yes, healthcare we'd expect OI for the year to be roughly flat. But it really reflects decisions to invest in the business. The Anios acquisition that we made a couple of years ago, in France, which really gave us even stronger beachhead in Europe, but most importantly an avenue in a number of other markets around the world, has proven to be a great acquisition. And so we continue to invest in real strong growth opportunities. And we're happy to do that. In Europe, as I mentioned earlier, we're seeing 6% organic growth in the healthcare business, and we'll feed that.
Mike Harrison: All right, thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar with Citi. Please proceed with your questions.
Eric Petrie: Hi, Doug. This is Eric Petrie on for PJ. Historically food & beverage and water growth rates are in the mid single digits. But now with your digital investments and market share gains do you see this upper single-digit sustainable into 2020?
Doug Baker: Well, you know what -- look, we are working hard to always increase what we'll consider normal. And I think there's a lot of legs; I mean water has got quite a bit of momentum. We've got good momentum in F&B. We don't see anything sitting here today that's going to make us change our view that that's what we should be growing -- that's the rate we should be growing the business. I also don't know what 2020 is going to bring us. So I don't want to sit here and commit to 8% on water organically as our terminal value. With that said, there's significant upside in that business. We got a great team, great technology, and they're executing well. So I would expect that growth rate to be above average for the company.
Eric Petrie: Okay. Secondly, I wanted to ask about your M&A pipeline and what you're seeing in terms of valuations. And does your EPS guidance of 10% to 14% include any bolt-on deals in second-half?
Doug Baker: Yes, look, it does include any bolt-ons, obviously anything that probably comes on the remainder of this year is likely to be dilutive as it is accretive just because there's not much time left in the year. But that doesn't stop us from doing the deals. We really look and focus on do we believe we're going to get a good return for shareholders out of a deal, not immediate accretion, dilution. But all of them would be incorporate in our forecast already. Our pipeline is large, and I would say slower multiples. And so as a consequence we're going to remain disciplined. We are doing deals, we are buying companies, we're even with the prices higher than we might like. We know we have such significant upside that we can turn it into a very good return deal for our shareholders, and we'll continue to do that. But we're going to exercise discipline, as you would expect us to.
Eric Petrie: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Andrew Whitman with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your questions.
Andrew Whitman: Great. Thanks for taking my question. I guess I just wanted to dig in to the margin profile a little bit more by looking at what seems to be the two biggest factors, which are raw material costs as well as the cost savings program that you guys have been undergoing here, and hoping that you could quantify the increase year-over-year in raw materials that you saw, as well as the amount of cost savings that you recognized in the quarter or maybe annualized exit rate just so we could get a sense of what's driving your very good margin improvement in the quarter?
Doug Baker: Yes, for cost savings it was a little over $20 million year-on-year in terms of what it delivered in the quarter. In terms of raw materials were fairly benign in Q2 following a fairly hefty bill in Q1. Let me just get to that, so I don't give you the wrong number. Yes, raw materials were just up modestly in Q2, and we expect them to be below last year in the second-half. So -- but it wasn't a material impact on Q2 one way or another, it just wasn't positive or a significant negative.
Andrew Whitman: Great. Thank you for the color. That's all I had.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'll turn the floor back over to Mike Monahan for closing remarks.
Mike Monahan: Thank you. That wraps up our second quarter conference call. This call and the associated discussion slides will be available for replay in our Web site. Thanks for your time today, and participation, and best wishes for rest of the day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-30 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Ecolab First Quarter 2019 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Michael Monahan. Thank you, Mr. Monahan. You may now begin your presentation.
Michael Monahan: Thank you. Hello everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's first quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO; and Dan Schmechel, our CFO. A discussion of our results, along with our earnings release and the slides referencing the quarter's results and our outlook, are available on Ecolab's Web site at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements in these materials, stating that this teleconference and the associated supplemental materials include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described under the Risk Factor section and our most recent Form 10-K, and in our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with a brief overview of the results, continued sales growth and margin expansion drove Ecolab's double-digit earnings per share growth in the first quarter. Pricing, new business gains, and product innovation lead the sales and operating income growth, which along with cost efficiency actions of reduced tax rate and lower interest expenses yielded the first quarter's 13% adjusted earnings per share increase. Moving on to some highlights from the quarter, and as discussed in our press release, acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales increased 3% as the industrial and other segments both showed strong sales gains, and along with modest growth in the institutional segment more than offset a slight sales decline in energy. Adjusted fixed currency operating margins increased 80 basis points, continuing the good acceleration shown throughout 2018. Growth was lead by double-digit gains in the industrial, energy, and other segments. Net operating income increase drove 13% growth in adjusted diluted earnings per share to $1.03, representing another quarter of double-digit adjusted EPS growth. Currency translation was an unfavorable $0.04 per share in the quarter. We continue to make progress on the spin-off our upstream business. We currently expect the spin-off to be completed by mid-2020. We continue to work aggressively to drive growth, winning new business through our innovative new products in sales and service expertise, as well as driving pricing, productivity, and cost efficiencies to grow our top and bottom lines, and improve rates across all of our segments. Our digital investments are developing well, and we look for them to add an expanding range of new actionable insights for our customers to improve their operations, enhance their experience working with us, and increase our sales force effectiveness. We continue to expect consolidated 2019 adjusted diluted earnings per share to rise 10% to 14% to the $5.80 to $6 range as volume and price gains and cost efficiency benefits more than offset the impact of moderating deliberate product cost increases and business investments. Currency translation is expected to be an unfavorable $0.11 per share in 2019. Second quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the $1.36 to $1.46 range, up 7% to 15%. Currency translation is expected to be an unfavorable $0.05 per share in that quarter. In summary, we expect improving top line momentum in 2019, which should more than offset moderating deliberate product cost increases and unfavorable currency exchange and along with cost efficiency actions yield a 10% to 14% adjust diluted earnings per share growth. We continue to make the right investments in the key areas of differentiation including product innovation, digital investments to develop superior growth for this year and for the future. And now here is Doug Baker with some comments.
Doug Baker: Thanks Mike and hello. So a quick overview, look, we had a very solid start to the year and are in a good position to deliver 2019. On the plus side, Industrial sales were very strong so were margins as pricing is overcoming inflationary pressures that we have been feeling leading to margin recovery. Energy also had strong margin recovery even with predicted soft sells of -2%. Our other segments, our other specialty businesses QSR and FRS were strong also. The only disappointing news is Institutional whose sales were weaker than expected. The underlying sales were 4% U.S. and 3% globally. This is better clearly than the 1% reported but still off expectations by a point or so as distribution inventories were reduced, it happens frequently, and the exited business we discussed last quarter converted quicker than we had forecast. We expect the Institutional business to show improvement and reported an underlying sales through the year particularly in the second half. So, as we finished the first quarter and move into the balance of the year, we are well-positioned we believe. The heaviest lifting of our U.S. SAP implement is behind us with our fourth and final supply chain wave completed in the first quarter of '19. Our pricing, cost savings, innovation, digital, and talent initiatives are all on track. A new business is tracking ahead of last year's record pace. As a result, we expect to deliver double digit adjusted EPS for the year ending every quarter and most importantly leave the year with good momentum as well. So with that, I am going to turn it back to Mike who will open up Q&A.
Michael Monahan: That concludes our formal remarks. As a final note before we start Q&A, we plan to hold our annual tour of our booth at the National Restaurant Association Show in Chicago on Monday May 20. Looking further ahead, we also plan to hold our 2019 Investor Day on Thursday September 5. If you have any questions, please contact our office. Operator, would you please begin the question-and-answer period?
Operator: Yes, thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from the line of Gary Bisbee with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
David Ridley-Lane: Hi, this is David Ridley-Lane filing in for Gary Bisbee. Can you discuss the revenue trends in Europe particularly in your core segments, Institutional and Industrial?
Doug Baker: Yes. We had a strong quarter in Industrial than Institutional. Industrial was organic 5 and Institutional was down a point. QSR had a fairly strong quarter, so if we put them together you end up with a little better answer. Institutional, Europe, I think is an area where we feel like we are doing the right things to improve this. We put a new GM in Europe late last year. The new GM, Martin [indiscernible] starting Institutional; he was the GM who turned around Pest [ph] North America. We have added a sales field leadership position in Europe reporting to Martin. And collectively, that team is focusing on three things, localizing innovation. We have got too global in much of our institutional approach. We want to make sure that we are doing the right things and making sure our innovation is tailored for local approach. We are also enhancing field execution discipline. This is really the key role in the sale field leadership position. We are also adding sales fire power by converting some field resources we are little heavy and converting them into corporate account selling resources. Obviously, it's not same bodies in every case, but it's the same money.
David Ridley-Lane: And then as a just a quick follow-up, heard the comment on new business growth, could you maybe quantify that a little bit? Or, put that into context of your hiring -- average hiring on the sales force? Chances are getting increased productivity out of sales force as well of just hiring more people? Thank you.
Doug Baker: Yes, over 2018, we added about 3% in sales and service resources last year. So, we feel we are in a good position to take care of the growth that we are generating as we move forward.
David Ridley-Lane: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Chip Moore with Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed with your question.
Chip Moore: Thanks, wondering if you could touch on Life Sciences as it continued outperform the market very nicely there, Doug, maybe talk a bit about the runway for growth. Any changes you are seeing in the competitive there?
Doug Baker: Yes. No, the Life Sciences business continues to do well. And while it was performing decently before we, if you will, created a focused Life Sciences business, it clearly has kicked into a higher gear. And we've averaged double digit since that point in time. Look, we love that market. So the market is global. It's consolidated many cents. If you think about the customer set, fairly fragmented competitive set. That's a good environment for us. We continue to reach out and drive our advantage which I would say is kind of three front. We have very good clean room technology. We have world class CIP technology so the lessons that we have learnt over the years in food & beverage and increasingly in other industrial applications perfectly applies here. And then, finally, the water capabilities that we have are really well-suited for this industry as well because it's a prime source for contamination potentially et cetera. And so, we are leveraging these advantages quite successfully growing that business. We made an acquisition as you will recall in U.K. Bioquell just fourth quarter is when we closed. And so that's going to also give us additional technology and a new entry point, if you will, into this market. Finally, we just added manufacturing capability in North America where we have now registered products. So, it's going to open up in much broader swath of the U.S. market. And we have been able to compete against previously. That will in essence change competitive environment for us, I don't think for the worse simply because we will be able to go after bigger part of the market.
Chip Moore: Got it. That's helpful. And just a follow-up, in terms of you mentioned the U.K. acquisition, is there a pipeline of potential targets in that space?
Doug Baker: Absolutely. And I would say it's relatively new space for us. And so it's not an area that we probably mined as heavily as we have others in the past. So, yes, there is a nice long list. Obviously, it's going to be at the right time, right price et cetera.
Chip Moore: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you. Good afternoon, Doug. Just on the Institutional side, you talked about the distribution inventory issue. Could you just elaborate that -- elaborate on that and maybe in past quarters where it might have happened so that we can take a look back? And if that was the main reason why you were a point or two behind your expectations there?
Doug Baker: Yes. Clearly, it was one of the issues. I would say distributor inventories move up and down and we have printouts from the distributors. So we know where every case moves to. Meaning, we have a very good understanding of consumption in the industry, and as a consequence it's very easy for us to understand what's happening in terms of distributor inventories up or down based on ins and outs if you will. So this happens almost every year in a quarter, we have some conversation. Last year, in the first quarter, our conversation was the opposite. Distributors had built inventory during that quarter and we talked about how the reporting number was a little stronger than the actual underlying sales at that time and that don't expect that immediately in the second quarter, but we expect to end the year in a 5% run rate. So this happens frequently. If I were going to sum up institutional, I would say this. We expected a downtick in Q1, part because of the previously announced [indiscernible] low margin business. However, it was worse than we expected which we talked about in my opening remarks and Mike referred to. So one, the low margin business exited faster than we had forecast and expected. That's not going to result in any change long-term. It's just the timing issue. The distributors did drop inventory in the quarter, which happened typically we'll see a rebalancing in that come back and follow-on quarters, I can't predict if that's Q2 or Q3. It's probably one of those two. In the final piece, I would describe for lack of a better term is the fog of war, and this is related to the SAP U.S. implementation. This doesn't mean we lost consumption because of SAP -- we didn't. But when you do these implementations, and I'll just remind you, we had four waves in the U.S. [technical difficulty] a couple of months ago. The first wave was the February before and wave three was in quarter four. And what happens during these waves is you preload i.e. build inventory in your direct customers and in the trade. You do it in case you have a supply chain short-circuit as part of cutover. Now, we never saw a short circuit. We were able to get up and running very quickly in every one of our waves, but you still prepare as if that may happen so that you don't end up shorting customers. But as a consequence after these waves was all this rebalancing activity. And so it's noisy short-term and hard to go figure out exactly what's happening.
, : So when we look at all the underlying things, pricing, new business, other than the low margin stuff I've talked about, a lot of stuff is exactly on track. We know that if we continue to focus on these things we'll show improvement. The key metrics to us are new business and pricing. If we drive these, and we expect to, the rest self cures. The loss is annualized the distributor inventory is rebalanced, and the SAP implementation costs which are not insignificant by the way and in 70% hit institutional are also recouped. So, there's some natural like margin lift as we move through this just as we start getting through this noisy period. We think we'll see an improvement in Q2. I'd say modest, but a more significant improvement as we get into the second half in institutional. So I think we have a good understanding of what's going on. Business is doing what it needs to do to go drive value and we expect institutional to be a strong business as it always is.
.: So when we look at all the underlying things, pricing, new business, other than the low margin stuff I've talked about, a lot of stuff is exactly on track. We know that if we continue to focus on these things we'll show improvement. The key metrics to us are new business and pricing. If we drive these, and we expect to, the rest self cures. The loss is annualized the distributor inventory is rebalanced, and the SAP implementation costs which are not insignificant by the way and in 70% hit institutional are also recouped. So, there's some natural like margin lift as we move through this just as we start getting through this noisy period. We think we'll see an improvement in Q2. I'd say modest, but a more significant improvement as we get into the second half in institutional. So I think we have a good understanding of what's going on. Business is doing what it needs to do to go drive value and we expect institutional to be a strong business as it always is.
Manav Patnaik: That's super helpful with the color. Maybe just along the same lines on industrial, like, should we think of that 7% growth is sustainable or maybe there's some timing in, it might sort of stabilize later?
Doug Baker: Yes, look our industrial business is really led by water and F&B have obviously been strengthening sequentially for a number of quarters. It's driven by both pricing activity and by volume, volume driven by a lot of new business which we've been talking about right in almost every call how we're having very good new business success. That's clearly in the water and F&B business in particular, also in institutional et cetera. The food and beverage rate, organic growth rate is 7%. I wouldn't say that's our terminal value but F&B has really done a heck of a job partnering with water to bring outsized value to customers and this turned into big sales with big players. Now annualize again some of these sales in quarter, so every quarter is not going to be a seven organic. But with that said, we expect to have a very strong year in F&B and a very strong year in water. So it's exactly sustainable. I'm not going to commit that to every quarter but we expect mid to high single digit organic growth rates in these businesses and we also are starting to see the margin leverage that we've talked about, we had significant raw material and logistic inflation impacting all of our businesses but in particular our industrial businesses. And so, they've been on pricing and this pricing is now starting to overwhelm the inflation in that business and we're starting to recoup the margin losses that we've seen. But this isn't going to be overnight either. Right, this is going to take us some time to rebuild these margins but you should expect to see positive margin build throughout this year and it's going to need to continue into next year. So, some of that's going to come from pricing, some from cost savings, some from doing a better job operating supply chain now that over 80% of our volume is on SAP. So we just have better visibility and a better and a more easier, if you will kind of foundation to run on. So those are not the key things to look for and watch particularly in the industrial business.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Laurence Alexander: Good afternoon. Two questions, so first on the institutional growth rate as you think about the cadence of this year and the pricing initiatives you have underway, should we see that business sort of exit the year at about a 4% to 5% kind of run rate? Is that a fair way to think about it and secondly can you give a little bit of flavor about colloidal and how long you think that can sustain a double-digit growth rate?
Doug Baker: Yes, I'll do the small one first. Colloidal, I would say colloidal is an interesting technology. We have it, there's capacity constraints in the world and other areas will continue to drive the growth there. But that business we're going to continue to manage, we think very intelligently for cash and return and other things. We want to do the right thing for our customers. But we're also going to do the right things for shareholders as we look at this business. In institutional, yes I would say there's really not a caveat because if you want to say do we expect to be at a 4% to 5% run rate if on December 31, the answer would be yes because by that time, we would have no longer be lapping the lost business, right. It would be pretty much out of our sales. So I think that would be a comfortable yes that we would exit the year at that run rate because of that.
Laurence Alexander: Okay. And can you give a bit of a flavor for how you're thinking about the sales force incentive programs that is are you comfortable with the current sets or are we going to go through one of these periodic refresh and refocus my calls. Can you just give us a sense for where is your rationale on that?
Doug Baker: I would say we re-look at comp every year and make minor adjustments almost every year. And there are episodic times where we go through major adjustment in a given business meaning we went through one in past about three years ago quite successfully I would add you could even you could even see it in the business but we change a comp there dramatically. In institutional, there's certainly areas of that business where we are going to revise comp programs part to reflect new regulations or the way regulations are being enforced and some because we think it's going to just and we'll do that in a way like we did with past where I don't think it's going to be visible to anybody except those in the business. You know we want great people. We want great people the incentive to do the right thing and also incentive enough where they want to continue to stay here and can make enough money to make a career out of it. And so we always have evolutionary change around here and I wouldn't there's nothing on the horizon that I would say would be noteworthy.
Laurence Alexander: And maybe if you wouldn't mind just one last one on health care is there a reason why the business model there hasn't flexed more in response to this the disappointing growth rates. I mean like why it hasn't evolved into like a partnership with an insurance company or some kind of other way to get an end run around the bottlenecks that you've seen in terms of the purchasing managers.
Doug Baker: Yes, well look we've certainly explored a bunch of different things here. Here's what I would say. You know the healthcare business our program business which is really what we're emphasizing continues to do well. These are programs around room cleaning to reduce HAIC around all our turnover and accelerating turnover both time and efficacy and also in central sterile et cetera. These programs are doing quite well. The issue which is principally in the U.S. is just one of portfolio mix. These programs are still relatively small versus what I'd call the historic product approach. And as time goes on obviously since the programs are growing so much faster than the products, they're becoming a larger percent of the portfolio. And what you'll see is that sales will reflect that - but that just is going to take some time and the team I think is doing exactly the right thinking and after that but that is having good uptake. In Europe our mix is a little bit better and in Europe we expect to have mid single digit, low single digit organic growth rate, [indiscernible] is doing well in Europe, they've got very strong program mix in a number of areas. Some of those we're exporting to other parts of the world including the U.S. once we get registrations. So I would say underneath the covers we think the healthcare business is more right than wrong. It's certainly we would like to accelerate it. We would like to see faster better results too. But if you look underneath, good things are happening and we want to make sure that we stay focused on what we think the long term advantage is.
Laurence Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Roberts with UBS. Please proceed with your questions.
Josh Spector: Hey guys this is Josh Spector on for John. Just a question around energy, given some drivers with spin around customer buying patterns shifting and maybe moving a bit away from kind of the Ecolab heritage model and slower growth there in the quarter, do you see any risk of another shift going on that could impact the second half? Or do you have pretty good visibility into the sales growth there?
Doug Baker: Yes. The energy quarter if you will -- the soft sales of negative 2%, I mean -- we expected it to be flattish coming into this quarter -- plus or minus. And so the 2% to us what kind of weather at plus 2's then minus 2, no doubt about it but it was around where we expected it to be, it's not the easiest business to forecast and really we expected these types of top line results for two reasons. One there is a dramatic reduction in just activity, a lot of this is occurring in Permian. I mean if you look at others in this business you're going to see -- I would say even lower sales rates than we had. And so we're not alone. It'd probably be on the better side. The second reason was we were going against a high base i.e. first quarter last year was an 11% growth quarter and even at the time we said it was in part driven by one timers and we knew those one timers weren't going to recur again in this quarter. Hence the reason we were sort of bearish on the first quarter. So it's not a change in buying pattern, it's not a change and all of a sudden we're out of favor at all. We would expect that as the year goes on, you're going to see stronger top line performance. And most importantly, even in the first quarter with negative 2%, with double-digit LI growth in that business. As we are recovering on the margin side handily due to the pricing work that we talked about every quarter last year and is continuing and now is being coupled with excellent cost savings efforts as well impacting both gross profit and SG&A. So we expect mid-single digits in this business for the year top line, and outstanding margin recovery driving even much better live results for the year as well. So I'm not, I'm not really worried. I think the stuff that the energy business is doing is smart right, and it's going to bear fruit for the year.
Josh Spector: Okay, thanks. And just a quick follow-up on around the energy spend. I don't know if it's too early to ask about any numbers around that. But I guess if I try to think about how much amortization stays with Ecolab and goes with the spin, do you have a rough cut there?
Doug Baker: Yes, $170 million of amortization goes with the spin.
Josh Spector: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Thank you, Doug. You have new competitors, the last six to nine months in water and institutional. How are they acting in the marketplace?
Doug Baker: Well, I guess our new competitor and institutional would be new owner.
David Begleiter: New owner, yes, I'm sorry.
Doug Baker: Yes. And I would say they're acting like they've always acted. So I don't, we really don't see a significant difference, it can be really aggressive at times bidding on new business. This has been a pattern for years and years. There have been frequent times over the last -- I've been here 30 years anytime during the 30 years, but over the last 15, 20 I have a better memory where we've blinked and walked from business where we're not going to make money, in some cases not make cash. And we don't think that's smart to stay in those situations. And we've had some recently, but we've had them two years ago, three years ago, five years ago, seven years ago, 10 years ago. In many instances, these businesses end up back with us, not a 100% but a fairly high percentage. And what we want to make sure that we do is maintain our ability to do a great job for customers. We are there for customers when they need us and we've got to be able to make money so that we continue to invest in innovation, and digital and all the like, and so we got to be play a disciplined game, as well, and that's the story there. On the water side, you know, GE Water is known by SUEZ. I don't know that there's, a dramatic difference day-to-day. We were, we thought we are well positioned against GE Water. And I'm not, we respected them. We respect them now that they're owned by SUEZ, but we remain in our minds quite well positioned as a competitor in this area. And you can see it in the strong results. So I don't think our competitive environment has really dramatically changed one way or another.
David Begleiter: Very good and just selling, you delivered product costs. I know there'll be migrating of the year. What were they up year-over-year in Q1, Doug, and what should that be up by the end of the year on a quarter or maybe on a Q4 over prior year basis?
Doug Baker: Yes, we're forecasting 3% to 4% inflation for the year. You know, I'll be honest, for the first quarter was, the most significant year-on-year 5 plus probably percent increase in the first quarter, but at a base for two reasons. I mean, mostly because we start running into an inflated base. If you will i.e. raw materials got more expensive throughout the year last year. So the Delta decreases as you move forward. As long as you don't see dramatic inflation this year, we have some inflation forecasts this year. We've held that forecast last year, we got burned on raw materials. The indices we follow, we are completely wrong last year. If you looked at the indices this year, they would say that inflation is going to be less than we have forecast currently. We don't know if that turns into upside for us or not. We're being a little more conservative this year based on last year's experience which means we'll be wrong two years in a row I hope.
David Begleiter: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Vincent Andrews: Thanks. If I could just ask a question on pricing and you touched on this a bit earlier in the institutional comments but just want to know how price was across the segments if there were any meaningful discrepancies or anywhere where you were still need to work a little bit harder. And then just within institutional is price flattered at all by the exit of the low margin businesses in any meaningful way?
Doug Baker: No, but they would show up in for us in more mix and it would have an absolute price the way that we measure the margin stuff, I would say two things. We continue to accelerate on price, if you will, it's five quarters in a row. And so, it still is around the 3% rate, industrial had the strongest price number they needed because one they were probably the furthest behind and have been playing catch up and doing a very good job doing it but they got a couple of years a big raw material inflation numbers in their business and they're working to recover those and obviously working with customers to do it in a way that works et cetera. Institutional always takes more a slow and steady approach on pricing. They don't get hit in rock significantly with raw materials as some of our other businesses do, partisan mix of the raw materials in part is solids and the other technology that they've deployed over the years and so they've got a lower more like a two price if you will year-on-year and energy was also 3% in the quarter as well, energy also obviously see significant plays and we expect to continue to get pricing throughout the year, we need to, we have margin recovery goals. Our plan isn't to expand margins during this cycle but we certainly our goal isn't to lose margin either as a result of this, we'll expand margins through our own efforts internally i.e. leveraging the SAP implementation and other work to help improve margin and or innovation but that that's where we are on price. I would say team is doing a very good job in a very, it's always hard.
Vincent Andrews: And just as a follow-up on the de-stocking, it sounds like from your comments earlier that this would be something that would take place within a quarter that it wouldn't straddle two quarters based on your look at the printouts of the books and stuff in the conversations with the distributor customers is that correct?
Doug Baker: Yes, we don't expect. I mean look we don't control and absolutely obviously, if I went on history and we go through this literally every year in a quarter and obviously when it helps us nobody remembers it and when it hurts us you don't remember what the bounces back. And I would say this is a very normal thing, we would expect it to bounce back and as I said earlier, I don't know exactly if that second quarter or third quarter but it's probably one of the two most likely that's typically the pattern we've seen in the past and there's no reason to believe that that won't be the pattern we see here.
Vincent Andrews: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Hamzah Mazari with Macquarie. Please proceed with your question.
Hamzah Mazari: Hey, good afternoon. Thank you. My first question is any update you can provide as to your circling the customer initiative, specifically which verticals it seems like food and beverage is one which may be sort of optimized in terms of selling your entire product suite to corporate clients and where you think there's room to sort of improve that?
Doug Baker: Yes, look it's been a key part of our strategy and a key part of our success particularly in industrial as we put Nalco, I mean, Nalco a part of Ecolab. We came out of the gates and said one of the key areas we wanted to focus on was the F&B market. And if you look at what's occurred in F&B over the last six years, it's been really amazing. And if you look at the brewery business in particular, how we've been able to very successfully marry water in our F&B cleaning and place, food safety technologies together to create outsized value for customers, it's driven share and it's been a key part of how we went to market strategically, how we created value for customers and the reason that we've won coupled with that is always pest elimination. It's also lead us to understand other parts of the pest business like fumigation, and it's then lead pest to start one buying and acquiring some fumigation businesses which we've done recently and starting to build a larger business in that area because it's core to the F&B market. So that's a great example of how circle the customer drives value for customer's share for the company and also opens the door to new opportunities as well. There are other examples. I mean, I can do -- we're watching technology being leveraged in QSR and in some instances in our food retail business, coupling with the institutional capabilities. I mean, there's plenty more, but I don't want to take up too much more time.
Hamzah Mazari: No, that's helpful, and just a follow-up. On health care -- and you may have touched on this earlier in a question, but specifically, does your go-to-market strategy in that segment need to change? Specifically, you know, more of a C-suite type sale? Are you just talking to the wrong people in health care? I'm just curious around go-to-market, if that's a drag at all on growth. So you may have touched on this, but any color there? Thank you.
Doug Baker: No, I think we talked health care earlier. So I'll just sum this like I think the way -- we've really focused strategically on program selling there. And the programs that we have out in the market are growing and we're having success selling them. And those are programs around room cleaning and HAIC reduction, operating theater, if you will, changeover and also better efficacy and then also in the central, and both programs are working and growing. Now, the issue which is principally U.S. is they're just -- they're still a relatively small piece of the total portfolio. So that failed to sort of mask if you will, by the product sales that represents the balance of the portfolio where you don't have the same strategic advantages that we have in program selling. So our nose is to the grindstone, sell programs, keep focusing, the portfolio will shift overtime, because it's growing at 3x, 4x faster than the others -- we know what will happen and then you'll start seeing the sales come through, but that's our strategic focus and there we are -- this is clearly calling on the right people. We're not flying the white flag on the product side, but it's just a different competitive environment and equation which is why we're -- our efforts are going towards programs.
Hamzah Mazari: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions. And so, moving on to Tim Mulrooney with William Blair.
Tim Mulrooney: Good afternoon.
Doug Baker: Hello.
Tim Mulrooney: So first, Doug, your industrial business, can you just give us an update on the industrial business in China? It's hard to know what's going on over there sometimes, but your numbers are so strong. So just curious if the market is getting better or worse or about the same?
Doug Baker: Yes, look our China business, overall, was mid singles growth -- mid single-digit growth in the first quarter, decent profit. I would say it was really driven by the institutional side so I'm getting to the point you'd like me to talk about. And institutional collectively was double-digits doing quite well. The industrial side of the business was flat to down modestly in total, really driven by paper, which was down more dramatically. They're not making as much corrugated for export shipments in the meantime as we go through this. So certainly we're impacted somewhat with the trade discussions there. We don't see this ultimately turtling our China business for the year by any means. We think it'll probably. One, if we get the trade agreement figured out, it'll open the door, but even barring that as we look at the progression and everything else, we think we got more good and bad net business and we're going to have a good year either way.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. Thanks for the update. My follow-up is on SG&A, SG&A adjusted for one time, it was actually lower than the last year despite revenue growth. Is that primarily the result of your cost savings initiative and do you expect a similar dynamic through the remainder of the year?
Doug Baker: Yes, I would say SG&A certainly we have, strong cost savings initiatives in place. We would have said in the first quarter probably delivered about 20 million bucks, which is on page to the 80 that we've talked about. For a handicap the year, we probably have upside and the cost savings side of the initiative pile in terms of you need some upside because you never know what's going to happen and other things like FX, et cetera. So yes, those are driving it. We're also leveraging technology in a number of parts of our business as we go forward, and this is also enabling us to do more via each person. So it's a combination of things but cost saving certainly is a driver.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets.
John McNulty: Yes, thanks for taking my question. A quick or one or two of them, one on the raw material front, where are the buckets that you're actually seeing the inflation because it does seem a little bit counterintuitive, given oil coming off the way that it has that you are forecasting something in kind of the low-to-mid single digits for the year. So maybe help us to understand where you're seeing some of those pressures.
Doug Baker: Yes, well, oil year-on-year is up nearly 50%. So, it's you know, we got to go compare back to Q1 last year. That's what our comparison is here. But beyond if you will sort of oil derivative raw materials, certainly caustic is up for us, transportation costs grew double-digit last year, particularly in the U.S., but we had inflation also in other markets, Europe in particular. So, our two biggest markets, if you will, so the number of areas where there has been inflation in raw materials. And you know, I would say last year was significant it followed a fairly significant year, the year before. So as you kind of a two-year run, we are forecasting, moderation and the inflation rate, but not deflation this year. We still think that's the right forecast. And we hope we are on.
John McNulty: Got it. And then it's been a couple months since you announced the split or potential or the upcoming split of the upstream energy business. Can you speak to whether or not you've seen interest from potential buyers in that business at this point?
Doug Baker: Yes, that's not something we would comment on publicly one way or another.
John McNulty: Got it. Fair enough. Thanks for the time.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Christopher Parkinson with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher Parkinson: Thank you. So when you look at your various platforms, what are the largest opportunities to improve margins over the long-term outside of simply price cost is suppressed, perhaps shifting more even more, even more I'd say to us service model and just, I know institutional in Europe has clearly been a longer term opportunity, but where are the other ones that long-term you know guys should be thinking about? Thank you.
Doug Baker: Yes, look, I think there are a number of areas. I mean, you started in Europe and we had a 3% OI margin in Europe and are now nine and knocking on double-digit. And we've done all that over 7, 8-year period of time. And I would say the opportunities that existed there still exist and they exist everywhere else. And so, as we now have SAP implemented through our supply chain and our finance backbone, and in North America, we now have visibility and different visibility into the U.S. markets. And we've had ever via ERP. I mean, it's replacing a system called Collinet [ph], which we think is 40 years old, but we can't find any marker on the box. So, let me just say our visibility is enhanced significantly. So we would expect there's significant savings in supply chain. The -- if you will, kind of free channels throughout North America. The pricing on those channels has changed dramatically over the last 2 years. We know that we've got to recognize that in the way that we shift supply or manufacturing in plants and where do we supply, what customer from where and how do we do that? There's significant money there. We know that there's a number of policy issues that we're getting after that didn't reflect the current reality and now -- do that is going to reduce the number of shipments it takes to shift the volume we're shipping today. So we know we've got to get better standards there; formulation reductions, not just SKU, the most important part of SKU is formulas, if you reduce formulas, we reduce raw materials and end up with more scale and buying. And so there's a lot of work around that area, right now in energy but increasingly in our water business and in other areas as well. If you look at just relative margins by business, we know there's significant upside still in water and some of the other businesses that came over the Nalco acquisition. Their margins have been enhanced significantly since they've come over. But the team does not believe we're at the edge there or at the end by any means. And we want to keep driving that. So we talk about 50 to 75 basis points in sort of your typical run rate. Clearly with the announcement of the accelerate initiative and the cost savings there and also that we're in margin recovery zone time because of those recent run ups we expect to run significantly over that range for a period of time. We need to recover and get back on track and margin build.
Christopher Parkinson: And yes I apologize for the stereotypical simple sell side question but can you comment on the overall M&A landscape particularly in Asia and Europe. Thank you very much.
Doug Baker: Well Europe's probably as good as it gets in the U.S. right now simply because a lot of people were unsettled. And with that often comes opportunity certainly in the U.K. but I would also say on the continent in terms of Asia you know I mean the challenge in Asia as is scale and culture i.e. can you buy a company that's meaningful enough in size to be worth the risk and the effort to bring it on an integrated and then culturally and this isn't the Asian culture just make sure it is a company what's the company's culture and how it been built in terms of how it sells and creates value et cetera. So there, you know, we've got to be make sure that it's a company that we would have a right to own and run as we go forward. Generally I guess you know I think or we're going to enter a period where you know acquisitions of even size are going to make sense again. I know it'll happen I don't know exactly when it's going to happen. But being smart about the price you pay is always a good idea. And it proves out over time we believe that value is created through return on invested capital and our ability to generate cash. And those are the things that we look very carefully at when we make acquisitions that can we do those things over a period of time and the answer is yes we're all in it the answer is no we're quite careful unless it's got some seminal strategic value beyond just cash creation which is hard to find often.
Christopher Parkinson: Great color. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Mike Harrison with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your questions.
Mike Harrison: Hi good morning. I was wondering Doug if you can talk a little bit about what kind of trends you're seeing in restaurant foot traffic and if you could maybe talk about that by region, sounds like really, really outside of Latin America, nothing's really much to write home about.
Doug Baker: Yes. Mike I would say I kind of agree I think you know the -- I would say this I don't think the foot traffic anywhere is going to impact our business. It's neither dramatically. I mean you know the places where you got fast, fast growth and food services Asia and you know we're all about scaling getting after share we've made a number of key moves in the last 12 months in China which we think put us in a much better position to get after that business on a faster basis. I mean it's a business it's already growing in the teens but it should do better. And we're working to do that. In the U.S. your foot traffic seems to have been soft my whole career and you know yet every time I walk into a restaurant it seems to be full. So I can't quite get over these two problems. And you know but by and large throughout that period we've had very good growth. There are a zillion restaurants we don't sell yet. We would like to sell them. So until we have 100 share we're not going to talk about foot traffic is our problem.
Mike Harrison: All right. And then when I also ask about the strength that you're seeing in food and beverage are we seeing any improvement at all in the underlying market there or is it really just share gain that we're still capturing?
Doug Baker: That's principally driven by share gain. I mean people are still eating obviously but you know you've got some markets that are still fighting through some challenges. But you know the team's done a very good job for all the reasons I discussed earlier partnering with water and Pepsi et cetera driving outsized value which is leading to some very significant wins.
Mike Harrison: All right thanks very much.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with G. Research. Proceed with your questions.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. Doug I was wondering if you could give us a little more detail on how the changes you have made in order to grow faster in China. You said double digit is good but you can do a lot better. So what changes have you made?>
Doug Baker: I think in a couple of areas. So if you want to talk institutional we've organized a bit differently simply because that food service market is developing differently than markets have in the past part they get to learn from U.S. history and European history. They have concepts which don't - fit neatly in boxes and we've got to go be prepared to offer what those concepts need and a around service custom designed for those concepts not maybe the same exact service package that we've had in other markets so designed for China. So we've invested more if you will on innovation resources in China on digital for China resources in China, organize our constructive businesses a bit differently to allow a better blurring of lines and have somebody overseeing it, so they can make smart choices for customers first and by doing that for the company. So they've been a number of steps and most notably increased resources. And so for all those reasons we think we're just better positioned, we've learned a lot over the last few years. We've done decently. But as we look at it we just thought the way we were structured and the way we were resource was a hindrance if you will not - an offensive weapon and we wanted to change that.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Okay. And then looking at -- now you have your SAP more or less internationally installed, so now that you have this, can you see the potential benefit from the restructuring to be above the 325 million that you have initially estimated?
Doug Baker: Yes I wouldn't, I mean look, we would agree with you as long as it's positive for the business i.e. doesn't hinder our ability to deliver for customers more would be better and not lost on us. But we're not in a position right now to increase our estimate of those. I mean we just took it up 125 million from 200 -- 325 when we announced the spin, which will enable us as we all recall to both cover the 70 million of estimated stranded costs and still deliver 200 and if you will, Ecolab ex spin. And so I think it positions as well. And on the spin side there'll be more than able to cover their costs of building the kind of public company infrastructure that they need to build which they estimated 35. So I think we're in good shape there, if we can do more we will. It behooves us and the shareholders and that's what we're paid to do.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Thanks and if I may squeeze one in. You said that you were expecting to close the Bioquell acquisition by the end of the year by the fourth quarter. Are there some issues regarding the competitive environment, are you dealing with anything that you may have to change?
Doug Baker: Oh yes. Bioquell we did close. I mean we've close but we're going through a competitive review and you know I would say right now you know we're working with the authorities and in the appropriate way and that's the path we'll follow.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks. Good afternoon Doug. Specialty has been a real bright spot in global institutional another good quarter and you cited I believe some business wins I saw also that second quarter may slow down a bit on new customer rollouts but still a solid year. Please elaborate a little bit on this sub-segment, what is going on with the new business wins in some of these initiatives that you've highlighted in the release. Thanks.
Doug Baker: Yes, I would say both the QSR teams and the food retail teams are doing a really good job of one driving new business. They're leveraging innovation to do it. They have a strong pipeline. They've been at the forefront on institutional and digital food safety technology which is already making a difference and we think going to make increasingly a difference in their ability to secure new wins going forward. That's been significant development cost which has really been borne principally in the institutional side of the equation. And so you know that starts bearing fruit. I think you're going to see enhanced margin as well as we go forward. So there are a number of large opportunities that exist both in QSR and as far as U.S. and around the world that I think our team is doing a good job targeting and getting after. There are occasions. So we give you a heads up on Q2 that they may have slower than current run rate sales for a quarter that's on a lap an unusual quarter the year before where you might have had a pipeline load for a new customer i.e. you've got to build their distribution network and their stores simultaneously which just means you get four months and three you know and when you lap that it's tough to replicate it. So, we just try to give fair warning that occurs in many of our businesses occasionally through quarters throughout the year.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks. And one more if I could. The CapEx and free cash flow a little a little lower this year in the first quarter than last year I guess you last year a bit of a unique compier but just any thoughts -- I know it's early in the year about what we should expect from these two going forward for the full-year.
Doug Baker: Dan, can have that one?
Dan Schmechel: Thank you. Sure. Absolutely so, yes, you're right, it was annualized and first of all in the first quarter of '19 against a very strong performance last year in which we grew the business but consumed almost nothing in the way of incremental cash flow. So part of the year-on-year comparison is what you're seeing. Look, we still feel great both about our longer term record of delivering great cash flow generation from the company and think that 2019 will be another great example of that. So sitting here today I expect that our free cash flow conversion which is the metric that I track most closely will be in the mid 90% range. So feel good about cash flow and how it's developing and for the year.
Scott Schneeberger: Great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of P.J. Juvekar with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Thank you. This is [indiscernible] on for PJ. In water, could you just discuss the growth profiles underlying and in light industry versus heavy industry. And perhaps provide an update on 3D TRASAR penetration.
Doug Baker: Yes, they were very close in fact. Not a big differentiation in growth rates between heavy and light. So both performed quite well and we expect both to perform well for the year, terms of 3D TRASAR unit penetration at this point time, I mean we're nearing 40,000 units outstanding if we give you an exact number if it's important if you want to call Mike or Andy.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then secondly your first quarter volume growth to 1% is kind of lagging the overall fiscal year '18 with 4%. How do you see that going forward? And do you expect price to make up delta?
Doug Baker: Talking about - the 1% for the company?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, 1% of the first quarter versus 4% for the full-year '18.
Doug Baker: Yes, I mean the 1% was clearly impacted also by FX and FX is going to be a particular challenge in the first quarter and second quarter, but at current rates and forecast not a significant challenge in the second-half. So, some of it's just that. The other we talked, institutional, which we expect to improve, and energy we expect to improve.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Mr. Monahan, there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Michael Monahan: Thank you. That wraps up our first quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated discussion slides will available for replay on our Web site. Thank you for your time and participation, and our best wishes for the rest of the day.
Operator: Thank you for participation. Today's conference has concluded. You may now disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-19 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Ecolab Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Mike Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations for Ecolab. Thank you. You may now begin.
Michael Monahan: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolabs fourth quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolabs Chairman and CEO; and Dan Schmechel, our Chief Financial Officer. A discussion of our results, along with our earnings release and the slides referencing the quarters results and our outlook, are available on Ecolabs website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements on these materials, stating that this teleconference, the discussion and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described under Item 1A, Risk Factors, of our most recent Form 10-K and in our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with a brief overview of the results, Ecolabs strong growth momentum and double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth continued in the fourth quarter. New business gains, accelerating pricing and product innovation drove strong fourth quarter acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales and operating income growth, which along with cost efficiency actions and reduced tax rate, yielded the fourth quarters 12% adjusted diluted earnings per share increase. Moving on to some highlights from the quarter and as discussed in our press release, acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales increased 6%. Adjusted fixed currency operating income rose 7%, continuing the acceleration shown throughout 2018. The operating income gain, along with a lower tax rate yielded the 12% increase in adjusted diluted EPS, continuing the double-digit quarterly growth trends recorded throughout 2018. We continue to work aggressively to drive growth, winning new business through our innovative new products and sales and service expertise, as well as driving pricing, productivity and cost efficiencies to grow our top and bottom lines. Our digital investments are developing well and will add new actionable insights for our customers to improve their operations, enhance their experience working with us and increase our sales force effectiveness. We also continue to see solid underlying sales volume and pricing across all of our business segments. We expect 2019 adjusted diluted earnings per share to rise 10% to 14% to the $5.80 the $6 range, as volume and price gains more than offset the impact of higher delivered product costs and business investments. First quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share are expected to be up 8% to 16% to the $0.98 to $1.06 range. In summary, we expect continued strong top line momentum in our business over the balance of the year to more than offset higher delivered product costs and deliver operating income growth and, along with cost efficiency actions, yield double-digit adjusted diluted earnings per share growth this year. Importantly, despite the headwinds, we continue to make the right investments in key areas of differentiation, including product information, digital investments to develop superior growth for the future and we expect to sustain strong momentum as we exit the year. And now, here is Doug Baker with some comments.
Douglas Baker: Thanks, Mike, and hello. Weve got  Ive got a couple of comments and Im going to keep it brief and maybe a bit repetitive. If we look at 2019, we enter with really quite strong momentum. Q4 was solid in the positive sense of the word. We had 6% organic growth, driven in part by strong pricing, but also very solid volume. This is driven by strong new business, which we really enjoyed all year, including in the fourth quarter, we saw improving OI throughout the year and double-digit EPS in the fourth quarter and for the year as well. So as a consequence, we project 2019 to be very good as well. Were forecasting a 10% to 14% full-year adjusted EPS range, 8% to 16% Q1 range. The year is really going to be driven by this formula: continued good volume and pricing; a growing benefit from our accelerate plans; and less raw material headwinds, underscore less. They arent favorable, theyre just growing slower than they were in 2018, or thats our projection. Importantly, well continue to invest in systems, digital and key growth innovation throughout the year, and our success driver really fundamentally remains the same. And I would say, importantly, the story we bring to our customers is an important story in both good and not so good economic times. So we know when we have great teams driving our great business model, which we define as best results at lowest cost in the environmental impact. This is what drives great financials for our shareholders and its exactly what were focused on. So if theres any shout out that is deserved, its really  Im quite pleased with the momentum we enter 2019 and its really a testament to our teams who have been executing very well out in the field. So with that, Ill turn it back to Mike for Q&A.
Michael Monahan: Thanks, Doug. That concludes our formal remarks. As a final note before we start Q&A, we plan to hold our annual tour of our booth of the National Restaurant Association Show in Chicago on Monday May 20. Looking further ahead, we also plan to hold our 2019 Investor Day on Thursday September 5. If you have any questions, please contact our office. Operator, would you please begin the question-and-answer period?
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one brief follow-up question per caller, so that others have a chance to participate. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Gary Bisbee: Hey, guys, good afternoon. So I guess, the first question for me, obviously, pricing has really picked up and thats been helpful to revenue growth. But as we think about  but in fairness, volume also had its best year in a number of years. So as you think about 2019, what is the cadence look like? I assume, as you start to lap the pricing, youre unlikely to get those types of gains again on top of what youve got now. So is it reasonable to think that the revenue growth decelerates a bit as we move into the year, or is your optimism around volume is such that, this recent trend is sustainable on the top line? Thank you.
Douglas Baker: We believe contributions from volume and pricing in 2019 are going to be very similar to those that we saw in 2018. And so while youve got raw material inflation slowing, we still forecast, its going to be up year-on-year. But I dont even think its like spot market pricing, thats whats really driving our conversation with customers. Fundamentally, we dont try to match price and inflation in any given quarter. We want to do it at a slower pace, as weve talked in the past, simply because its better for our customers. And so were still in the recoup mode, if you will, from a pricing standpoint for increases that we saw in parts of 2017 and all the way through 2018 and the continued forecasted increases we see in 2019. So we would expect fairly steady, if you will, collective sales growth throughout the year. We dont think that there is a big hockey stick, i.e., its much faster in the first-half versus second or vice versa.
Gary Bisbee: And then a quick follow-up. I guess, just wanted to probe your ability to prepare for the spin. Does this have any impact on either the bolt-on M&A strategy or anything else as you divert people to focus on that, or are you think thats not going to be a huge deal as we think about what the executive team is working on over the next 12 to 18 months? Thank you.
Douglas Baker: Yes, I mean, its fair. Its absolutely a large project. I think, we worked hard to understand, if you will, where the shadow falls from this project. It will not preclude us from continuing our path of bolt-on M&A. We have a very good pipeline right now. What we create when were in these situations and I think weve done it quite successfully in the past is, we create and kind of segregate teams that are going to go focus on this. We will utilize outside services, where they are equal or better than what we can do internally as well, so that we dont drain capacity needlessly here. If you recall, when we had, say, even the Nalco integration, we created a standalone team. We gave them a charter. They executed excellently. And if you also recall, we continue to drive very successfully sales growth and margin growth during that period of time in the rest of the businesses.
Gary Bisbee: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Bardi: Hi. This is actually Greg calling on for Manav. I just want to hit on the raw material assumptions a little bit more. Just given what happened last year in terms of the third-party assumptions ending up a little bit worse, just wondering what level of conservatism youve put into those assumptions?
Douglas Baker: Yes. No, we would follow the philosophy, I think, youre advocating. Well make a new mistake this year. So youre right. I mean, if you went on the indices last year, which is basically how we formulate forecasts, it would have suggested, you would have had a much lower level of inflation in raw materials in 2018 than we actually saw. If you look at our forecast in indices, our forecast for raw materials is slightly above the indices at this point in time. We also understand that the indices are always going to be wrong one way or another, but we are certainly not being overly aggressive. We dont believe with our raw material forecast. Well see what actually transpires. Obviously, if it ramps up, we have proven that we can ramp up pricing if we need to in that eventuality and thats exactly what we would do if we needed to. And obviously, wed probably step on the accelerate  accelerator, too.
Greg Bardi: Okay. And then I just wanted to quickly ask about how you think about the growth trajectory for the Downstream Energy business? I think in the past, a lot of the secular growth drivers youve talked about for that business focus more on the upstream side. So if you could just touch on some of the drivers that have driven the nice growth on the downstream side, that would be appreciated? Thanks.
Douglas Baker: Yes. The downstream business if you look at cyclicality, either on growth or income, is one of the steadiest businesses we have in our portfolio, not just in energy, but in total. And its a very steady mid single-digit top line growth business. There are a number of things that drive it. We are a global player in that market. You certainly still have significant economic growth in key parts of the world that typically drives energy consumption. The other aspect of production out of the refineries and petrochemicals, obviously, plastics. And while there are certainly pressure on some consumer plastics, plastics are absolutely critical to a number of the key sustainability initiatives. Its a way that you lightweight materials, the way you lightweight vehicles, et cetera, is going to be through fundamentally plastics. And so theres very steady demand story we believe as we look at this business. If you look at the past, it would also indicate that the business is quite resilient, both the end market and ours.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chip Moore with Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed with your question.
Chip Moore: Thanks. Doug, maybe you can talk a bit more about competitive environment by geography and institutional, in particular, and then where you are exiting some lower-margin business, maybe you can just help to quantify that for us as a headwind in 2019? Thanks.
Douglas Baker: Yes. Id say the  I dont know what the competitive environment has dramatically changed by region. Certainly, Europe remains the most competitive challenged market that we compete in from an institutional standpoint. It was and is and will be we think for a considerable period of time. In terms of the low-margin comment, yes, we ended up and weve been through this a number of times, where through quite aggressive bids that we determined werent smart to match. We have exited loss, whatever word you want to use, some business, principally in the contract catering arena. This will have some top line impact, probably less impact on the bottom line, simply because it wasnt high-margin business to begin with, and then we faced very aggressive competitive bids. If you go back, this isnt very different than the situation we faced in food and beverage for a considerable period of time, where a number of instances, we decided not to match bids. The business went away for a period of time and virtually all. I can think of one piece of business that we have not resecured after going through that in the food and beverage market. Obviously, we will work to prove that were the right partner for these companies going forward, but we cant do business when its going to be at a very problematic financial situation. The reason were in business is to do good for society and for our customers, but also  or by the way, make money. And we do not ever see the idea of losing money as a strategic benefit. And so if we cant prove, well get costs right and do other things. This is not going to be significant. We think institutional this year is going to grow mid single digits again as a sector and institutional specific division will have mid single-digit growth this year as well.
Chip Moore: Understood. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Laurence Alexander: Hi. Can you give a feel for on  particularly on the more on industrial facing parts of institutional, so the dairy and food and beverage and so on. What kind of dispersion that youre seeing in terms of acceptance or traction with the price increases? Are there any pockets regional or otherwise on pricing gaining traction where its being more difficult? Secondly, as you think about the digitalization investments, what would you need to see to  over the next couple of years to significantly change the pace of investment?
Douglas Baker: Yes. Well, the first question around industrial and where were seeing pricing, I mean, we saw a significant improvement in pricing capture throughout the year and ended over 3% in our industrial businesses in the fourth quarter. We expect that to continue as we enter 2019, as I discussed earlier. Youre right, regionally, its not exactly the same number everywhere. I would say, China, which was a net plus in the pricing column, is always a more challenged market, its cultural, its historical, et cetera. But we are pushing and securing price there, just not at the same rate that were seeing in some of the other markets, but we also know that ultimately thats got to change too. So we feel good about the ability to capture price. I think at the heart of it is that the value we bring to customers is tangible. They understand it. Theyre willing to pay for it, because they know that net we are a better deal than their alternatives, and we work very hard to merchandise and prove that day in, day out, and it really comes from the significant water and CO2 savings or energy savings that we help drive within their facility, which often are greater than the total bill they pay us. So thats an important part of the equation, important reason we get price. And the second question, digital. I would say, what do we need to see? Well, I mean to me, this is one of the most critical things that we need to do. We have huge built-in advantages that we need to leverage. And I think those advantages play really well in a digital future. We have nearly 3 million customer sites, probably 90% were collecting information today. But a very small fraction of those are connected to the cloud at the moment. Connecting those dispensers, which are collecting unique information to the cloud isnt technically hard and costs have been going down. And so were on a real mission to go get those connected. The information streams that we have will be unique. We have unique ways of analyzing this, because we have know-how and the ability then to translate this into advantage for customers we think is dramatic. Weve done this on a fairly large scale industrial, where, if you will, cost of capital isnt as sensitive, simply because you may be taking out millions out of a given unit versus thousands and we have proven the concept. And one of the reasons, I think, you really see water moving, food and beverage moving is our ability to capture information and utilize it to the benefit of customers. We now have some very large-scale wins and tests going on and big customers in the institutional area. Were quite confident, its going to show the same kind of value creation as we go. So obviously, we need to continue to see fruit from this investment. But I would also say, I think, the future without investing digital is a scary place to be and a bad bet for any business to be making. So even if we have some hiccups, some stumbles or some other things, weve got to continue to invest here. And I think our investors would be wise to hold our feet to the fire on digital investments going forward, because its the safest way to guarantee a long-term successful future.
Laurence Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tim Mulrooney with William Blair & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Tim Mulrooney: Yes, good morning. I have two questions. The first one, how much  going back to the price raws conversation, how much were delivered product costs year-over-year in 2018? And what are your assumptions for 2019?
Douglas Baker: Well, theyre up high single-digit, like 8% globally raw materials rate, et cetera, pretty significant. Our assumptions into this year are roughly half. So..
Tim Mulrooney: Got it. Thats helpful.
Douglas Baker: so increase, but more at the 4% level.
Tim Mulrooney: Yes. Okay, perfect. Thats what Im looking for. And then, Doug, relative to my model, the business that outperformed the most in the back-half of 2018 was water. Were there any large orders or other one-time events that drove such strong performance? And how are you thinking about water for 2019, particularly given the difficult comps in the back-half of the year? Thank you.
Douglas Baker: Well, if the water team is listening, Im hoping for 20% in 2019. For the investors, Id probably calm that down a bit. No, I would say, the water business is an annuity business, like the balance of our other businesses. So its not a  I mean, there can be occasions, where we have a significant investment and/ or sale, But thats quite rare and was not the driver for the acceleration in the second-half of the year was fundamentally improved pricing certainly helped. But I would also say, big, big success in terms of driving new business  net new business, and thats always the key to driving our top line. And the team in heavy, in light, in mining, really kind of broad. It was a broad success story. Paper obviously saw the numbers there, have done a very good job
Tim Mulrooney: Yes.
Douglas Baker: Leveraging innovation to drive new sales as they go forward.
Tim Mulrooney: Got it. Thank you.
Douglas Baker: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Roberts with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
John Roberts: Thank you. Back on the digitization efforts, as they proceed, would you expect the institutional business to go  be able to go down into smaller customers? More effectively, youre concentrated up in the larger chains, but I dont know whether this allows your guys to  at a lower cost to be able to provide some sort of services to the smaller restaurant chains that have been harder for you to penetrate?
Douglas Baker: Yes, I would imagine ultimately as we continue to drive utilization of the technology and the technology continues to evolve and typically, the evolution of digital as a lower cost, not higher cost. Yes, I think you would ultimately  our focus is going to be driving superior outcomes for our customers. But I would also say, I imagine that using digital will enable us to be even more targeted and how we use our very advantageous field resources more successfully and more efficiently. And as youre able to do that, youve got the best of both worlds, which is you will learn more, you can be predictive, but you can still react and have the capability of solving the problems that you want cover, which is a huge desire on our customer standpoint. So, yes, I think, it will lower cost, improve our capabilities and enable us to probably go to a broader swath of the market.
John Roberts: And then could you give us an update on the institutional water market? You had a relatively small business and now go ahead a relatively small business. And I have kind of lost track as youve tried to increase your penetration there, its not broken out clearly?
Douglas Baker: Yes, there would be our  the water light business would include the institutional market and food and beverage markets, et cetera. And that business has been a very consistent, if you will, mid to upper single-digit performer for quite a while. And we really, if you will, reprioritize that business. It was an important business for Nalco in the 90s. It got deprioritized in the 2000s, and we thought incorrectly so did much of their management by the way. And we have, if you will, resplit and one of the early work we did was going to redividing the Nalco water business into dedicated focused business units, much how Ecolab thinks about going to market. And I would also say much how Nalco used to go-to-market in up through the 90s. And this is proven to be a good investment and a  and good work to go through, because one of the reasons I believe we are seeing improved water results is that, weve gone through all of that work and now have this redivision, if you will, done largely globally and focus drives results. And in the light business, we see it as well. And so we are out there working to secure. Weve made some acquisitions to give us route capabilities and in New York market, in particular, we want to learn from that route model and see if we cant replicate it another large metro areas, because we think it gives us an additional means of getting after a large segment of that market.
John Roberts: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you. Could you just give us some comments on the gross profit margins for the year in terms of how much improvement you think youre going to get and you talked about overall cost for the year earlier? But how does that phase in through the year, and where do we see the inflection and GPMs? In which quarter?
Douglas Baker: Yes. I think, here we would expect to start seeing daylight, if you will, or year-on-year improvement in gross margins, second quarter for the vast majority of the businesses. And I think, youll see improvement in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter in terms of margin, if you will, gross profit year -on -year decline, it will be much less. So youre going to see the line, I think, steadily improved from second-half through the first quarter and second quarter, Id be surprised if we didnt have, if you will, increased margin year-on-year 2019 versus 2018 in Q2. For the year, given that were going to have this, I mean, its going to be  I dont know 30 to 50 basis points kind of improvement this year overall. But obviously, its going to be stronger in the second-half than it is in the first-half as we just discussed the first quarter situation.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And just as a housekeeping follow-up. Any comments on cash flow generation and working capital? And you also noted a lower tax rate, I assume, its not materially lower?
Douglas Baker: Thats a Dan question.
Daniel Schmechel: Yes. So let me just say, we feel great about our cash flow in 2018. I mean finished  that was a question mid-last year. We outperformed my expectation at that time and look for 2019 to continue to be a great free cash flow generation youre looking for sort of the yield of reported net income to free cash flow in the 90%-plus range okay? And yes, the tax rate, so clearly, we benefited in 2018 really from the U.S. corporate tax reform. Also let me just say, from a lot of good tax work that we did consistent with the new rule in terms of continuing to improve our position, but not expecting great shakes in 2019 in comparison expect the rate to be flat or maybe even tipping up a couple of tenths of a percentage point, okay.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Parkinson with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher Parkinson: Great. Thank you. Your enterprise selling has been doing pretty well, especially in F&B and Pest Elimination. Can you just give us a quick update on these teams, given the current degree of customer penetration and just how we should think about this in 2019 and 2020? Is it still safe to say were in the early innings? Thank you.
Douglas Baker: Based on share, youd have to say, were in early innings. And so while weve been in these businesses, were successful. In some key markets, were number one, but we still have significant upside from a share standpoint and we think just like a line of sight in front of us. So, we would expect the pest business to continue to perform as it has been, which is kind of high single-digit organic growth rates. Theyve been executing very well. We continue to invest in that business as we believe we need to sustain that type of growth rate. F&B had a good 2018, ended up with 6% growth in the fourth quarter, kind of organic growth rate. They too are working hard to secure pricing, too, if you will, recoup the margin that was lost as a consequence of the significant raw material run up. But in terms of top line, there are significant opportunities. I would say, the combination of water and F&Bs food safety programs is an outstanding story that our customers have really responded to. We had early success when we first, if you will, acquired Nalco and we talked about $0.5 billion in terms of sales synergy, which we also announced that we more than surpassed. I would say, the momentum is built if anything. And its really the teams willingness and drive to continue to refine the story and now have that translate into new innovation, where there are synergistic innovations between water and F&B, shared platforms around 3D, et cetera, all those things, I think, bodes very well and is a reason weve seen a huge uptick in, I would just say, share in that space.
Christopher Parkinson: Just a quick follow-up on healthcare. Last year, I believe or at least over the last couple of quarters, youve been shifting your sales approach a little versus your competitors. Can you just comment on the status of the strategy evolution? Any key differentiating offers  offerings? How you handle yourself in the hospital versus your peers? And then just overall approach to reaccelerating the growth in this business? Thank you.
Christopher Parkinson: Yes. No, I  fair. I mean, we talked about healthcare last year and we had a, what Ill call, like disappointing start to the year, where first-half was very low single digits. We forecasted that we would improve throughout the year into the teams credit they did. So we exited in the fourth quarter with a 4% organic growth rate in healthcare. Its really driven. Id say, theres a couple of things. The team has done a lot of very good work in terms of developing programs. And we believe theyre the right programs the team does, I do. Theyve done great work around utilizing digital technology to, I would say, further enhance those programs and its quite compelling stuff. What we need to do is probably sharpen the way we talked about benefits, which I mentioned in previous calls, which is certainly reduction in healthcare acquired infections and significant rate reductions. But we also need to do a better job translating that into economic benefit, and I think the team has done a lot of work there. Our program business in healthcare, if you will, the stuff that weve been emphasizing and putting, if you will, our real sales effort behind is growing double-digit. Its just not the majority of the business yet. But if you continue this path over any length of time, ultimately, it becomes the dominant piece of the business in terms of size and therefore, more of that growth start showing up in the overall number.
Christopher Parkinson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn with Buckingham Research Group. Please proceed with your question.
Douglas Baker: Hello?
Operator: Dmitry, your line is live.
Dmitry Silversteyn: Hi, thanks. I just wanted to follow-up a couple of questions. Number one, can you talk a little bit about whats going on given sort of the softer economic conditions in parts of the world outside of the U.S. with your restaurant and quick service business? I mean, how should we think about your ability to gain share in this  in a slower growth environment in 2019 in that space?
Douglas Baker: Yes. I would say, we dont think  I mean, I think, what were going to see the economy have any impact is probably Europe. And the U.S. is forecasted to grow slower, but were not that GDP sensitive. We still think its going to be a very solid economy, and our ability to go capture share and do things and offset lost businesses, et cetera, we think remains pretty robust in the U.S. Europe isnt going to be a tougher environment and we think probably where you see weaker economies maybe show up. Globally, as I mentioned before, we think institutional will continue to have a good year in 2019, but Europe will probably be their soft spot.
Dmitry Silversteyn: Okay, all right. And then just as a follow-up on the  your comment about Europe being sort of the most competitive and kind of the most difficult market for you to execute the sort of the value-added strategy that youve been called known for. This  you probably could have made this comment 20 years ago. And so my question is, is there anything on the horizon in Europe either from what you guys are doing or what other players are doing in terms of consolidating in that space and that geography? And if not, whats stopping the consolidation of the industry that can result in better operating environment for the remaining players?
Douglas Baker: Well, I wouldnt say, we go out to consolidate an industry. Its going to  our view is typically, if were going to do M&A, its  because it gives us the ability to enhance our offering to customers either through technology and/or gives us access to our markets and maybe here too for we didnt have access to. Dmitry, I guess, if you want to take the long view, which I appreciate, certainly, our competitive position in every business, most notably, institutional is dramatically better today than it was 20 years ago, 15 years ago, 10 years ago or five years ago. We have a larger share. Weve outgrown our competitor in terms of absolute percent on double the size, I think, every year probably or close to it. I dont have all the facts, because theyve been private much of the time. But I think we have pretty good estimates, because they were public for a period of time and that includes Europe. And our Europe business improved to just it is a tougher situation. So these are kind of relative comments. I dont feel were impaired in Europe, or there were missing any technology or critical competitive advantage to compete, its just relative to the other markets. Our competitive situation undoubtedly is more challenging in Europe than it is in other places. But I dont believe its an obstacle.
Dmitry Silversteyn: And you dont see that changing, I guess, in the next, lets call it, three to five years?
Douglas Baker: From now, I dont know. I mean, its hard to predict. I  so I think well continue to get stronger over the next three to fie years, I think as we start leveraging more effectively. I mean, one of the advantages we have is size. We invest a lot more in R&D just in absolute dollars and dollars count in R&D. And we ought to continue to leverage that scale to our advantage, which I think is one of the strategies that weve effectively utilized over the years. And as we do this in digital is a perfect example of that developing world-class platforms and leveraging them broadly is something that we can uniquely do. We can afford to put more money into them, because we have more money. And well continue to do that going forward, I do believe that will translate into advantage over the next three to five years.
Dmitry Silversteyn: Okay. Thank you, Doug.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar with Citigroup. Please proceed with your questions.
Scott Goldstein: Hi, this is Scott on for P.J. Thanks for taking my question. Doug, if I go back to the institutional business, I think, you had forecasted for 2018 top line growth to return to the mid single-digit range. And it did despite weaker restaurant foot traffic in the U.S. And I think, would you mind talking about some of the drivers behind that growth this year? And do you think that level of growth sustainable through 2019?
Douglas Baker: Yes. I mean, we forecast mid single digits for 2019. I dont know if it means that the points flow exactly at 5 or point faster. Its relatively the same  roughly the same type of growth rate this year. And the reason we wont see acceleration is a little bit of that conversation on softness in Europe. And as we overcome some of the losses through new business, which weve secured, but youve got to go install it. So Im quite confident in our institutional business as we go forward. What drove it last year is sort of old-fashioned. We sold new business. They had a lot of very successful innovation uptake throughout both their warewash platform, as well as continued progress in their laundry platforms. Those are by far the most important factors in driving this growth and theyre starting to see it more broad. So China is moving quite nicely for our institutional business. Its going to be the most important market long-term for food service globally. So thats a very important investment area for us and an important place to see traction long-term.
Scott Goldstein: Okay. Thank you. Thats all I got. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. Hey, Doug, are the assets that youre expecting to spin out in the energy space expected to grow this year in line with corporate average above or below corporate average?
Douglas Baker: More in line. So, we would say, its mid single-digit top line growth. We would expect to see margin expansion as well in the upstream business as they recoup and the significant raw material inflation that theyve seen as well. So I wouldnt say, the business is going to work dramatically different with or without it, if you will, from percentage growth and percentage OI growth.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. And then just  would you just from an on the ground perspective, after you spinout this business, is there  does that give you more management wherewithal to focus on other areas of the company, or is there some commentary you could talk about in terms of the kind of executive management focus that was required for that business over the last several years? I guess, what Im getting at is beyond just kind of changes in the end markets, does this free up some management time or bandwidth to focus on the other businesses that you just didnt have beforehand?
Douglas Baker: Yes, I guess, Id answer it this way. The basis for the spin remains, the model is shifting and its increasingly becoming less like our other businesses in terms of the disciplines and expertise you need to run it, which we talked about during the spin call. And thats really the reason that were doing it. I would say, an additional benefit is exactly what you said. I would certainly, if you will, kind of the models were running are more alike, so you get more synergy in terms of management investment and time. You get more synergy in terms of uptake on specific developments. You probably will have in digital and/or some of the other technology as we go forward. So, yes, I think a side benefit is the company becomes arguably a little easier to run, which means more bandwidth to go drive innovation and improvement in what youre running.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Hamzah Mazari with Macquarie Group. Please proceed with your question.
Hamzah Mazari: Good afternoon. Thank you. My question is just if you could remind us on synergies between various businesses in the portfolio? The reason I ask is, you touched on water being a significant portion of downstream. Maybe just touch on how many of your corporate customers subscribe to your entire suite of products, or however you want to answer that question, I appreciate it?
Douglas Baker: Yes. I  well, its a hard one to answer, simply because of the breadth we have, as I mentioned 3 million customer units around the world. We dont track by, I would say, the best way to answer, I think, the heart of the question is this, theres not a customer that we sell that we couldnt double or minimum triple the business with if they ended up buying all of our offerings. And that includes our most longstanding, most highly penetrated customers. And so we have significant upside in every customer. Now a lot of this is planned upside. We continue to invest in new technologies. Water continues to build out, if you will, their capabilities around cooling tower and Legionella detection and ultimately prevention practices. When they do that, they become  they open up the scope of offerings or customers that they can go sell to. And as a result, the opportunity continues to increase. Weve always said, we want to grow every year and we want to grow our opportunity every year. So we dont end up running into walls like our share is too large and theres no more growth in front of us, which is a mistake too frequently made by too many companies. So well make a different mistake, were not going to make that one. So I dont care if its passed. Theres huge penetration opportunities, water huge penetration opportunity, institutional itself has significant penetration opportunities. Theyre getting after water filtration in a more concentrated way and a number of other technologies and theres huge upside for them in a number of their customers. Warewash and our KAY QSR business has got significant upside potential. So theres probably not one set of customers or one set of technologies that doesnt have upside from circle to customer opportunities.
Hamzah Mazari: Great. And just a follow-up, does the spin of energy increase your appetite to do larger deals? I know you havent done one in a while, maybe its valuation or maybe something else, but just any thoughts there? Thank you.
Douglas Baker: Yes, I think, our appetite was plenty large to begin with. I think, its always going to be counterbalanced with discipline. And so, yes, I think the company and the team has proven that we can successfully do whatever large deals mean deals in the billions. We would not be afraid to do that, but we arent going to do it if we dont think the valuation is such that will enable us to have healthy returns for our shareholders. Ultimately, thats why shareholders invest in us. You can do a lot of deals, make them accretive on EPS, but theyre lousy return deals and long-term, we think its return that drives value.
Hamzah Mazari: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer & Co. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Schneeberger: Yes, thanks. Hey, Doug, on  following Hamzahs question on M&A. The last real big win was about two years ago was Anios. Could you give us a progress report on that one? And then this conversation earlier about how Europe maybe the soft area? Going forward on a relative basis, whats your propensity to do M&A in that region specifically, might there be an opportunity upcoming? And then I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Douglas Baker: Yes. So Anios has been very successful. And through today versus its plan is on or above plan on almost all of key metrics. And so we feel very good about how the team integrated, how Anios onboarded the cultural overlap. I mean, there arent many areas, where we dont feel good about how healthcare is integrated that business. So I think, its  you would chalk it up on the success side. We typically have fairly aggressive management cases for deals. They are higher than our investment case, if you will. And so Anios is off to a good start. In terms of Europe, as  yes, I would sort of concur that. Soft economic environments typically or can create good M&A opportunities. And if you even recall when we bought Nalco, 2011 was very early, if you will, and M&A heating back up. And for some, was a little earlier than they thought maybe was wise, at least, the first eight weeks. And so  but the consequence we bought that  the print number was like 11 EBITDA, and with synergies, it was high single digits. And it was, because it was following a big economic change. So, yes, well be aggressive in looking. Our relative performance tends to do quite well in tough economic times, and were a good cash generator. So our capabilities of doing M&A dont change demonstrably in tough economic times and our advantage probably changes more significantly up in bad economic times.
Scott Schneeberger: All right, thanks. I appreciate that. And then the other question was in the Other segment, very, very strong operating margin expansion there. I imagine a lot was because of the departure of Equipment Care. But that youd all anniversary now heading into 2019. so Im just curious what  whats a reasonable steady state the margin to expect there? And whats  what is achievable? Thanks.
Douglas Baker: Yes. Well, youre right. A big piece of that year-on-year margin growth is the fact that GCS was still partially in the base and had obviously a very low margin relative to the other businesses. So exiting that impacted it, right? Its out. So going forward, yes, I think youll see steady improvement overall in that base. I mean, there will be some lumpiness simply because CTG can be a little  its a small business, but relatively lumpy. It can have some big quarters plus and some quarters not as large, if you will. Pest over time has been a very steady performer. Its one of the higher-margin businesses that we have. Its a good margin business, very commensurate with other pest businesses, if you will.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with G. Research. Please proceed with your question.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Doug, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about Bioquell and how you are planning to integrate it with your  in your healthcare business? It sounds to me as though it is totally different from what you are offering. Can you give us a better feel for what youre doing with it?
Douglas Baker: Yes, happily. So Bioquell is a different business. Its really, if you will, being integrated, let me define that word for a minute in this case into our life sciences business. So there will be some application of the Bioquell technology in healthcare or acute care specifically, which isnt unusual for us. But predominantly, we view the Bioquell being targeted against the life sciences, i.e., pharma, cosmetic industries, et cetera. The life science approach here and, if you will, the acquisition model is fairly light touch initially from an integration standpoint, often our mantra. I mean, we stole it from somebody else, is make sure do no harm. Weve got a great business with great technology, great competency in the team that we brought on. We want to understand how we most effectively leverage, if you will, the other parts of life sciences to advantage Bioquell and vice versa. That takes time. We have a thesis going in, but you need some experience to prove and learn how do you best do that. Long-term the Bioquell capabilities are always going to be somewhat unique, and so were always going to need, if you will, a unique center with people who are expert in specialist in that area. So were probably going to take more of an approach like we did with Anios, or we did with even KAY many years ago, which is utilize the asset, learn and understand the team, feed them with technology that can enhance them and learn from them how do you best, if you will, drive that business performance over time.
Rosemarie Morbelli: So I thought it was  I thought that their technology allows them to totally isolate a room if there is some kind of infection that you dont want to spread anywhere else. So how does that apply to life science and the cosmetic industry? I thought, I mean, I thought of it as acute care and hospital, not at all in life science or cosmetics?
Douglas Baker: Yes. Theres times in pharma and/or cosmetics or other manufacturing where you need to do a, if you will, kind of concentrated shutdown and comprehensive kill. And so thats not infrequent. Its an important part of the tool. It could be just parts of a manufacturing facility. It doesnt necessarily have to be the whole thing. It could be a specific clean room applications and others.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Oh, that is very helpful, thank you. And then, lastly, if I may, when I look at your operations, you have reached 46% to 48% gross margin. Im assuming that the Energy Upstream has lowered it in addition to the inflation and so on. But is there a chance that you can return to that particular range? And how quickly could you do that?
Douglas Baker: Yes. Well, youve got a couple of factors, I mean, youre right. Our margins post-spin will be greater than they are pre-spin. The other factor though, if youll recall, is the rev rec changes that we undertook, where we had, if you will, moved on the P&L geography, some of the service costs, which previously were in SG&A. It was like a 5 point  or 500 basis point change in overall gross profit, had no impact on OI, if you will. But it did have an impact on gross profit or gross margin. With that said, certainly, I would say, you can expect, I mean, its not hard to figure out that both our OI margin post-spin as a consequence also our ROIC post-spin will both be enhanced fairly significantly by the change.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Justin Hauke with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Justin Hauke: Great. Well, that last one actually was kind of what I was going to be asking about which was kind of structural gross margin expectation that would be aspirational from here. And I guess the second part of that question would be does pricing need to be even greater than it is or is there something else thats diluting the gross margin down, because 3% pricing is about as good as its been really, I mean, in decade-plus. And it seems like with raw material costs only up 4% in the outlook, all else equal, I would think that thered be a little bit more gross margin recovery than kind of flat to up slightly that  thats implied here. So is there anything else thats changed thats maybe diluting the gross margins down from where we would otherwise expect them to go to?
Douglas Baker: No, there havent been fundamental changes. I would just say, as I mentioned earlier, last year we had 8% raw material increase. And we built a pricing through the year. Pricing in total for 2018 was 2%. It was 3% in the fourth quarter. And so we are moving in this year with a lot more momentum, obviously, than we moved into 2018. And raw materials, while theyre expected to increase, it is at a slower rate. But the most severe year-on-year comparison were going to have on raw materials is in Q1, simply because they started moving really kind of Q2 on forward, if you will. And so the base becomes somewhat easier as you go throughout the year than it starts. With that said, we said we dont have really any hockey stick forecast for EPS or other things. We believe well be able to manage through this as we go on throughout the year, but there are no other huge structural issues. The last point Ill make is recall, we are  weve now had 100% of our U.S. supply chain. The bulk of the supply chain moved on to SAP. And we did that all the way through 2018 and actually put the last 15% on last week successfully. And it started a year ago like mid-February, and we now have a 100% of that supply chain. That costs money. It costs money certainly in just the investment in SAP systems, you turn it on. But probably most importantly, it creates, if you will, hijinks in your supply system as you need to move inventory around internally, as plant productivity goes down near-term, as you move them from one system to another.We said when we were going to undertake this that this would not make a quarterly call and it hasnt. The team did a great job managing this successfully, not making this a point of distinction and it was a big, big initiative. It certainly has cost there. We will have some continuation of higher costs this year than I would call normal in our supply chain as a consequence of that. But that will bleed off as you move and exit 2019 as well and we move into 2020.
Justin Hauke: Okay, great. And then the last one, this is just purely a number question. But of the $325 million just so we can track and calibrate better on the cost savings that are expected. Whats expected in the 2019 guidance specifically?
Douglas Baker: Yes, $80 million incremental versus last year.
Justin Hauke: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the question-and-answer session. Ill turn the floor back to Mr. Monahan for any final comments.
Michael Monahan: Thank you. That wraps up our fourth quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated discussion slides will be available for replay on our website. Thanks for your time today and participation and best wishes for the rest of the day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-30 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc. Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc. Daniel J. Schmechel - Ecolab, Inc.
Analysts: Gary Bisbee - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tim M. Mulrooney - William Blair & Co. LLC John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc. Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC John P. McNulty - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Scott Goldstein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Ecolab Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mike Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Thank you Mr. Monahan you may now begin.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: Thank you. Hello everyone and welcome to Ecolab's third quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO; and Dan Schmechel, our CFO. A discussion of our results along with our earnings release and the slides referencing the quarter's results and our outlook are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements on these materials, stating that this teleconference, the discussion and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described under Item 1A, Risk Factors, of our most recent Form 10-K, in our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with a brief overview of the results. Ecolab's solid growth momentum continued in the third quarter. New business gains, accelerating pricing and product innovation drove strong third quarter acquisition-adjusted fixed currency sales growth in all of our business segments. That strong top line growth along with cost efficiency and reduced tax rate yielded the third quarter's 11% adjusted earnings per share increase. Moving on to some highlights from the quarter and as discussed in our press release, acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales increased 7% with strong growth across all business segments. Regionally sales growth was led by North America and Latin America. Adjusted fixed currency operating income rose 6% continuing the acceleration shown throughout 2018. The operating income gain along with the lower tax rate yielded 11% increase in third quarter 2018 adjusted diluted earnings per share. We continue to work aggressively to drive growth winning new business through our innovative new products and sales and service expertise, as well as driving pricing productivity and cost efficiencies to grow our top and bottom lines at improved rates. We also continue to see solid underlying sales volume and pricing across all of our business segments. However after offsetting the bulk of $0.75 per share of increased delivered product cost and currency exchange headwinds since our initial 2018 forecast, we expect the fourth quarter will see further significant increases that leave insufficient time to offset them this year. We now expect 2018 adjusted diluted earnings per share to rise 11% to 13% to the $5.20 to $5.30 range as volume and price gains offset the impact of higher delivered product cost and business investments. Fourth quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share are expected to be up 8% to 15% to the $1.49 to $1.59 range. Work on the previously announced $200 million cost savings initiative, which is leveraging our recent technology and systems investments is making good progress and will benefit the fourth quarter. In summary, we expect continued strong top line momentum in our business over the balance of the year to more than offset higher costs and deliver operating income growth and along with cost efficiency actions and a lower tax rate yield 11% to 13% adjusted diluted earnings per share growth this year. Importantly despite the significant headwinds we are continuing to make the right investments in key areas of differentiation, including product innovation and digital investments to develop superior growth for the future and we expect to sustain strong momentum as we exit the year. And now here's Doug Baker with some comments.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Thanks Mike. In short, I'm happy with our business performance. I'm not happy at all that we had to lower our guidance, but the story isn't very complicated. The business results are strong. Volume growth, pricing, innovation, new business cost savings are all meeting our ambitious targets. Organic sales were plus 7% for the third quarter. We expect equal or better in Industrial, Institutional and other in Q4 compared to their Q3 results. The exception will be Energy, which is mostly a comparison issue. It's going against a 12% Q4 last year which we had said at the time was onetime driven. Pricing also accelerated again in Q3 across the board and will again in Q4, so we will leave the year at a 3% clip. Everything else operationally is in line also, including cost savings. The unexpected was principally raw material costs, which continued to defy gravity indices and certainly our projections. In total raws were $0.11 more than we had last forecast and FX piled on for another $0.04. Nearly three-quarters of this hits Q4. So time is the enemy here. Short-term moves like slashing investments or halting our U.S. SAP rollout would be foolish; we are not doing it. Instead, we continue to focus on pricing, cost savings and volume growth, but these don't spike to match raws, so it takes more than a quarter which brings me to my next point. We are winning. We're winning in the marketplace. We're winning against inflation. Clearly we're outpacing market growth across Industrial, Institutional, Energy and other segments. And even with the dramatic raw materials and transportation inflation, our pricing, volume, cost-saving efforts are leading to improving results with OI accelerating over the last three quarters and expected to continue in Q4 even at our new forecast. Also, adjusted EPS for the year remains double-digit. Perhaps most importantly, we enter 2019 with significant volume, pricing and cost savings momentum. All of this puts us in a good position to continue building our earnings momentum in 2019 and throughout the year, even in an environment where we have continued high raw material inflation, which is how we are planning for it. So with that I'm going to turn it back to Mike.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: Thank you, Doug. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, would you please begin the question-and-answer period?
Operator: Yes, thank you. Thank you. Our first question is from Gary Bisbee with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Gary Bisbee - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey guys. Good afternoon. So, I guess the first question, if we assume that raws and FX remain relatively around where they are right now and project that forward, would you anticipate adjusted operating margins increasing in 2019 before benefits from the $200 million cost reduction program? I guess just trying to think through operating leverage outside of another meaningful step up in raws.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes, I guess, Gary, I mean not to get detailed meaning, certainly if raws stopped increasing and stayed at the elevated Q4 levels, you would start seeing gross profit improvement very early in the year, year-on-year. Our forecast is more conservative than that at this point in time, which is not consistent with the indices or the published indices. We're looking and making sure that we perform in an even more difficult environment. And there, you might delay it until Q2, Q3 where you'll start seeing margin, even without the $200 million, because most of that's going to be SG&A, not in cost of goods. So, that probably is the best way to answer the question. Obviously, we're not going to go forecast the year right now. Environment's fairly dynamic, but we're working hard to take hard looks at what the sensitivities are around raw materials, et cetera, and put ourselves in a position to deliver no matter what.
Gary Bisbee - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. And then the follow-up, obviously, pricing accelerating has helped revenue. But the last year, you've had much better volume and mix growth than you'd had in the prior several years, really. I guess, how sustainable do you think that is? I know you've seen it pretty broad-based, but is there anything in particular you'd call out for driving that improvement in the volume side of revenue growth? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, it's always a combination of a couple of things. Certainly, I think our own efforts have a lot to do with it, but we're also in a fairly good economy. And to not note that I think would be misleading. So, our new business productivity, our innovation, I would say, our capabilities around leveraging the combination of Water with F&B and increasingly with Institutional has only enhanced. And we're having great success there as well. I think those things are going to be quite resilient in all economies because what we're ultimately demonstrating is that you can get best-in-class results and save money because of our capabilities around reducing water and the corresponding energy related to it. So it ends up to be a very economic story too, which will still resonate if the economy slows. So, yeah, I would expect that the vast majority we will have strong results moving forward, barring any  I don't expect an 2008, 2009. I reserve the right to change everything if that's what we see. I think our expectation next year is the economy will be fairly good, albeit a little bit slower than this year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Tim Mulrooney with William Blair. Please proceed with your questions.
Tim M. Mulrooney - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yeah. Good afternoon. Doug, can you just give us an update on your Institutional business? How does the competitive environment look? And what are your thoughts on pricing and volume as you work your way through the fourth quarter here?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, our forecast, as I mentioned earlier for all of the businesses, except Energy, is that they will be equal or maybe even a little stronger in Q4 than they were in Q3. That includes Institutional. The Institutional business we had forecast at the beginning of the year would be accelerating to about 5% and that would be its exit growth rate for the year. And we're there and we expect to stay there in Q4. The competitive environment for Institutional, we're going through another wave where we have a very aggressive price competitor, Diversey, and they've been quite aggressive in several accounts. Some, we have frankly allowed the move or stopped competing, because the price got to such a point that it doesn't make any sense to do the business. We don't like to buy work, if you will. And so, we've gone through this a number of times before. In some cases, the business finds its way back to us within a not terribly long period of time. I don't know if that's going to happen here or not. But with all that said, if you look at our net wins and losses against Diversey for the year, in total, as a company, we remain considerably up. So it's not like we're not continuing to win there, but they've had a couple of big wins because they're doing at a prices that don't make a lot of sense to us and we don't believe they have any cost advantage. With all that said, our Institutional business is improving and has improved. Certainly we'll have to walk through this, but we'll fight it the old-fashioned way, more new business innovation. I would say, as we've been working through Institutional, we also believe we have real cost savings opportunities, nothing to do with people, but a lot to do with product line and some other opportunities that we're going to go capitalize and take advantage. So we would expect Institutional to be a good performer again next year.
Tim M. Mulrooney - William Blair & Co. LLC: All right. Thanks for all that color. As my follow-up, I will pivot to your Water business, which had great performance in the third quarter. For Water, was there an uptick in Light Industrial, or is the acceleration in growth primarily being driven by heavy Industrial and Mining?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes, I mean, all of them are performing well. And we had improvement in heavy business which we've been talking about, because heavy team really starting a year ago was really strong and accelerating new business. It always takes a little while for this to show up in the results, but you're seeing it now. Mining, which is not a big business for us, has also turned around. And the light business continues to perform well also. And as I mentioned before, I think there's  we've talked about this. I think the Water business underneath the covers has been doing quite well for a while. We're just out of a lot of the kind of exiting business and the other stuff that we were doing. We weren't trying to be optically perfect, but we're doing things that we thought would enhance the business and the Water team has been executing very, very well.
Tim M. Mulrooney - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Roberts with UBS. Please proceed with your questions.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. Healthcare was the second lowest growth segment after Textile Care. I thought some of the new penalties around hospitals having infection rates and public disclosures of infections were going to help that business accelerate. Maybe you can take us through kind of where you are with that.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes, well, John, as we've talked the last couple of calls frankly, Healthcare had really a rough start this year. And while you're right in the analysis, second lowest growth, I would also say it's considerably better than it was in the first two quarters, which is what we had said we expected to happen i.e. acceleration in the second half. So we're seeing the beginnings of that. To the point of your question around, I'd say incentives in the healthcare industry, there still not as straightforward as I think all of us would either design if we were designing it, it's simpler I suppose if you don't have any of the details to deal with. But right now the economics still don't line up as straightforwardly as we would like. What we've adjusted and moved to is also not only talking HAIC reduction, where we're doing quite a good job, but also being much more transparent about how these economics show up even in the world where you are still reimbursing for extra hospital fees and everything else, which is still what's happening. And I think the team is getting clear about how they talk to our prospective customers in light of a game where it's not quite as clear as we would like it to be. Additionally there's still a lot of, a lot of room to grow in Healthcare. And we are using our Anios acquisition in France to expand more aggressively around the world in many cases using the Anios brand for several reasons, but it's been quite successful. We'll continue to do that. We're also putting stakes in the ground for Ecolab, if you will, branded business in key markets as well. So I remain bullish on the Healthcare business. It grows in kind of lumpily, but they're getting some underlying organic traction which we expect to continue.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: And then secondly, I thought actually at some point you might discontinue the other segment and move Pest Elimination into Institutional. Instead now you've added this Colloidal Technologies business unit, maybe you can tell us where you're going with that?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: With Colloidal?
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah, you've got  you're bulking  you've got now two businesses in other.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. Well, these are  so some of this is just rule-driven from an accounting standpoint. And when businesses are different than the other businesses, you need to put them in another segment. It's SEC other. And so what happens is past given the nature, there's really not a product component like there is on our other businesses, it finds its way into other. Colloidal is a different business for us as well. It has virtually zero SG&A. I think it's got a total of like 25 people on the whole business. And as a consequence, it's viewed as a other business as well and that's why those two are in that segment, it's just simple as that.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you. Good afternoon. I just wanted to touch back on the pricing versus cost equation. So I think you said you're assuming that the raws gets worse I suppose or keep increasing next year. You talked about sort of being at the 3% clip on pricing. I guess compared to historic periods, how high can you push pricing? Like is there a point at which you're going to have to find other ways to help offset those raw increases?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes, I mean, I would say there certainly is of course a ceiling. I mean we have competition out there. And we don't expect that we can go get  we can probably get 10% pricing for a year or two, but we would be on everybody's blacklist and ultimately they would choose to leave us. So we've always said that we take a longer term view on executing pricing. Our customers don't like big lumpy price increases. We don't either, but we can't  we are not immune from them, we can help them manage through it. If you look at history, if you go back, so raws this year were up in the 9% range. If you go back obviously to the severe 2008, 2009 period, they were up 11% in 2008. We got 3% pricing as a combined unit in both 2008 and in 2009. Right now we're going to be as I said exiting the year. So that was a full year pricing story. This year it's going to be just around 2% or a little north of 2% with a 3% exit rate. So we think there's still upside in pricing from what we delivered in 2018. And so, we are going to continue to push. We have to, given this environment. So we don't think we're at the end. We are already seeing exit rates. We're at 4% in the Industrial businesses, around 2% to 3% in Institutional. Energy is around the 3% rate and that's got to move up as we go throughout the year. So we're continuing to push, have upside from here, but it's not infinite.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. And just as a follow up, I mean, in terms of other costs, like, particularly labor, wage, so forth, like are you seeing any noticeable, I guess, trends there that may be add more pressure on top of the raws?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, I would say we continue to see wage inflation, but it's not inconsistent with what we've experienced in the past. Traditionally, the way we view this is we use a lot of our, what I'd call, normal productivity work to offset wage costs and healthcare costs and the like. And we've continued to do that. And so, we use pricing to really go after spiky costs like raw materials, transportation, et cetera, and make sure that those can serve to offset there. The incremental $200 million that we announced last call is really sort of on top of our normal efforts. It's not in place of our normal efforts.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: Hello. Could you give a little bit more color on what you're seeing regionally, particularly in Europe? And then secondly, sort of, to the extent that you're pushing the price in the Institutional markets, where you're seeing any areas of actual volume pressure or pushback, if at all, as opposed to just being theoretically you can't do it for a couple of years, but are you seeing any pushback currently?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, I mean, the simple answer is there's always pushback whenever you seek price in virtually every situation. And so, it always begets the discussion. And we need to demonstrate why it's important to price and why we are still a valued supplier delivering economic benefit even with the new price. So that's always an ongoing discussion. It takes real time from our sales team to go do this and execute, and also you get better with practice. And we're in an environment where there's a number of people who are being impacted by price. So we're not the only guys in the waiting room, if you will. In terms of what we we're seeing regionally, I would say, our Europe business continues to perform decently, a little over 3% sales growth is what we're seeing there. We expect that to be more or less the trend going forward. So, certainly slower than balance of the world, but better than, if you will, sort of our darker days in Europe. China, we continue to see strong results, basically double digits, almost across the board. Latin America is relatively strong coming off, I would say, a little easier base, but having good results in Latin America. The balance of Asia is doing pretty well as well. So, we don't see a lot of softness in the business at this point in time. We're not usually a harbinger of this, so we don't take a lot of solace. We're watching and looking, but I would also say just underlying trends don't indicate a big downturn in the economy, certainly not one that would match the volatility in the markets.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Doug, just on raw materials, which ones inflated the most to drive the guidance reduction here?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Oh, so in the latest period?
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, I mean for the year, we've got propylene, ethylene and caustic are our stars if you will. And recently, it's caustic continually and basically plastic for pails, et cetera, HDPE.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. And just again on Laurence's previous question, are there any signs of either destocking or slowing in any of your key end markets, more on the Industrial side I'm thinking about here?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: No, we've not seen any material change in behavior in our Industrial segments.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Andrew Wittmann with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your questions.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Doug, last quarter you talked about the $200 million cost savings plan. And at the time, you kind of suggested that you had a sense of it, but it wasn't fully nailed down and it sounds like it's probably still evolving a little bit. But I was just hoping you could just give us an update on your thoughts about how well developed the plan is here today maybe versus last quarter and where it could be by the end of the year? And then just maybe talk about the phasing; previously you suggested that it'd be kind of linear over that three year path. But has that developed to deliver any more benefits sooner or are any benefits needed sooner from the SG&A line, given that the raws are being an incremental headwind here?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. Well, we have done a lot of work since then. We aren't final, if you will, because we're also looking at ways to tweak the organization to reduce some layers, increase speed of decision making which is really the fundamental goal. It will probably also have the benefit of reducing costs and doing other things as well. So we're still doing some of that work. In the end, sitting here today, we're quite confident in our ability to deliver. We talked about a third, a third, a third over the three years. The first year was not going to be a challenge. If you're going to take a number, you take the over and not the under, but we're still finalizing that. When we announced and give a range for our 2019, we'll be very explicit on what we expect from the $200 million at that time.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you. That's all I had for today.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Thank you everyone. Just a question on cash flow, it looks like you made up a little progress versus where things were at the second quarter. But how do you think you'll straighten the year out? Is the raw material pressure just going to keep pushing working capital higher going into the year-end or something else going to happen?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, Dan gets cash flow.
Daniel J. Schmechel - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes. Thank you. Sure. So this is Dan. Yeah, thank you. Q3, I think was a much improved quarter from trends. So we saw in the quarter something like a little north of 100% conversion, bringing our full year benefit up to  close to 90%. We target about 95%. And you're correct, that from a working capital perspective, higher costs tends to inflate inventory. I'll point out also that higher pricing tends to benefit us from a working capital perspective on accounts receivable. And so, I feel good about the quarter. It is an improvement from trend. I think that we feel fine about the fourth quarter and expect to deliver a full year cash flow more or less in line with our expectation as it compares to the net income. And I'm thinking in the maybe $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion range, towards the higher end, I would expect, okay. But no real surprises and encouraged by Q3.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. And just us a follow-up, I had a question on Energy. And I apologize if you've answered this already. But the supplement talks about in the 4Q comparison against a strong period last year due to some production business sales. Can you just remind us what that was?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. Last year when we announced the fourth quarter Energy sales in Q4 were 12% last year, it was after like negative 2% and a 4% and a 5% in the prior three quarters. And we have said that wasn't the run rate, it included fairly significant like roughly maybe just a little under half of one-time sales of equipment and other things. I don't have the exact verbiage. A lot of those was even in the Middle East. But it wasn't a run rate and we're annualizing against that. If you take that out and look it would be like high single-digits in Q4, which is not inconsistent with what you saw in Q3.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question is from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
John P. McNulty - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yeah. Thanks for taking my question. On the $0.75 of raw material headwinds that you expect to see this year, how much of it do you expect to recoup back before the  or by the end of the year? And then how much of it is something that we'll see you catch-up on in 2019?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. The $0.75 includes FX as well. So that was really raw materials and FX versus our original plan. If you look at year-on-year impacts, it's going to be  I'll get you the exact numbers in a minute. So we're going to basically recoup if you will. So DPC versus plan and FX versus plan are around the $0.75 and pricing is just going to be under $0.30 or so over plan. So we've upped pricing this year versus what we expected to deliver in response to higher than forecast raw materials and ultimately FX. But we weren't able to recoup all of it because it moved very late on the year on us. Ultimately, we think we will recoup all of it. So we are already if you will our pricing dollar for dollar is over the incremental raw material bill, including in the fourth quarter. But now we've got to recoup margin, which we always say is typically year two work.
John P. McNulty - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Got it. No, that's helpful. And then thinking about the raw materials, it looks like some of the raws that you have exposure to whether it's caustic or propylene have actually started to come off a bit, I guess, in the last month or so. How quickly do you see that? Like how long do we have to wait before  let's assume these prices are for real in terms of how they've dipped a bit, how long before you actually start to see the benefit of that?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, it's different in the U.S. than outside the U.S. because the accounting rules are different. So in the U.S. it comes through fairly quickly. And outside the U.S., you've got inventory...
Daniel J. Schmechel - Ecolab, Inc.: 80 days.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, maybe 70, 80  couple of months.
John P. McNulty - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Got it. Prefect. Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Christopher Parkinson with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your questions.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great, thanks you. Just on Energy margins, the recovery is moving in the right direction, but it does appear a little bit slower than many investors were expecting. As you've already taken out the net costs following the volatility over the last few years, how should we think about the development of U.S. onshore to offset some of the potential shortfalls across the globe? And even thinking about the production rebalancing in the Middle East given the potential void of Iranian sanctions, just what are the best ways to think about your company specific outlook, given where the Energy markets are likely heading into 2019? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes, well I mean look you've touched on a few right. So Iran is going to turned off, Permian will get turned back on ultimately. They're probably the two big shifts. And you have got the slow leak in some other markets because they haven't the capital or the ability to maintain production values. I think by and large it bodes well for us. We don't have significant Iranian share given that we had to walk out. And Permian is an area that we've done well in. So as we see this shift, it will bode well for us.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got it. And just you did allude to this a little with your comments on Diversey. But given that the industry M&A changes over the last few years and the changes in competitive landscape pretty much across a bunch of your major segments, can you just comment on if you believe that these changes have had in any shape or form or fashion an effect on the various areas of industry pricing discipline and/or your ability to act in a timely fashion over the last year or so? Just any color on how that may have factored into the pricing? And if it wasn't a big deal obviously all good.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes. I'd even put the Diversey activity is not inconsistent with history. So we've always gone and they've always been quite price aggressive in our minds not always in the most intelligent fashion as we look at P&Ls of customers. But it's always easier because you have more information than the person competing for the business, because you're doing it. You know what the costs are, you know what the consumption is and the others are guessing. So that's not even new. I mean we've been dealing with this on and off for 30 years. And I would imagine, we'll continue to do so. Or I mean the only really  there's only really upside in terms of pricing behavior from most of our competition. I'd say Baker Hughes has come under kind of the GE Energy umbrella, appears to be I would say more priced, seems like they're pricing more intelligently based on costs and other things. I don't know if that's going to last or not, can't predict. And I'd also say Suez, we haven't seen dramatic change from Suez.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel. Please proceed with your questions.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, thank you very much for taking my questions. Hey Dan, maybe you could help with this. If you leave current FX rates constant from where they are today, what would be the FX headwind to 2019 numbers? So not asking for guidance or anything, but just what does it represent as a headwind to next year?
Daniel J. Schmechel - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes. So if you just read next year's FX exposure at current spot rates, we would see a headwind of about $0.10, okay, so plus or minus 2% of EPS.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay great. And then what would be the growth rate in the quarter if you normalized for that Hurricane that was kind of an easy comp in the third quarter? Would you still be at 7% or would that have come down to 6% or something?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Hurricane was probably 60 basis points. So, you'd probably end up above 6%, but probably not rounding to 7%.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar with Citigroup. Please proceed with your questions.
Scott Goldstein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi, this is Scott Goldstein on for P.J. So, it looks like in Textiles Care, it's growing meaningfully slower than your other Industrials businesses. So, what are your longer term expectations for that business and do you still view it as core part of the portfolio?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: We expect Textile to accelerate from here. That's a business forecast sound reasoning behind it. Some was just going through some customer transitions and others, but we would expect that business to accelerate. But it's going to be a mid-single-digits growth business. It's not going to be a business in the 6% to 8% organically, but it's a good business. Yes, it's part of our portfolio and we'll continue to invest in it to grow and to win.
Scott Goldstein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And just checking, have the tariffs had any impact on how you're thinking about your supply chain or distribution?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, we are somewhat fortunate in the tariff world, if anybody is and that we've historically had a supply chain strategy which is make where we sell. It was originally born because of mitigating FX. We didn't want foreign exchange to become a strategic issue, right, it's a translation issue. But if you only made in the U.S. and the dollar got strong, you're suddenly not as competitive from a price standpoint, hence our strategy to go make in markets or in the currencies we sell in. As a consequence, we don't have big exposure. In China, for instance, like 92% of what we sell in China is made in China. So, we don't have significant imports into the market that are going to be affected by tariffs. The bigger impact for us will be British exit and that one it depends. So, we're assuming that it's a hard exit and that we have to fall with the WTO rates and that's the way that we are managing and looking at it. Anything better than that we'll mitigate, but I think even there, we don't plan to have this as a big talking point in our quarterly calls.
Scott Goldstein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Got it. Thank you for the detail.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Hamzah Mazari with Macquarie Group. Please proceed with your questions.
Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Good afternoon. Thank you. The first question is just on the paper business; it had a nice ramp. If you could just touch on the sustainability of that growth, is it largely just a cyclical rebound or anything you're doing differently in that marketplace?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, big piece of the ramp was price. That's a business that has a lot of price-plus contracts. You're starting to see price tick up; where we don't have those contracts, our team has been aggressive recouping raw material increases that have occurred over the last couple of years. The other half of the sales is volume, so that's a tick up as well. And that's really been driven by new business and new innovation that's been introduced there that's helped drive successful new volume at both existing and new customers. So, the team's on the price equation; they know they've got to go back and rebuild margin, so that we can continue to invest in new technologies. It benefits everybody in the industry and that's exactly what they're doing right now.
Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. And just a follow-up question on international, are there any sort of structural reasons why the mix of international shouldn't look like the U.S. longer term whether it's more Institutional, more QSR, just any big picture thoughts on that? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, I don't know if it will on average. You have  the U.S. has got an outsized food service market given its population and compared to, if you will, other markets like dollars spent per head. With that said, I think Institutional is undersized and has low share versus our potential in our non-U.S. markets. So, it has certainly significant upside from where it is today, but it likely won't be the same percentage of the total enterprise as it is in the U.S. on the balance of the world.
Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mike Harrison with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your questions.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Hi. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the margin performance in the Energy business. There was just a tiny bit of sequential decline, despite some improvement in the top-line. Can you talk a little bit about some of the puts and takes in the margin performance in Energy and also provide some thoughts on the cadence of margin over the next few quarters?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes, I mean the blip would have almost certainly been just propylene. They have fairly sizable exposure to propylene. And so, as it moves up and down, you'll see the 10 basis point, 20 basis point kind of blips in their margin. I mean the real Energy story needs to be continued pricing, recouping raw material input cost inflation. It didn't occur just this year, but also in prior years. The team is on it; they're doing it. They're doing a much better job driving enhanced mix, et cetera, and driving new innovation and customers. All these things will help drive and rebuild margins, which we still believe will be in the middle teens.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: All right. And then was wondering going back to the paper conversation, can you comment on how the Georgia-Pacific acquisition has been progressing relative to your expectations? And are you seeing benefits in the paper segments related to some industry consolidation that's happened over the past year as well as the past several years?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes. Well, the acquisition you referenced is off to a great start. So, it's above on virtually every one of our targets. In case the team's listening, this is the year one and we often do this year one, and we plan to own it for 40 years. So we got to continue the performance. But it's been off to a good start. And in terms of consolidation, I would say generally, the period of consolidation can be unsettling, but typically consolidation in industries benefits us. We prefer consolidating customer sets and fragmented competitive sets. It's almost one of the preconditions for us to thrive. And so long-term we would view that as a positive.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli of Gabelli. Please proceed with your question.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Well, most of my questions have been answered. Doug could you talk about the environment for M&A what are you looking at? I mean, the valuation seems to have come down for a lot of potential properties.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. I would expect Rosemarie that we will have a couple more deals done before year-end. And I'd say the environment generally I would agree these seems to be getting a little better. We're going to remain committed to doing smart deals. And this means it's going to be a bit seasonal. Not like spring, winter, fall. There may be  there are some years where we're going to be more successful than others, because we really don't want to force it by paying too much. And we think we're in a position where we can do this. So that's the way we view it. With that said, yeah, I would expect that we'll have a few near term. And if we look at sort of what we're looking at, who we're talking to, I would say, the list is getting better and stronger.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Any particular size that you are targeting in specifically?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: I mean, look I think the only size limit or parameter we have is doing too little of a deal can be a real waste of time and money because it almost takes the same amount of effort, if you will, to buy a $5 million company as a $50 million or a $500 million. So we try not to do really tiny deals. Other than that we don't really have a size, preference-to-preference really is around, does it makes sense strategically, can we get a return on it, are we their rightful owner. I mean those are kind of the big things that we look at. In financial terms, it's a return. We're investing shareholder money. We've got to be able to look at shareholders and say, you're going to be really happy with this return. It's the best way we can invest the money.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: All right. Thanks. That is helpful. And if you could update us on your technology and digital investments?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. We've not blinked there at all. In fact, we're investing more this year than last year. I think we're starting to get at a point where it's not going to call for dramatically more money in the near term. We've got to really do a great job with the money we're already investing. But we've had  look we're out in the marketplace with some very large customers. We're learning, developing. As I've said repeatedly, I think the digital world is great for us. We are advantaged. We have 3 million customer sites, all of which, or virtually all of which are collecting data today, a fraction of which are connected to the cloud, but technically that's not that complicated that cost to do it. It's dropping. We have unique knowhow, unique streams of information and are the only people able to act upon what we've learned through the digital world. So once we find out there are problems in units, we can actually get in there and help our customers fix them. I think that whole combination is a great advantage for us long-term and we're working very hard to make sure we don't squander this advantage.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Mr. Monahan, there are no further questions. At this time, I would like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: Thank you. That wraps up our third quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated discussion slides will be available for replay on our website. Thank you for your time and participation. Our best wishes for the rest of the day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-31 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc. Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc. Daniel J. Schmechel - Ecolab, Inc.
Analysts: John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch John P. McNulty - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Tim M. Mulrooney - William Blair & Co. LLC Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc. Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC Scott Goldstein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker) Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Ecolab second quarter 2018 earnings release conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mike Monahan. Thank you, Mr. Monahan, you may now begin.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's second quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO; and Dan Schmechel, our CFO. A discussion of our results along with our earnings release and the slides referencing the quarter's results and our outlook are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements on these materials stating that this teleconference, the discussion, and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described under Item 1A, Risk Factors, of our most recent Form 10-K and in our other posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with a brief review of the results, Ecolab's growth momentum continued in the second quarter. New business gains, pricing, and product innovation drove strong second quarter acquisition-adjusted fixed currency sales increases in all of our business segments. That solid top line growth, along with cost efficiency and a reduced tax rate, yielded the second quarter's 13% adjusted earnings per share increase. Moving to some highlights from the quarter and as discussed in our press release, second quarter 2018 adjusted diluted earnings per share increased 13% to $1.27. Consolidated sales rose 7%. Acquisition-adjusted fixed currency sales increased 5%, with good growth in all business segments. Regionally, sales growth was led by North America. Adjusted fixed currency operating margins decreased 20 basis points as price, volume, and efficiency increases were more than offset by rising delivered product costs in the quarter. Adjusted fixed currency operating income rose 3%. The operating income gain along with lower tax rate yielded the 13% increase in second quarter 2018 adjusted diluted earnings per share. We continue to work aggressively to drive growth, winning new business through our innovative new products and sales and service expertise, as well as driving pricing and cost efficiencies to grow our top and bottom lines at improved rates. We also see continued good underlying sales volume and improving pricing across our business segments, and look for that to more than offset continued delivered product cost headwinds and yield stronger income growth. We continue to expect 2018 adjusted diluted earnings per share to rise 13% to 18% to the $5.30 to $5.50 range, with second half earnings per share growth outpacing the first half, as volume and price gains increasingly offset the expected impact of higher delivered product costs and business investments. We expect strong third quarter fixed currency acquisition-adjusted sales growth, with adjusted diluted earnings per share in the $1.49 to $1.57 range, up 8% to 14%. The efficiency initiative we have begun will leverage our recent technology and systems investments. We expect these actions to make Ecolab better, faster, and more profitable as we simplify our structures, improve future sales growth, and increase operating efficiency while delivering better customer outcomes. In summary, we expect further strong momentum in our business over the balance of the year to deliver our forecasted 13% to 18% adjusted diluted earnings per share growth this year, while at the same time we are making the right investments and taking the right actions to develop superior growth for the future. And now here's Doug Baker with some comments.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Thank you, Mike. Hello. A couple comments on our second quarter, we feel good about our business. Our position is strong both near term and long term. If you look on a macro basis, our clean water, safe food, abundant energy, and healthy environment positioning is as relevant as ever. While the news of the day in various positions seem to change frequently, the fundamental trends that we are betting on are constant. Population is growing globally. It's aging in developed markets. The middle class is growing, particularly in Asia. A bigger middle class increases disproportionately demand for food as their diets shift and for energy as their expectations shift. Food and energy are the two largest users of water, and water is already scarce. The aging population also drives travel and consumer healthcare spend. So in total, we see solid demand for our food safety, energy, water, and healthcare businesses now and over the mid and long term, and this is reflected in our results. We are executing well. We are seeing accelerating growth in all of our large businesses. Industrial has moved from 3% in 2017 to 5% organic first half and expect 6% organic in the second half. Institutional moved from 3% organic in 2017 to 4% organic in the first half, and we expect 5%-plus in the second half; Energy from 5% organic in 2017 to upper single digits this year; and other, led by pest, from 7% organic in 2017 to 8% in 2018. In total, we expect to move from 4% organic sales growth in 2017 to 6% organic in 2018. This is certainly above market growth and reflects share gains, as evidenced by our net new corporate accounts business, which was up 22% in the first half of this year versus last year's first half. Now not only are we building top line momentum, we're building margin momentum too in spite of inflation. So it's no news that we're in an inflationary environment, with raw materials and transportation increasing by $0.45 for the year. This is plus $0.17 since our last call on May 1. The dollar has also strengthened since that last call by $0.08, giving us a $0.25 challenge since May Day. The good news is we have overcome this primarily through increased pricing and volume. In fact, margin recovery is already evident, with Q2 gross margins in line with a year ago, where Q1 was significantly off a year ago. So given our strong and consistent volume and pricing trends coupled with good management of SG&A, we feel confident we will deliver within our $5.30 to $5.50 range. Let me take, though, a moment to address our second half, which looks a little lumpier than it actually is, with implied adjusted EPS growth of plus 20% in Q4 compared to low double digits in Q3. Mike already alluded to this. The story is one of continued strong volume plus accelerating pricing and cost savings catching up and overtaking the forecasted second half step up in raw material cost. This takes some time. Our volume forecast over the second half reflects current trends while the cost savings forecasted in the second half are in hand, and we've already secured 75% of the incremental pricing needed as well. All of this leads to our confidence in the forecast. Finally, we also formally announced the efficiency program we referred to in our last call. This will generate $200 million in run rate savings by 2021. The program leverages our $600 million investment that we've made the last five years in technology. We are driving efficiency in G&A by leveraging our Workday and SAP platforms, by consolidating systems, by consolidating back offices, and by consolidating third-party vendors. New field technology, which is tied to new customer digital programs like SMARTPOWER, 3D CIP and 3D TRASAR, new QSR and FRS digital safety platforms, and the like allow us to continue to improve field efficiency and customer service and capability. So all told, this will be additional fuel to drive continued mid-teens EPS growth beyond 2018. So with that, I'll turn it back to Mike, who will open it up for questions.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: Thanks, Doug. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, please begin the question-and-answer period.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of John Roberts with UBS. Please proceed with your questions.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. I think you started to see a pickup in the full-service restaurant part of your Institutional business. Are you seeing investments by the customers that might confirm that and reinforce it will be longer-term rather than a temporary uptick here?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: I would say the full-service restaurant segment has got two things. Sales have been consistently growing in almost all segments. What's been weak in the past and continues to be modestly weak is foot traffic. With that said, I would say we don't consider that segment impaired or horribly unhealthy, meaning it's strong enough for us to continue to drive share growth and drive sales growth. I think what we've seen is that we've started to gain more traction. We talked how we had to delay last year a large platform introduction, SMARTPOWER. We launched it late, late last year, and it's doing what we expected to and starting to lead to more share gains, which is why you're seeing really a recovery in Institutional first half of this year versus 2017.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: And then could you characterize the M&A pipeline that's there? I think we've had some big transactions that you weren't involved with. I don't know if there are a number of things that you are thinking about right now.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: We never go into specifics for obvious reasons. I would say we still have a healthy list of targets that we're looking at. We're going to remain careful, I would say, or smart with shareholder money. I think we've proven to be in the past. We'll continue to be going forward. With that said, we've closed a number of deals this year and would expect to close several more before year end.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Sure. So I just wanted to check. Based on your revised expectations around raw material prices, would pricing be catching up to raw material costs on a dollar basis in the fourth quarter? Did I hear that right? And what would you expect in terms of pricing into 2019?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. Well, we're going to continue to accelerate pricing through this year. We've seen solid acceleration in each of the last six quarters in total and really across the board by business, and we're going to continue to need to accelerate pricing through the balance of the year. That's going to leave us with a lot of carry-in into 2019, just simply by the math. You don't capture it all specifically on the last day of the year, and these agreements extend typically several years out. So we would expect to see pricing continue to grow. I think you would see pricing up in 2019 under almost any scenario as we look. You'll see gross margins, they're already flat year on year. They're going to remain around that range for the balance of the year. You'll see OI margins expand, particularly in the fourth quarter.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And just a very quick follow-on, how disruptive would a new deal Brexit be to Ecolab's UK business, including perhaps some follow-on effects to your clients there?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well I think the direct effects to us would not be monstrous. We've already  that's how we calc'd it. It basically resorts to WTO duties. We've looked at that. We've already taken some steps to mitigate that potential; i.e., moves that would be good under almost any scenario. With that said, I don't think it's going to be a big conversation piece for us if that's where it ends up. But the economic impact is probably the impact that everybody will feel.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
John P. McNulty - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yeah. Thanks for taking my question. With regard to the $200 million cost-cutting opportunity, I guess can you help us to think about the major buckets that you see those cost savings and efficiencies coming through and how we should be thinking about them phasing-in in 2019 and 2020? Is it relatively even or straight-line through, or is it lumpier than that?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. I would say that the trajectory over the time period is fairly straight-lined. It's going to be close enough if you do a third, a third, a third. I would say in terms of buckets, it's going to be a little bit more on the G&A side, but it's going to be both on the G&A and the S side. These things come from initiatives around Workday, which has allowed us to take 176 payroll systems down to one. We had 52 onboarding systems for people and exit systems for people. We've taken those down to one around the globe. This certainly is a lot simpler and a lot more cost-effective. If you look at SAP, we're already rolling out looking at both tank monitoring upgrades, which is going to lead to route efficiency. Often, these are our carriers  our contracted carriers, our own people dropping off tank loads of product, putting it into the plant tank. If we know exactly where they stand in all these tanks, you can route differently. You don't have any outages and it's a heck of a lot safer. Logistics, we already now because of what we've done with SAP in the United States, where we have roughly a third of our production up, we already have better visibility and understand that 12% of what we thought were full trucks aren't actually full. And the best way to reduce shipping costs is to reduce the number of trucks it takes to ship the same amount of volume. So we're all over this stuff. We have better cost visibility; i.e., you can start driving and understanding where it makes sense to maybe go direct and where it makes sense to partner with distributors in a more collaborative way. We'll have a number of other opportunities. Field technology, we're moving to online ordering. We're creating a portal so our customers can do online ordering today. Frequently, they phone us or even still fax us. And let me just say, fax machines aren't the most efficient way to take an order, as you can imagine. So there's just a whole host of things that are going on, and these tools are being deployed now. And so you'll see it, both on the S side, but disproportionally on the G&A side early. We always drive S efficiency. We'll continue to do that, and these new platforms will enable us to do that for a longer period of time.
John P. McNulty - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great, thanks very much for the color.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tim Mulrooney with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Tim M. Mulrooney - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yeah, good afternoon. You guys typically get 50 to 60 basis points in operating margin expansion on higher volumes and net of pricing. And I'm calculating a 30 to 40 basis point expansion over the next three years from the restructuring plan. So adding that together, thinking about over the next several years, I'm looking at 90 to 100 basis points in operating margin expansion over the next three years, I guess. Is that how you guys are thinking about this?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. It's designed to be additive. So by and large, that's the math that we would get to too.
Tim M. Mulrooney - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay, great. And then looking at your free cash flow for the quarter, I guess it was lower than expected. Was there a large working capital adjustment in the second quarter?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: I'll let Dan have this one.
Daniel J. Schmechel - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks. It was, well, not an adjustment, let's be clear. The second quarter followed what I would say is a very strong first quarter cash flow performance. But yes, it was  taking the first half in total, it was below last year, which is not a typical outcome for us. And you put your finger on it. So on a year-to-date basis, operating cash flow behind last year is something like $75 million, essentially all of that was in working capital. I would break it down for you maybe into a few drivers. Of course, good news increased pricing and increases, also the uncollected receivables balance. So that's a chunk of it. There's also some payment timing, I would say in North America, which we watched it carefully at the end of June and saw accelerated payments in July. So the net of it, I would say growth of Energy likewise, which has higher days or cash invested is good news, but it has an impact on working capital. So the net of it is I think there's some timing impact that will reverse in increased pricing. We'll have some impact for the full year as will strong Energy performance. But look, the net of it is I feel very good about our cash flow performance for the full year and expect that we'll be delivering very good cash conversion from our reported net income.
Tim M. Mulrooney - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Dan, just even with higher working capital, is it safe to assume free cash flow grows faster than EBITDA in 2018 given the benefit from tax reform?
Daniel J. Schmechel - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes, I would think that that would be right, okay?
Tim M. Mulrooney - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Hamzah Mazari with Macquarie Group. Please proceed with your questions.
Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Good afternoon. I was just curious if you could share any color around customer churn. It feels like it's run slightly below 10% for a bit. Any room to improve that, or does it structurally just  is that maxed out for you?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: The customer churn numbers or retention on the positive side is really different by business. I would say in a number of the businesses, we are at historic low levels, which is good. It's a strong economy. This is what we look for as we go through these periods. I don't think that's where you're going to see dramatic improvement because we're typically best-in-class in most of the businesses we compete in. Where we look for improvement, if you will, from a sales driver standpoint is, one, just more new business. We talked about how we had a lot of success in the first half this year capturing a number of large pieces of business. It was up 20% or over 20% versus same period year ago. That's a great number for us. It's our best leading indicator of sales acceleration in the past and we believe still is. That's where we're going to focus our effort in terms of improving the top line.
Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. And just a follow-up question, on Institutional, anything relative to your expectations you're seeing in the European business? I guess it was flat. I know it's more competitive and your scale isn't as big versus domestically, but just curious as to how you're thinking about that segment.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. Institutional overall, the underlying sales growth in the first quarter we cited as 4%, even though the printed number was larger and said we would expect maybe the printed number to be lower in the second quarter as distributor inventories balanced. We had some distributor inventory build in Q1. Our underlying growth again was 4%, a little north of 4% in Q2. And we continue to expect that we're going to expand that to 5% in the second half and as an exit rate in 2018. So the business is I would say globally improving, accelerating at about exactly the pace that we thought it would. We would have loved to have it go faster, but that's exactly what we thought we would see. In terms of Europe, we thought Europe was going to be soft in the first half. We believe it's going to be a little stronger in the second half, still do. With that said, it's probably the toughest business environment that we compete in, in the Institutional business globally. With that said, we should be able to overcome it with better execution, which is exactly what we're focused on. So we don't believe it's a 1% growth business forever. But right now, the business is not performing to our expectation. It's low, it will be low single digits for the year.
Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you, good afternoon. My first question is just on Healthcare performance. I guess it sounds like Europe was the weak area. I was just wondering. I know you said there's obviously continued challenges in that business overall, but just some more color there in terms of maybe if you have the right portfolio mix, if you need more changes to make there.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: I would say Healthcare, clearly of all  I would say all of our businesses are outperforming the market, the exception being Healthcare. With that said, the market is a little dicier in Europe than it is in North America. North America has some challenges. But in Europe, France in particular, they went through some changes in healthcare. I think we've adjusted well. We're going to have a slow first half and expect to have an accelerating back half. I think there are a lot of reasons to believe we'll have an uptick in reacceleration starting in the third quarter and moving throughout the year. In North America, I would say it's as much execution on us as anything. We have improved significantly our program efforts, things that we put around room cleaning, hand care vectors, operating theaters, central sterile, and the like. Cumulative they're growing by double digits, so they're doing well. It's the non-program sales which are softer than expected, and we're simply going to have to do a better job managing both. I don't know what else to say. The team is on it. We expect to have a better second half. It's not going to be what I would call robust, but it will be improved.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, got it. And then just tied to your efficiency plans, I guess when you think about your 20% margin target, are there other opportunities that would be additive, like you said, to just the operating leverage you have in the business that you feel like you can touch on in the coming years?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes, I think we're moving into a period  we've been in a recent period of fairly significant investment in our business, even while we were going through FX headwinds and oil market headwinds. We did not blink on what we thought were critical investments for the business, and these are backbone technologies like one HR system and what we call Catalyst, which is SAP North America. But most importantly are also digital expenditures to improve our ability to serve customers. All of this is paying off, and we've had significant investment there. And so I think what you're now going to see is probably increased focus on harvesting these investments as we go forward, the natural order of things. And so we do expect that we're entering a period where you're going to see more expansion in terms of SG&A margins, for the simple reason that we're done upping investments. We may stay at this level for a while, but we don't have to increase investments year after year after year. And you're going to start seeing the fruits from the investments already made.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: Good afternoon. I guess two quick ones. One is can you characterize the trends in the Life Sciences business, very strong growth there? But also just following on the last point you made, if you look out say four or five years, do you see a bridge as your productivity  as you flex the productivity and your pricing catches up to raws to get 200  250 basis points of margin expansion, or is that more challenging?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: On Life Sciences, yes, Life Sciences is a business we created a couple years ago ,and we took a hunk of it out of the Healthcare business and also a little bit out of the F&B business to create this. We wanted more focus on Healthcare, probably isn't perfect for the optics, but it's the right thing to do for the business. And Life Sciences is doing exactly what we hoped it would do. It's going to grow by probably mid-teens this year in terms of top line as a percent growth. The bottom line follows. It's a very attractive margin business, as you would expect. Our technologies are highly valued in the pharmacos and cosmetic industries. We make a big difference there. Why we haven't been after this for the last 30 years, I have no great answer to, but we're on it now. And the team is doing a very good job. This is an industry that's characterized by large multinationals. They're looking for consistent service around the globe in all their areas. They need cleaning-in-place technology. They need water reduction technologies. All the stuff that we do is what they need. And so it's a perfect match for us, and so we're going to go after it. In terms of how much margin improvement we see, I guess we've talked. We're here for the year at 14%, just under 15% margins, and we've talked that we believe 20% is real. I still believe it is very real. And we're now starting to lay out, because we can go harvest the investments that we've made, they're going to start adding fuel to margin accretion. We'll catch up on this pricing raw math. We always do. We will here again, and you'll start seeing more significant margin accretion over the next few years. So I don't believe we're anywhere near running out of margin room.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Doug, you mentioned some market share gains and some business wins. Are these benefits from some of your competitor disruptions this year as they get acquired, or is this normal Ecolab winning at the customer?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Given the history I seem to have with competitors and disruption, it seems more like a constant than anything else. So I don't know if it's because people are disrupted or not. We tend to gain share and have obviously over a number of years because we outpace our major competitors in terms of top line growth and have for a long time. And we hold ourselves to a high bar, and we want to continue to do that. So we're gaining share in all of our major businesses across the board. The teams are doing a very good job. They're leveraging innovation that they've invested in and rolled out. We feel like we are  we really had a very strong first half. We had a very good quarter. Sometimes you have a dip after that because you just get a collection of new wins that happen. They all just say yes at the same time, but we followed it up with another very strong quarter in the second. So we're doing well in that area.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And just on that second half volume acceleration that you're pointing to, Doug, I guess in Institutional, is there one or two drivers of that, or is it a multitude drivers for the acceleration you're talking to?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Are you talking Institutional specifically or broadly?
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I'm really broadly speaking here.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: I would say if you  our forecast for the second half, really the sales volume trend and the pricing trends are very straight-line, consistent with the trends that we see right now. There's no bend to them. And so we have fairly good visibility, and I would say the very solid new business experience we just had in the first half makes us quite confident that we're going to continue to see acceleration through the second half and even into early next year. And that's typically the type of visibility that metric gives us. The pricing, same thing, we're not looking for all of a sudden going from 2% to 4% in a quarter. It's very consistent with the type of acceleration that we've seen over the last six quarters we expect to continue in the next couple. And as I mentioned in my preamble, we have visibility and have already secured 75% of the pricing that we need this year, which would be a little ahead of our normal trend in terms of timing of securing during  as we're looking to this. So those are not unique. And obviously, cost savings are the easiest thing to codify and to understand simply because they're all under your control. So none of those trends are what I would say unique. They're very straight-line as we go through. That's what's going to drive the acceleration. What it's offsetting is really a step function change in raw material costs third quarter to second, which basically stays roughly at that level through the balance of the year. It does not accelerate all through the year. And this is  we're using outside indices. They actually call for a let-up in the fourth quarter versus the third. We have a very modest one, but it's really only $0.01 or $0.02. It's not a big deal. If it doesn't happen, it doesn't happen. We'll manage it. But those are the fundamental factors that drive our forecast. So when you look through it, there's not a hockey stick in this thing. But it does mean that we've got to continue to accelerate as we've been on volume, continue to do what we've been doing on pricing, and deliver the cost savings. But those are all things that we're good at.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Very good, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks and good afternoon, guys. I just wanted to ask in the Energy segment, in the quarter you had very nice margin expansion year over year. And as I recall from the call three months ago, you didn't really expect that to happen till the second half of the year. So what made it happen earlier?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: I'd say a couple things. One, we did  I think OI was up 28% I think in the second quarter for our Energy segment. There were some beneficial one-timers in there. With that said, it would still have been 15% if you control for those, which still obviously indicates good margin recovery. Look, we're getting pricing. We've had very solid volume. The team is doing a good job. We're emphasizing profit recovery. We're being very disciplined on RFPs. We aren't going to chase really low-margin deals or deals that could turn cash negative if you're not careful. We don't want to play that game and we're not. And they're all over pricing, rolling out new technology, and recovering the profit that we know that business can deliver. And so I think you see that work coming through. The Energy business base is a little lumpy, and so we're going to see changes throughout the year. But our expectation remains now what it was when we entered the year, which is high single-digit sales and low double-digit OI, so the beginning of margin recovery. We think going out a few years, we're going to continue to see high single-digit sales, but better profit recovery in the out years as pricing overtakes raws, if you will.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And just as a follow-up, I think this was a big quarter for the ERP implementation. It doesn't sound like there have been any hiccups or anything like that. But separately from that, within the  are there any plans to install any of the pricing modules, other things like that with ERP that might be down the road or any opportunities there at all?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes, there's a whole commercial piece that you put on this system. A lot of it is our own because we've been running SAP in a number of parts of the world and have configured a lot of this work. We rolled out Canada first because it's going to run exactly the North American design, if you will, and it's been running now for a little over a year. But yeah, those will be follow-on implementations on this system. But we've done it many times. I would say  I can't say that you never have hiccups as you roll out SAP. SAP is always difficult to do. We've just done it a number of times. And as I say, none of these events and we've managed through a bunch, our team has done an excellent job. And I would say the big risk is more behind us than in front of us, but there's never zero risk with an SAP implementation.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Chris Parkinson with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your questions.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, guys. You hit on this a little, but just given the composition of just your outlook for global energy market growth over the next few years, can you just walk us through some top level outlooks for your three sub-segments, your comfort with the existing cost base, and just any quick thoughts on your ultimate ability to reach prior peak margins? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Look, we had a mid-teens margin in the Energy sector as a total, and I'm quite confident we'll reach that again. I don't believe that's the ceiling for that business. If you want to go by segment, WellChem continues to re-expand fairly quickly. It falls fast and recovers quickly, and it's doing exactly what we would expect it to do. It grew around 40% in the first half and will slow a little bit just because it's starting to go against a bigger base. But for the year, it's going to be north of 30%. And you're seeing significant OI recovery in that business as well as they, one, feed off higher sales and also have margin expansion because they're getting price and driving new technology doing exactly what they need to do to recover. Downstream is the steadiest business. Downstream also has pretty solid top line growth. Mid to upper single digits this year is our expectation. We're seeing margin recovery there as well, as they're starting to recapture price that they gave up through the downturn. That business, though, is what I would call acts much more like a traditional Ecolab or Nalco Water business in its characteristics. And so you're seeing that play out through all parts of the cycle. And then OFC, OFC is always a little bit of a laggard versus WellChem in terms of recovery, but you're starting to see recovery now. We'll have very modest margin recovery this year. Sales are going to be mid-single digits this year. We expect that business to accelerate next year, and it's really a tale of two cities. The U.S. is closer to double-digit growth where you've got strong unconventional recovery. And international lagged, it lagged falling in and it's lagged coming out. None of this is unexpected. Next year, we would expect to have both North America and international be positive contributors.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great, and just a quick follow-up. Can you just give us a little more color on the new selling initiatives within Healthcare and how you're ultimately progressing? I understand it's the early innings, but just any color on how to think about these and the effect on growth and margin in 2019 versus 2018 would be helpful. Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: As I mentioned earlier, our program efforts around room hygiene and central sterile and operating turnover, et cetera are doing quite well. They're growing double digit year on year. We continue to have success. We have a good pipeline. The team's on that. We like the margins. We like the trade with the customer. Obviously, the customer likes it too. In terms of  we have a host of products. Many of them are even included there, but they're also sold in non-program formats, sometimes through GPOs or through other distribution arrangements. And there we just had weaker sales than we expected. And we need to up our focus on that area as well because you can't just  you don't want to just sit there and fill the hole with great work on the program side. We need more stability on the other side, which we're quite confident we can obtain. So I don't know what to tell you. We expect to move off the floor, which is where we're right now. The team has done a good job I think rethinking their plan for the balance of the year, and we expect to see accelerating growth in the third and fourth quarter this year leading into 2019, which we believe will be a stronger year.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Andrew Wittmann with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your questions.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great, thanks for taking my question, guys. I was just hoping to get a little bit more context on some of the volume trends that you've seen in the business. I know we're going to get detail on this in the 10-Q. But for the discussion today, volumes did decline sequentially. Obviously, the Institutional thing we've talked about a couple of times already, but I don't know if that's enough to explain the full 2 percentage points decline in rates. So I was hoping you could just maybe, Doug, go through the segments a little bit and talk about where the other reasons for the sequential decline was at. I think one that might stick out to me would be potentially that the comparison in Energy. But is there anything else there that explains and helps us get context for the volume decline sequentially  volume rate decline, not decline?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes, it's really two things. It is Institutional in Q1, where you had a distributor upping inventories and in Q2 distributors taking down inventory. The, if you will, consumption of Institutional products was very consistent and improved versus 2017. It was more around the 4%, so you have that. The second factor was we had I would call unusually large Q1 Energy volumes, which we talked about in Q1, and some of it came out of Q2. So Q1 was a little hotter than it indicated in terms of actual consumption, and Q2 was a little lower than actual consumption would indicate. That stuff stabilizes, and what we expect to see is volume growth and recovery, acceleration in the second half much more on a straight-line basis because we know what's going on underneath, if you will, the reported volume numbers in terms of inventory impacts and one-time, where stuff fell in Energy. We have shipments at the end of the quarter at times that fall on one side of the day or the other. And we know they're really designed for the next quarter consumption.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: That's really helpful. Thank you, that's all I had.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research. Please proceed with your question.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Good afternoon, thanks for taking my question. You guys paid down about $200 million of debt between the first and second quarter. I'm just wondering if there is a goal for end-of-year debt level. Or how should we think about that versus share repurchases given that your share count did go up? So obviously you didn't repurchase as much shares as you did previously. So in terms of capital deployment absent M&A, how should we think about between debt paydown and share repurchases?
Daniel J. Schmechel - Ecolab, Inc.: Hi, Dmitry. This is Dan. So yes, you're right. We did not repurchase shares in the second quarter. However, let me just say we got off to a pretty good start in the first quarter. So we did about $200 million I think in the first quarter. I would think about share repurchase for the full year sitting here today to be in line with what we did last year, which is about $550 million, as always and as we talked about consistently, and certainly there's no change in our thinking about capital deployment. So from a free cash flow perspective, we will continue to pay the dividend. Of course, we will make investments in the business. We will pursue accretive M&A. And I would really think of share repurchase as being the balancing act in the deployment of free cash flow. So no change in our thinking, and if you look across the full year, I think it will be very much in line with last year and expectations.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: If I can paraphrase you, it looks like you're going to be spending $550 million in share repurchases this year or somewhere in that neighborhood. My model tells me you're going to generate a little bit north of $1 billion in free cash, more like $1.2 billion. So absent M&A, if I assign that difference to debt paydown, I won't be terribly off?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: I would think that you would not be terribly off. So we've targeted A-range metrics in terms of how we think about the capital structure. I've asked for an allowance, we say it's about two times net debt to adjusted EBITDA number. We run a little bit north of that. We should be in line Q2-Q3, by the end of the year. And I'll accept your free cash flow number. I think we can beat it by a little bit, but you're thinking about it the right way. Okay?
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel. Please proceed with your questions.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, thank you. Most of my questions have been answered. I was hoping to just, Dan, maybe pin you down a little bit more in terms of the free cash flow expectation for 2018. You touched on that a little bit, but do you have a more specific goal? Should we think $1.4 billion? If you can, just give us a little guidance on that for my follow-up.
Daniel J. Schmechel - Ecolab, Inc.: So I said I would accept the $1.2 billion number and think we can beat it by a little bit. I think that $1.4 billion is pretty good estimate of where we would expect to land the full year, okay?
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, that's good. Thanks.
Daniel J. Schmechel - Ecolab, Inc.: Give me a little leeway, but yes.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Doug, I just wanted to ask. What do you see? It seems from your comments that you think you're shaping up to have pretty good organic growth year in the context of the last say four or five, and then 2019 to be able to build on that. What are some of the components that would in your mind have to work right in order to make 2019 be better than 2018? Or I guess another way, is what are you most concerned about in terms of not being able to achieve a better organic growth rate next year than this year?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: I think the fundamental drivers of our growth don't change year to year. And so we need to continue to take share, make sure that we're doing the right thing with customers, and deploy technology, which we're in the midst of, which also enables us to grow our business with our existing customers. And so the investments we've made on digital technology have already grown borne fruit. I would say that we're probably ahead of where I thought we would be at this time. If you went back a year, we've had two big wins in digital with big large customers of ours. We're in the midst of rolling it out. I think these are going to lead to a host of new follow-on opportunities for us simply because it's going to give us all more visibility in how can we continue to improve operations, how can we continue to improve food safety, carbon reduction, water reduction, et cetera. And all of this is exactly how we drive our business, how do we help our customers operate better. So I think it's all in that camp. I don't sit here right now seeing a lot of metrics that make me worried about our organic growth rate next year. Now almost anything is possible in this world, as we're all learning. And my expectation is that we're not going to all play tariff roulette to a point of huge destruction. I just don't think that's how it's going to play out, but I don't know. We aren't directly in the bull's eye of tariff problems; i.e., it's not going to lead to big cost increases specifically for us, because of our strategy of making our products where we sell are in the same currency. But it could have an impact on the global economy, which obviously has an impact on us as well. Barring that, I think we're going to be in good shape moving into the year with very strong momentum on the top line and very strong momentum on the bottom line, as pricing starts overtaking raws clearly in the fourth quarter and strong momentum leading into 2019 for margin recovery.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much. I have two questions. The first is your intention is to knock out $200 million in costs in SG&A, and your SG&A base is about $4 billion, so that's about 5%. And you want to do it over three years, so that's 1.5% per year. So does that mean that instead as a base case of your SG&A growing 5% per year, it will grow 3.5% per year? Is that generally the right way to think about it?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: It's a curve bend. Yes, you have inflation, which is a natural part of this. Often, I think these discussions become almost binary, where if you have $4 billion and take $200 million out by 2021, somebody wants to model $3.8 billion, which just isn't realistic. We expect to continue to grow this business from a top line simultaneous to this. But I would say if you modeled our traditional margin accretion that comes from volume, you're going to have additional margin accretion on top of that, which is going to come from pricing, raw favorability; i.e., that formula goes. And the third component will also be getting more efficient at the same time, which is represented by this efficiency program.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And in your discussion during the call, I think you referred to some one-time items in the Energy business. Can you describe and quantify what those were?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: There are some one-time large sales of specific products that are even close to commodities in some cases. They have big volume. We sell them. There's very little SG&A associated with it. And so it's just not business we count on routinely, but we captured a very large couple of orders in the second quarter. So we back that out on run rate looking at it, just because that's how we get from 28% to 15%. We'll take if it we find more, don't get me wrong, but we don't think it's  it's not right to indicate that that's our trend.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question is from the line of P.J. Juvekar with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Goldstein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi, good afternoon. This is Scott on for P.J. So I guess I was looking at the business investments you made in the Institutional business. I think you started some growth initiatives that you announced late last year. Is that still ongoing now that you started with this efficiency program?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Oh yes, absolutely, a lot of them were designed for growth. But yes, they will continue.
Scott Goldstein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. And maybe just as a follow-up, can you remind me where you were adding, what cost bucket you were adding to in Institutional? Was it head count, or was it more on the IT side?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: We were adding, one, you've got SMARTPOWER, and the new technology takes enhanced merchandising equipment or dispensing equipment that you put in customers. Two, we had G360 rolling out. And three, we added manpower specifically in the corporate accounting area.
Scott Goldstein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your questions.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks, good afternoon. I was just curious. The industrial acceleration of growth, could we speak, Doug, I guess granularly in each of the subcomponents of what's going to be driving that? I think you've given a good overview of the call. But could we delve in a little bit to the sub-segments in Industrial on how that's going to progress? And I think it was in Shlomo's question you addressed tariffs, but maybe specifically in each of those categories how that could influence one way or the other? Thanks.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Our Industrial business has been doing great. Thank you for asking about it. So I would say a couple things. If you look at our F&B business, it's clearly benefited over the last few years and you're seeing a lot of the culmination of that work right now and its partnership and marriage with Water technology. So the Food & Beverage, food safety program, and the Water are very interlinked. And those together bring outsized value to our customers. And so we've had a lot of success really across the board, and so our F&B business is really performing quite well everywhere. The only exception where it's got any negative  it doesn't have negative pressure, but tough pressure is on the agri side or the dairy side simply because of the kind of pressure in the milk market. So that business, beverage, brewery, protein business, processed food, all of those areas are doing quite well. And I would say that's in the face of a number of customers who are having to close operations, consolidating and everything else. So it's in the face of what I would call a difficult underlying situation for most of the industry. The reason we're succeeding there is because we're bringing great value, world-class food safety I would say probably the best capabilities in that area at significant lower use cost because of the reductions in water and energy that come with the combination of those programs. And that also leads into Water Light. So the Water Light business, which focuses on really all but the heaviest industries, so the Institutional business, the F&B business, even auto manufacturing et cetera, has done I think a great job identifying the best opportunities. They're creating brand new, very exciting programs around legionella prediction and specific programs because people need increased help in that area. They've done a whole host of things. And so that business has really been very steadily in the mid to upper single-digit growth profile and is accelerating as we speak. And then the heavy has been more in the recovery mode. And the heavy business is really set to have a very good year. I think you see two things. One, industry broadly is doing fairly well, so we don't want to skip that part of it. With that said, where we had specific challenges in the heavy business was in China. And while not every place was glowing as a hotspot, China was a bit of a problem. And China is really flipping around now. So we've done a good job I think getting down to the portfolio we need in China. We sold some pieces of the business there that didn't make sense for us to operate, which has allowed us to focus on the pieces that we can operate best. And so you're starting to see real uptick in China, which we think is going to continue from an organic growth standpoint, and it's a big opportunity for us. Water is a big challenge in China. It's part of their five year plan, and our technology helps there. So it's pretty much across the board. Mining is recovering. Paper had a very strong quarter. We expect to have an improved second half versus first half. Again, they're driving new technology, and China recovered in paper as well, which is very important for us for that business given all the high percent of the market that exists there now. So Industrial across the board very strong, really moved from 5% last year to a 6% this year and we expect to even do better in the second half in terms of organic growth in Industrial.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): That's great. Thanks for the comprehensive answer. Just a quick follow-up, it's been about 1.5 years that you've had Anios in the portfolio. It's a really sizable acquisition. Just give us observations at this juncture. Thanks.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: We just had our first year review on Anios, and it was above all of our internal metrics and projected to stay that way. Our next big review is year three. We watch the business every month, but we always do specific look-backs on every acquisition at 90 days, at one year, and at three years. And so the business is performing. The first quarter and part of the second quarter notwithstanding, we were way ahead of sales in the first year in a number of areas. What we're doing in terms of expanding the Anios business globally, particularly in markets where we don't want to build, if you will, a street-up healthcare business, that strategy has worked quite well and the business has been well led, and that's growing at double digits and continues to. I would say we have a lot of untapped opportunity there that Anios can unlock for us. We also have new technologies from Anios that were acquired with Anios that we're now, one, looking to expand to some of the other markets we're in and also considering expansion in the U.S. and starting the registration process. So Anios I think was an excellent acquisition. It's performed very well. We have high bars in terms of what our expectations are for businesses that we acquire, and it met or exceeded all of those in its first year.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Mike Harrison with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your questions.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Hi, good afternoon. I was wondering if you could give some detail on the $200 million restructuring program in terms of the savings by segment. Is it going to be pretty evenly divided across the three major segments, or will it have an outsized impact on one or the other?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Mike, here's what I would say. It's too early to go into that much detail. We have very specific, but we're going to have to go make a few calls in terms of which projects we do first. So it's certainly not going to be falling evenly across all three every quarter simply because that's not how the projects work. With that said, I think by year end we'll be able to give you more insight as to what we expect when across the segments.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: All right, and then a question on the margin improvement that you saw in the Energy business. You talked about the positive mix that you saw of products there. Are you introducing new products, or are you taking actions to shift customers toward higher margin products? I'm just trying to understand what exactly is going on there and how sustainable those mix changes could be.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, well, we're doing both. One, we held back a number of our new technologies during the downturn because we knew we could never price appropriately for them. And if you go out too low of a price, you'll never recover. And so some of those are being introduced now. If you will, you can have a heavy up portfolio in the near term, but there's a lot of mix change going on in that industry. I would also say what you're starting to see is customers turning back on the technologies they turned off like anti-corrosion technologies in a number of the fields. When they were basically trying to conserve every dollar so that they could survive to the next quarter, they're not really worried about corrosion, which may eat a hole in the pipe in three years. So they are worried about it now because they know they've got a much more stable environment. So a lot of these technologies they're turning back on. These are higher-margin technologies for us. And you start seeing, if you will, more sales per site, which obviously is always highly accretive. So it's a number of those factors. I would expect that we will see continued margin recovery over the next few years, which is why I mentioned we would expect to be back in mid-teens by 2020.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli. Please go ahead with your questions.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Thank you, good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for going past the hour. Doug, you emphasized the focus on digital technology. Does that mean that you are no longer increasing by the same 2% to 3% annually the size of your sales force? And linked to that, is the growth we are seeing coming from market growth or by the fact that you have more feet on the ground, or are they becoming less important given the technology issues and other issues that progress?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, well, we have different parts of our sales team. We've been certainly adding even at a faster rate than 2% to 3% to our corporate account team. They are full-time sales professionals who are focusing on the largest opportunities around the world. And so that's been a steadily  we've been investing in that arena steadily for the last few years and a lot faster than 2% to 3%. So that's going to continue to be an important part of our strategy. Field service capability is going to be vital. I would say what we've learned with the digital capability is we are getting enhanced visibility. One of our great attributes and winning propositions is not only can we identify challenges before they become problems, but we can fix them because we've got the field team to get into restaurants, food plants, hospitals, hotels, et cetera, to actually make a change and change what might be an alarming trend or a concerning trend before it turns into a real challenge. And so that capability is going to become, I would say, more important. How that manifests itself down the road, I think two things. I think we are going to be able to continue to increase our team's ability to handle more business. We'll do it by continuing to offload admin work, other work, make setup easy, make ordering easy, even do automatic ordering, do all this work that today takes their time and free up time to solve problems for customers and identify opportunities. That's the job. And how that shows up in terms of head count I think really depends on how successful we are using the increased capacity that we're creating for sales. If it shows up as increased sales, we're going to love adding people at the same rate. If it doesn't, then we'll harvest it as margin.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Okay, that's very helpful. And then I was wondering if you could talk about pest elimination. We have turned the corner. It is now growing in line with expectation organically. Any potential acquisitions, are there opportunities out there and at a reasonable multiple?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: As you might expect, we are very active looking at potential acquisitions all the time. And we're finding a number of them and we're closing on them. They all seem though to be on the smaller to medium size. Part of that is just valuation today. Valuations for a number of these businesses is high. And if they're relatively small, a high valuation doesn't really get in the way of generating return because we have such a large footprint, we could leverage the technology or whatever they do over our large footprint and more than compensate for maybe a high multiple. If it's a large business, that opportunity doesn't exist in the same way. And if you pay a lot of money for a large business, it's often very hard to generate reasonable returns for your shareholders over a period of time, and we're quite cautious about doing anything in that area. And I would say the landscape is rich of M&A opportunities. We don't need to buy anything to make ourselves competitive to grow the business, I even think to hit 15%. So we're going to do it opportunistically and do it when makes a heck of a lot of sense for our shareholder.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: All right, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the floor back to Mr. Monahan for closing remarks.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: Thank you. That wraps up our second quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated discussion slides will be available for replay on our website. Thanks for your time and participation and our best wishes for the rest of the day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-01 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc. Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc. Daniel J. Schmechel - Ecolab, Inc.
Analysts: David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc. John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Chip Moore - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Tim M. Mulrooney - William Blair & Co. LLC Scott Goldstein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Mario Cortellacci - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Christopher Evans - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Ecolab First Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mike Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Thank you, Mr. Monahan. You may now begin.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: Thank you and hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's first quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO; and Dan Schmechel, our CFO. A discussion of our results along with our earnings release and the slides referencing the quarter's results and our outlook are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements on those materials stating that this teleconference, the discussion, and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described under Item 1A, Risk Factors, of our most recent Form 10-K and in our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with a brief overview of the results, Ecolab's strong growth momentum continued in the first quarter. Further new business gains, pricing, and product innovation drove strong acquisition-adjusted fixed currency sales growth in all of our business segments. That solid top line growth along with cost efficiency, lower interest expense, and a reduced tax rate yielded the first quarter's 14% adjusted earnings per share increase. These results were in line with our prior forecast as adjusted for the new accounting standards. For more information on the impact of those standards, see our April 18 Form 8-K. Moving to some highlights from the quarter and as discussed in our press release, first quarter 2018 adjusted diluted earnings per share increased 14% to $0.91. This compared with adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.80 a year ago. Consolidated sales rose 10%. Acquisition-adjusted fixed currency sales increased 6%, with strong growth in all of our business segments. Regionally, sales growth was led by North America and Asia Pacific. Adjusted fixed currency operating margins decreased 60 basis points as pricing volume increases were more than offset by rising delivered product costs. Adjusted fixed currency operating income rose 2%. The operating income gain along with lower interest expense and a lower tax rate yielded a 14% increase in first quarter 2018 earnings per share. Adoption of the new revenue recognition standard had a $0.01 per share favorable impact. We continue to work aggressively to drive growth, winning new business through our innovative new products and sales and service expertise as well as driving pricing and cost efficiencies to grow our top and bottom lines at improved rates. We also see continued good underlying sales volume and improving pricing across our business segments and look for that to more than offset continued delivered product cost headwinds and yield stronger income growth. We raised our 2018 earnings forecast. We now expect adjusted earnings per share to rise 13% to 18% to the $5.30 to $5.50 range, with second half earnings growth outpacing the first half as volume and price gains increasingly offset the expected impact of higher delivered product costs and systems investments that will have a greater impact in the first half. We expect strong second quarter sales growth with lower operating margins as improved sales momentum and accelerated pricing are more than offset by higher delivered product costs and systems investments. Adjusted diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the $1.23 to $1.29 range, up 10% to 15%. In summary, we saw continued strong momentum in our business as we began 2018 and expect further improvement over the balance of the year to deliver 13% to 18% adjusted earnings per share growth. And now here's Doug Baker with some comments.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Thanks, Mike. So our first quarter was a good start to what we anticipate will be a very good year. We had strong top line across the board, 10% reported, driven by 6% organic sales. We had good Industrial results; strong Energy; and other, i.e. Pest results; and much improved Institutional sales results. The leading metrics were also solid. New business was up double-digit versus a year ago with strong new product portfolio performance. And pricing continues to progress, and it needs to, because inflation will be even more significant than originally forecast but we believe it's well in-hand and will be well-managed. Q1 represented the high point on a year-on-year basis for raw material increases. We have increased our pricing targets and pricing will continue to build through the year and provide margin leverage beginning Q3 onwards. Separately, we're putting together a comprehensive plan to leverage our system investments, further enhancing SG&A efficiency over the next several years which will provide an added large margin lever, too. In short, we have strong underlying business momentum, pricing overcoming inflation, competence in our ability to navigate the uncertainties, all of which led us to raise our full year forecast. So with that as an overview, I'll turn it back to Mike.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, would you please begin the question and answer period?
Operator: Yes. Thank you. Thank you. Our first question today comes from the line of David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Sure. Good morning. Wanted to ask a longer-term question on Energy. Assuming crude prices are stable in the $70 or so range, is it a reasonable expectation to believe the segment could return to prior levels of profitability circa 2014 or do we need to see a sustained increase in oil prices to reach back into the mid-teens operating margin?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well I would say we believe that if oil prices did happen to be stable for the foreseeable future, i.e. the end of the cycle, that you would ultimately get back to the mid-teens but it would take a little longer than if you had a, let's say, continuing rise in price. But we would look at that as a favorable environment, though I would also consider probably unexpected just given the history of oil and the likelihood that we haven't seen the last cycle. What we're seeing in oil is balance, if you will, in terms of supply and demand and a lot of political risk, most of which everybody suspects is baked into the price. But the political risk feels more real than not. Ultimately, there's been a lot of CapEx taken out of this business and there's going to need to be more put in just to meet the increased demand and the inability of current supply to meet that demand because it flows off. So that means new oil, and we like new oil. New oil commands more of our technology than the oil it replaces, and that even in a fairly flat environment drives market growth for us. So that's why if you said stable at $70, we would see that it's a growing market. Our ability to grow would be fairly significant over a period of time and we do believe we'd get back to mid-teens.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And then just a quick follow-up on any potential risk from tariffs. If you've done any work on that either directly on Ecolab or indirectly through tariffs on raw materials. Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. We don't believe we have outsized risk on tariff. Our strategy has always been to try and make where we sell, i.e. make product, secure raw materials, et cetera in the currencies that we're building in to mitigate both currency risk from a strategic standpoint and/or trade risk. And so that will serve us well as we go through this. So I think the tariff impact for us specifically would be fairly nominal. The larger risk of course on tariffs is what to do with the overall economy which of course we wouldn't be completely shielded from, but we would share in that pain with everybody else. And historically, I'd say in difficult environments we perform well, at least relatively well.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. Maybe just to follow-up on the Energy question. Like I think you talked about earlier on trying to decyclicalize or make less cyclical I guess the Energy piece. I know WellChem is a smaller piece but any update there in terms of your portfolio review on that side?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, we've exited a couple of small businesses that were in the Energy portfolio that were particularly cyclical. They were almost completely related to drilling activity. They were equipment-related or capital equipment-related, so that occurred both fourth quarter and first quarter. So that's a little bit of a beginning of moving on a review we've performed. But that's the only thing that's occurred right now. I'd say within the portfolio and in WellChem, we continue to look for growth in what I would call the more stable part of that portfolio and emphasizing those technologies versus those that might be closely related to drilling activity, and that work has also begun. That would be the two current updates.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. And then I was just hoping if you could you just address the Healthcare performance this quarter. I mean, that was way below expectations I guess on our end. It sounded like you were getting things back, and now is it just a timing quarter blip? Can you just address that?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Sure. Yeah, we agree. I mean, Healthcare had a weaker than expected quarter. We expect it will probably continue through a portion of the second quarter. We do remain confident that the balance of the year post that is going to be back more in normal range. Europe, particularly France, is slower than anticipated. Some was just underlying market growth. We were also going against a fairly strong performance year ago in the first quarter. But we had a technology delayed by regulatory issues. Those issues have been resolved. The product is now shipping. And in the U.S., we were lapping a couple of large initiatives last year around intuitive and room hygiene rollouts. So the rollouts that we have, the new business that we have gives us confidence that this is going to be a temporary issue, and it will be back to growth.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it, all right. Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Roberts with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. How is the M&A pipeline looking? And are there more discussions underway, say, in one market area than another?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, I would say we're a fairly constant driver of M&A and have been for a number of years. So the activity doesn't really wax and wane, it's fairly consistent. And I would say our pipeline remains rich. I think we've talked before that the businesses we're in, we're in because we believe they're growth businesses. We're open to acquisitions in virtually all of them. There are a couple of exceptions that we cited. Paper and probably the WellChem area would be the two most notable. With those as exceptions, all others we would be open to driving growth via acquisition if it makes sense. Pipeline looks good. We would expect to have other deals done this year. Obviously that's going to be dependent upon another party agreeing with us on valuation and all the rest. And we'll continue to work hard to be good stewards of the shareholders' money and not force things by paying too high a multiples.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: And then, Doug, as you roll out more digitally-enabled offerings in the future, do you accelerate obsolescence on the installed base of dumb equipment? And does capital spending accelerate, since I think that's a large part of your CapEx budget? Or is it  it's something that will be immaterial? It'll be upgrading stuff, and we won't notice it?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: I don't think it'll be a material change. We are working in much of the equipment that we have installed that, say, isn't connected to the Internet. And so we don't have the ability to get information from the device that's collecting it to the cloud, per se. That, we're working on retrofit items that are fairly cost-effective that will enable us to move it from the current device to the cloud, cost-effectively. So it's not going to entail a whole retrofit, like rip out and replace with all new, which would add significantly to capital over the near-term. So I don't think it's going to be a big noise.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Chip Moore with Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed with your question.
Chip Moore - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Yeah, thanks. Maybe you could talk a bit about the ERP investments. It sounded like you were a little more comfortable on some of the returns, particularly on the margins. Maybe you can provide a little framework for us. Thanks.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. Well, the ERP investments in particular are more loaded in the first half than the second half. And we're sitting here in May 1, I would say it's going as well as these things go, meaning there's no news to report on the call. We put in a new finance package across the U.S. That turned on effectively and on time and we've got crudely 30% of our U.S. supply being run on this system. And we'll be rolling out in other waves the balance of the U.S. And that plant went on and we're manufacturing effectively, billing, shipping, collecting, all the things that you would hope would happen. So I don't think this is going to be real noise this year. If anything, it was a little better than our worst fears in the first quarter. And I would expect you would see the same thing in the second quarter as we move forward.
Chip Moore - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tim Mulrooney with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Tim M. Mulrooney - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yeah, good morning. It looks like the Institutional division has picked up, some of which I think is maybe distributor restocking but also probably some fundamental improvement as well. Is that a function of stronger retention or pricing or customer traffic trends? Would appreciate just any details on what's happening in the Institutional division specifically.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. I would say things played out much as we foresaw during our last call. And if you recall, during that call we discussed our offense really wasn't sufficient given soft market conditions in that our offense has been impacted in particular by a delayed warewash launch which was occurring in December. So I'd say markets are marginally better. I'm not sure it's the huge driver but it certainly it's better. The offense execution I think is materially better. So while the underlying market was good globally it was decent in the U.S. Our retention results, which you brought up, continue to be very good and kind of in the best-in-class range versus our history. So there wasn't a lot of room for improvement there. What really happened is we had improved new business driven by a strong SMARTPOWER launch which is the big warewash launch I referred to earlier that had previously been delayed. I think we're also leading the shadow of the Swisher and field technology introductions that we've talked about in the past. Our view, so we had a reported 5%; really that's a 4% underlying and probably 100 basis points of that growth from channel refill. And the 4% underlying growth compares to really 3% underlying growth in the second half last year. So it's ticked up, it's ticking up as we anticipated and I would say we expect continued good execution through the year, a decent market, foresee 4% underlying growth in Q2 as well and that accelerating to end the year at a 5% underlying growth rate.
Tim M. Mulrooney - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks, Doug. Maybe switching gears to your Food & Beverage business. In your supplemental you highlighted that new business wins are offsetting continued challenging industry conditions in the food and beverage industry. You guys had great results here, so can you just expand on what you mean by challenging industry conditions and what you expect there?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. I would just say many of our customers are in a difficult environment. So large food processors and, in some cases, large beverage or brewer situations are more challenging than normal, and that always has some impact. It could lead to plant closures, consolidations, et cetera. With that said, I would say we remain quite bullish about our F&B business. We've managed through these issues over time quite successfully; expect to do the same this year. We've had a lot of net new gains in that business, many of which will start driving I think even enhanced sales performance for the balance of the year. So I think we sit in a pretty comfortable place at least as we can see right now from a Food & Beverage standpoint.
Tim M. Mulrooney - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of P.J. Juvekar with Citigroup. Please proceed with your questions.
Scott Goldstein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. Thank you. This is Scott on for P.J. If we can just talk about some of the margin pressure year-over-year, the 100-basis point decline year-over-year. Can you perhaps give more color on how much of that came from maybe higher raw material prices versus some of the compensation rebuild in Energy and any other product costs that we can separate out?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. So are you referring to OI or are you referring to GP?
Scott Goldstein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Operating income.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. So operating income, if you adjust out acquisitions and currency and the rest, was off I think 60 basis points. And I would say a couple of things. If you go up, I mean clearly as I mentioned earlier you're dealing with the largest year-on-year raw material impact. That will dissipate the year-on-year impact. We do not expect raw materials to become cheaper. They're simply going against an easier base because it was a more difficult situation a year ago, and that really began in Q2 last year. And so that's the comparison that eases for us. Pricing will continue to accelerate as we go through this. But at the end of the day, pricing is going to rise we think throughout the balance of the year, moving now from kind of around 1% but obviously a little north of 1% to about 2% for the balance of the year; sometimes rounding up, sometimes rounding down but building as we go throughout the year which will enable us to start seeing improved both gross margin and OI margins beginning in Q3, in some businesses as early as Q2. The real build here is mostly raw material, maybe there's (21:53) some one-time noise. There's a little bit compensation build in some businesses but that's not the big news. We have investments that are predominantly in the first half versus the second half, so it's raws, it's investments both of which ease throughout the year.
Scott Goldstein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, thank you. And on the Colloidal Technologies business that you separated out, can you just provide some background on that business and why did it makes sense for you to start reporting it as a separate line?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. Our plan is to start reporting it this year prior even to the Equipment Care divestiture. I mean, truth is it takes a while to unpack all of the businesses that existed in the formal Nalco business. I think Colloidal was sort of in and buried. I mean, we knew about the business. But as we learn more about it, it's really we would consider it. It's a good business. It's more a Specialty chemical business. Doesn't have the same service component that virtually all of our other businesses have, so it's managed a bit differently and is a little different than the balance. So the decision was really made late last year that we'd be moving this into the other category as a consequence of its uniqueness. The business, basically we got into this business, if you will  I'm saying the royal we, saying Nalco history in the 1940s and 1950s  it used to be technology used in the water treatment area that was supplanted by technology in other areas. But they learned over time that this technology made a lot of sense in other industries, polishing metal, polishing glass, molding, et cetera. So it's a business with pretty solid customers, very good margins. It grew double digits last year. We anticipate it'll probably have slower growth this year as we focus on margin there as well because raw materials are pretty much a pressure in every business. So it's a good business for us but that it belongs in other.
Scott Goldstein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Christopher Parkinson with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Thank you. You hit on this a little on the cost side, but in terms of price cost on neutrality can you just walk us through the current pricing initiatives and just how you expect them to roll through the balance of the year? It sounds that in terms of magnitude that you have a pretty solid base case and that pricing is still linked a lot more service-level or value proposition and not necessarily cost. Is that the best way to think about it over the long-term? Thanks.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, getting pricing is always difficult. I would say we work hard to be sort of continually on the price program, if you will, with customers simply because we work, if you will, to smooth the ups and downs in the raw material market with our customers. We can because raws represent, I don't know, 20-some odd percent of our total P&L, and all businesses would prefer sort of steady impacts versus sharp shock impacts. So when there's an inflationary period we obviously up the amount that we seek and secure from a pricing standpoint. Certainly, having an inflationary environment gives you a better backdrop for pricing discussions. We don't want to lose out on that. It also drives frankly more critical need to get it. We have very many different pricing scenarios with customers. Some have quarterly pricing clauses. At worst, we have annual pricing clauses. We have worked very hard to get out of any fixed price contracts, and we really started that work back in 2004. And as far as I know, we don't have any or any that are really material. I'm sure I could find one somewhere, but that's how we view pricing. Obviously, you have different price pressures in different businesses because raws don't all move in lockstep, and Energy and our Water businesses have more price pressure than other businesses as a percentage of raw increase and are, in turn, seeking, if you will, larger price steps from their customers to cover these; in an Energy case, also to cover price concessions given over the last few years during the downturn in the energy market. So this is a real work for our team. They've been on it. We've seen very steady sequential improvement in pricing starting in the first quarter of last year. We expect to see continued sequential improvement this year as we move through the year, and that is the numer one tool we're using to offset the raw material inflationary environment which I'd also say includes freight by the way, and it it's critical that we get this done. I'm confident we will but it is real work by the team which is appreciated and that's how we have to set ourselves up moving into next year.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. And just can you talk a little more about Institutional growth as it pertains to full service restaurants versus your solid growth in QSRs? Just what's your overall expectation in the intermediate to long-term for full service foot traffic? And given that you positively expanded the delta of your growth versus some challenging industry trends, is that positive gap sustainable if foot traffic, let's say, stabilizes or even turns positive based on new initiatives and new products? What's the best way to think about that? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. I think this 4% to 5% range, 5% when things are little bit better, might reach into 6% at times, I think is a range that is sustainable from Institutional alone, even given what I would call modest market or semi-challenging market conditions. So look, we continue to make sure that we secure share and secure great positions in all market segments. It's the best way we can predict  or, I mean, protect our ability to grow in almost all environments. We've done a good job there. We've always been after the emerging chains. We worked very hard in fast casual segment and done a good job securing share there as well. We do a good job partnering when it makes sense for customers between QSR and Institutional, as QSR increasingly looks to develop labor-saving devices, read warewash machines and other technology in their units because of the pressure on labor wages via both healthcare and just rising wages and the pressure on $15. So all of these things come to play. So I think I was very clear. For a while, Institutional was growing at the 7% rate, and I said it's not our terminal rate of growth. Don't bake this in. It's faster than we're going to see for the foreseeable future. And when we were at 3%, I was also saying, don't bake this in. This is lower than we anticipate and believe that we're going to see. Getting back in this 5% range is I think quite achievable and reasonable, and it's a reasonable expectation going forward.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: Good afternoon. Can you talk a little bit about sort of the demand trends in Energy? I mean, you're going back so close to the energy crash (29:55) to get back the price concessions you gave. Can you talk a little bit about sort of is there any regional difference in where you're seeing traction or any customer mix issues that are complicating that effort?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. Sort of it's the mirror and, I mean, it's opposite of what we I guess experienced in the downturn. WellChem is moving quickest and U.S. is moving quickest, and it did in the downturn and it is in the upturn. And so clearly WellChem is the fastest growth business, but it also had the largest decline. It's also we're seeing the earliest largest price traction, which you would expect because it had had the most price degradation as well as we went through. The good news is, as we went through the decline we would swap out technology when we had the lower price so that we protected, in most cases, our most efficacious technologies from taking big price declines. We are now reintroducing that technology because of needs of the market, i.e., to get more out of existing holes in the ground. That's working. I would say you're seeing in OFC better pickup in terms of sales in North America, again mirroring what we experienced before, i.e., U.S. went down fastest, it's now recovering quickest. We would expect to see recovery broadly around the global regions, starting more like next year. So there's still more in front of us we think even in this current price environment. So I don't know if that helps. Those are the areas. Downstream was more steady, I think you're seeing more steady. It's going to be mid-single digits this year. But there again we're getting pricing, because we had some concessions and we have raw material impact. So pricing is a focus in all three of the areas, but you're seeing the most dramatic pickup in WellChem.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: And then in Institutional, are there any areas where you're looking at increasing the rate at which you're expanding the sales force, given the wider competitive advantage that you've been developing over the last few years? Does it then make sense to grow the sales force faster or to see growth after 2020?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, I would  I think given the size of Institutional, I mean, you certainly get into this equation in many businesses where you need to hire sales people in advance of growth, given where they are in terms of development, particularly if you're smaller and you have a more underdeveloped sales team that  I mean, if you think at the very beginning of a business, if you don't hire anybody in sales, it's going to be hard to grow. Institutional is at a point of maturity where we're a little bit out of that mix globally on average. There are markets, read China, parts of Southeast Asia, even in cases in East Europe and some other specific areas, where we do have to add sales in advance of growth. And we are doing that and we'll continue to do it. But I would say in the more mature markets, i.e., U.S. and/or Western Europe, that's not really the situation we're in. We much more try to add almost as a percentage of growth or expected growth as we go through. We are adding but not at a dramatic rate.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. As price achievement goes from 1% plus or minus to 2% plus or minus, could you just help us understand how much of that's going to come from customers that are already giving you price increases, that are giving you more, versus customers that haven't? And are there any sort of deltas or differences that are important to understand between the segments? Thanks.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. Well, I'd certainly think there'll be very few customers at the end of a two-year period who haven't been touched on pricing, i.e., last year and this year. And some in fact will have been asked for several price increases. It's very dependent upon the business and the raw material pressures in a given area and/or their product mix. So it's hard to generalize, but I'd just say many will have two. I mean virtually all will have one.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then just as a follow-up on raw materials or just inflation in general, are you at all affected by what's been going on with truck freight expense and things like that? Or do you have it completely within your own control?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: No, we're impacted clearly. We use a lot of common carriers for both shipments in between facilities of our own shipments as well as customer shipments. Freight is a real challenge and we're doing a number of things. We're looking at our freight policies. We're looking at our freight breaks. We're reevaluating minimums and all the rest of the stuff. I mean, the best way to reduce freight is reduce shipments, and I don't mean reduced tonnage. So we've got to look at ways of economizing and being smarter here, and it's in our customers' best interest too. I would say everyone that's in business in the U.S. fully understands this and is experiencing it first hand. So it's not new, it's not real news, and nobody can pretend this is a made up issue.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: You bet.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Hamzah Mazari with Macquarie. Please proceed with your question.
Mario Cortellacci - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi, guys. This is Mario Cortellacci filling in for Hamzah. In the European Institutional business, could you give us an update on what you're seeing in the competitive environment?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. That's always been our most difficult competitive environment. It remains so. That's a truism for the last several decades. We don't expect it to change dramatically. I don't know that we've seen dramatic change in the competitive environment there. Our largest competitor is Diversey. They're with a new owner now. They remain quite price aggressive but they've been price aggressive for as long as I've been at the company, and that's almost three decades now which is tough to admit. So I don't know what to say. I mean, it's not our best performing business in that region. We've stabilized sales. We would expect based on leading indicators that we'll move to growth in the second half, be relatively flat to minorly up in the first half but nothing significant, but improved in the second half as it looks right now.
Mario Cortellacci - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Perfect, and just one more and I'll turn it over. Could you update us on how you think about the timeline of reaching your 20% margin target?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. Well I'd say the FX gods have finally coughed up a few points which we greatly appreciate. I would say this. I still believe this is a 20% OI business. And even when we rolled out that target, we were fairly clear to say it wasn't going to occur by 2020 but we got a little hung up on alliteration or at least the magic of 2020 and 20%. So I would say it's going to be in the early 2020s. I would certainly hope before 2025, but it's a goal that I think is achievable and is reasonable for this company to pursue. We look at other companies with the advantages that we have in technology and capabilities with customers. They achieve it. I don't see any reason why we can't also. The key isn't, from a customer standpoint, your margin; the key is the value. And if we continue to do a great job bringing great value to our customers, they're going to measure this not on what we make but on what benefit it brings to them, and that's how they calculate value, i.e. what they're willing to pay. So for us to do it, we've got to keep delivering and developing great new technology. I like what we've got in the pipeline. We'll see.
Mario Cortellacci - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thanks. Good afternoon. Doug, can we focus on Water for a minute? Could you just speak to  kind of compare and contrast end markets, geography, how the pricing objectives are going there, and then maybe any thoughts on margin as we progress first half to second half? Thanks.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. So I would say the Water business had really pretty strong results in virtually every region. And if you look at sort of that core heavy/light Water business accelerated and its organic growth rate in the first versus the fourth, so it continues to strengthen in a number of areas. The only region and the only place that we are still recovering in in the core Water is really China heavy industry, and a lot of that has to do with what's been happening in China heavy industry, i.e. they've been shutting down plants and facilities and obviously you don't sell a lot when the facility goes out of business. That too will pass. I think we're in good position there to accelerate that business moving forward, so we feel good about where we are in Water broadly. From a pricing standpoint, I would say generally we're having good success in pricing. Asia is always a tougher environment to get pricing than the other markets but we are also pushing very hard to make sure that we secure pricing there as well. But I guess our Water team and I remain confident that we are going to secure the pricing we need to start seeing margin leverage in that business beginning in Q3 as well.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Okay, thanks, helpful. And then a little unorthodox on the follow-up question, but over  it's been about two years since Venezuela was deconsolidated, and clearly and unfortunately things have not gone better in that geography. Is that probably a never again for Ecolab or how should we think about that? Obviously it's been quiet and will probably remain so for the near-term, but just thinking longer-term is that something that probably will not return?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well every one of my either private or public predictions around Venezuela and the regime change and everything else have been completely wrong. So based on my track record, I would take all this with a grain on salt. Someday I got to imagine things will change politically in Venezuela. I have no idea when that's going to occur. We did have to deconsolidate. We no longer had control over that business in any reasonable way, and I think you've seen that play out for a number of companies over the last few years. We are still operating in Venezuela. It's not easy. We have literally 50-year customers in that market that we've worked very hard to continue to support as we go forward. They were customers before this regime. They will likely be ongoing entities post this regime. And so what we've worked very hard to do, and I'll just describe it because I don't think it's going to happen in the near-term, is preserve the option for the company by making sure that we support this business without investing more dollars, and that's a trek, so far so good. But it's important that we maintain, if we can, the support for these customers. They've been very important to us over a number of years and we want to make sure we do everything we can for them within reason. We won't do anything illegal. We won't put anybody in harm's way, et cetera, but it's a very, very challenging situation. So I wouldn't count on it and I certainly wouldn't buy the stock based on a Venezuela turnaround but we do work to keep the option open for the company.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: All right. Thanks for sharing that.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher Evans - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. It's Chris Evans on for Bob. I was hoping maybe we could get a little more color on the other income line that showed up in the quarter. I assume that's a consequence of some of the accounting changes you made. I just want to know what kind of margin impact for the segments that may have had and what to expect going forward.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. I'm going to  Dan gets to handle this because it's pension and the new accounting changes.
Daniel J. Schmechel - Ecolab, Inc.: Right. So, yeah, what shows up now below our reported operating income is what I'll describe as the sort of non-service, which means the good guy part of the pension reporting. So on that other income line you basically have the expected return on pension assets and plus a bunch of other pluses and minuses, but I would think of it as primarily being the expected return on the pension assets. And as you can tell, it's up pretty significantly year-on-year just based on strong performance of the asset last year. The impact of pulling out the favorable aspect of pension out of operating income corporately is about a 50-basis point depression to reported operated income margins and I would think about that as breaking pretty evenly across the public segments plus or minus.
Christopher Evans - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks and appreciate that. And then maybe just going into Energy for a minute. You've previously guided to some of the comp rebuild kind of ending here in the first quarter, some of the raws pressure sort of lapsing a bit. So as we get into the second quarter is that maybe the first time you'll actually see the margin trajectory turn positive after a couple tough years?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. I would say Energy is going to turn margin-positive year-on-year potentially Q2, it won't be dramatic. Q3, we're quite confident it will be positive by Q3. So I'd say over the next couple of months it's going to be turning positive from a margin standpoint. I don't know what the math is exactly is going to be in Q2 but I will tell you it will turn in Q2.
Christopher Evans - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research. Please proceed with your question.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Hello, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to touch on a couple of your businesses that are maybe smaller but have seen some difference in growth and I just want to make sure what's going on there. Number one is on your Pest business. It was up 8% excluding acquisitions. Should we continue to expect this high single-digit growth to continue and is it driven by you're getting more scale and better business in Europe or is it both domestic and European expansions? And also, when can we expect the 6% or so contribution from acquisitions to anniversary in that SBU?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. Dmitry, I think the Pest business has been really performing at a very high level for several years now and we expect it to continue this year, so high single-digit type growth is I think a fair expectation. I certainly have it as we look at the business. And, yeah, they're doing it the old fashioned way. I mean, they're keeping customers and selling new ones. It's strong U.S. performance but also good performance in our Europe businesses which are other businesses of scale. So it's fairly uniform. They're doing a good job on some of the smaller international businesses as well and have improved those businesses. We had, if you went back a few years, couple businesses there that weren't performing in a satisfactory manner certainly from an operating income standpoint and they've improved as well. So I feel good about where we are in Pest.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: And the acquisition anniversarying, is that a second quarter event?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: For Pest?
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Yes.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: The Pest acquisition, I mean, what we internally call triples, fourth I think, second half.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Second half.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: I don't remember the exact date sitting here, but in my head I want to say October, December  I don't  fourth quarter.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. So it'll continue to be a driver through the next couple of quarters.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, but acquisition-adjusted growth, right, is very favorable too. We take it out of that.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Right, which is why I wanted to differentiate the two. Okay. And then as a follow-up, I know you mentioned Paper as one of the areas that you're not looking to invest but it is a mid-single-digit grower for you lately and it hasn't all been every quarter but it certainly has been a low to mid-single-digit grower fairly consistently. Sort of how do you do that without making the investments or without making above minimum investments I guess? And what does this business have to do to change your mind about viewing it as a long-term contributor to your P&L and to your value proposition?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, to be clear, we too like the Paper business, and our desire not to add to it through acquisition is not a statement that we don't like it. I don't plan on adding onto my home but I still like it. So I would say in the Paper standpoint, we do invest in it. We invest in R&D. We do not pull punches. If we're in a business, we're in it to win it. And we need to make sure that we stay in the inv1estments needed to meet customer needs today and tomorrow. And so we have a very active R&D portfolio. In fact, we have several real breakthrough items that have come through the Paper R&D development that frankly we think are going to be quite positive in other parts of our business as well. So I want to differentiate that comment. And so as long as we own a business, we're on the gas. We're working to grow it. There's some portfolio management about where do you really want to go put incremental dollars, and that's a diff1erent decision. So I'm with you. I like the Paper business. We've invested. It's done quite well for us. We always said it was maybe the third most attractive business, but it was still attractive when we purchased Nalco, so a lot of this is that history that goes back now seven, eight years. But since then, Paper EBITDA margins and all the rest have improved handily. And we're proud of what that team's accomplished and look forward to what they're going to accomplish going forward.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Hey, Doug, that's helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, good morning. Thank you  or good afternoon, thank you for taking my questions. Hey, Doug, we've had two quarters in a row of 6% organic growth in each of the quarters. There's some talk about things that might be a little bit more one-time-ish, but it seems like you've gotten to that level. Should we think that that's kind of a high water mark for the near-term in terms of being at 6% growth? Or is that something that you think could be a sustainable number, given the improvements that you're seeing within the business and the momentum? Can you talk about what could put that up versus down and where you're co with right now?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. No, I think the 6%, we've talked for a long time that we believe that's kind of a going rate for our business. I believe it's a going rate for the balance of the year. Whether every quarter exactly at 6% or some number right around it, could be above, could be below. But I think for the year our expectations would be in that range for organic sales growth.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. And just to follow-up, can you give a little more details about this comprehensive efficiency initiative? What exactly is it? Is it multi-year? What's meant to accomplish with this versus what you generally do in a kind of day in, day out, looking for efficiencies in the business?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. Well, the difference is that we've had sizable investments in systems. And we've talked about it, and we've talked about high water marks and that this has been important to us and we think setting the stage for the future. Well, whenever you're justifying those internally, obviously there's a return on that investment. And the return is typically driven by efficiencies. So we're getting at a point where there's some maturation on these system implementation plans. And it is now time to start putting in place the plans to specifically harvest, if you will, the efficiencies that these enable. And these aren't overnight efficiencies. These are efficiencies that you build over several years, but you've got to get after kind of a start date and get pushing on this fairly aggressively, or you never quite realize your full potential. And so what this is about is sort of declaring that it's time now to switch from investing to also implementing the efficiency benefits that we're going to see, and that's what we're talking about. So there'll be more conversation about this going forward. This will be another important lever in our arsenal. We always talk about continuing to drive OI margin over periods of time and certainly this is going to be one of the tools that enables us to do that.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Harrison with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Hey, good afternoon. Maybe building on the last question a little bit, the new customer installation and innovation investments that you referenced in the Institutional business, what's the timeframe for when we should expect to see you leverage those costs? Is that something that we kind of see the cost get covered over a couple quarters and then several quarters later you really start to see the return and see the leverage kind of accelerate from there?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, typically we end up covering a lot of the cost. What happens is when we have large installs and so, if you will, big new business, you end up with fairly significant install expense, some of which is depreciated, some of which is just taken to the P&L. And we've chosen to do that over the years, but that can get outsized on  when you do 13-week reporting, it can look and make that specific period look a little odd. That's the only reason we're talking about it. If it was just in the context of a whole year, it sort of gets smoothed out. But since we have quarterly reporting periods, we need to reference it so that people understand why we may have near-term margin impact. Once it's behind us and customers start consuming at going rates, you quickly end up smoothing any of that distortion out of your P&L, and so that certainly happens within a couple of quarters max, that you start getting at more going rate, if you will. But there's a little pain upfront. Now this is good pain. We like this. We'll take this all day long. A lot of this, this is in the Institutional segment, much of it's in our Specialty business in particular. But it's good news, but that's how this shows up and why.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: All right. And then can you reference some delays in the rollout of SMARTPOWER, and you also mentioned that Europe was soft in Institutional. I'm just wondering are those two things related? Were we rolling out SMARTPOWER in both North America and Europe and that was supposed to happen over the past couple quarters and it was delayed?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: The SMARTPOWER delay was principally in the U.S. It was supposed to go early in 2017. It went very late in 2017. So it's sort of old news but I referenced it last quarter and talked about it as one of the impacts and also one of the reasons we were confident that we were going to see a pickup beginning in Q1, which we did see.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: All right. But is SMARTPOWER being rolled out in Europe this year?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: It's being rolled out. It's rolled out in Europe and it's not rolled out in the U.S. too.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli. Please proceed with your question.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. I was looking at pricing, Doug. I mean, as a general rule year-in and year-out your price increases by 1% to 2%. So we are now in an inflationary environment and raw material costs are still going up as we speak, and so I was expecting a higher increase in pricing. Am I missing something? Are you doing something different?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well I would say typically, Rosemarie, when we're in a, let's say, a non-inflationary or even a deflationary, we'll continue to seek price. We may round to 1% but we're not getting 1% typically in those environments exactly. I would say we're talking about now moving up. This isn't corporately close or even over 2%. It's not exactly the same in every business. You have different pressures so some are going to be above that, some below. The other is, as we've talked in the past, pricing is one of the tools that we use to offset this; the other is new technology. And as we rollout new platforms, the new platform is typically priced double-digit ahead of the old platform if you equate it to a price per pound, kilo, or liter basis. And so that's I would say historically our number one tool. So it's all of these working together. But when you have inflation like this you can't only rely on new technology; you have to make sure that you're driving just, as we call it, naked pricing as well, i.e. you're getting $50 on this stuff and now I need $51, $52.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Sure. And on the freight side, in addition to that probably 2% price increase, are you setting up surcharges which are not showing up in the pricing?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well we certainly are utilizing surcharges in certain businesses and geographies around freight because it's the fastest way to go start securing additional revenue to cover some of those costs. So we are doing that.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Okay. And then if I may on the Colloidal Technologies. Could you share with us the size of it? And have you separated it in order to dispose of it or in order to really pay a lot of attention to it and grow it profitably?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well it's about $85 million or was last year. No, I mean, this isn't a big strategic move. It's more a move of how do you manage what's in what segment based on accounting rules amongst other things. So it's where it belongs. I mean, it's been managed well. Last year it grew double digits, so I don't have any real issue with the focus that's in place on the business at all.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Okay. Thank you
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Andrew Wittmann with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hi, guys. Just on the guidance raise of $0.05. Was there anything more than just the fact that you beat the midpoint by, like what, $0.03 or $0.04 here that contributed to the range? Is there anything fundamentally in your outlook that changed?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well we didn't. As I always say, we focus on our range, not consensus since it moves around all the time. So it wasn't really because we had a beat versus the average or the consensus number. I think it was really looking at our underlying business strength. We're obviously much further in the year than we were when we have to give the initial range and it was based on underlying strengths. A lot of the other factors sort of neutralize each other at this point in time, so it's really looking at sales trends, et cetera.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I will turn the floor back to Mr. Monahan for closing remarks.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: Thanks. That wraps up our first quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated discussion slides will be available for replay on our website. Thank you for your time and participation. Our best wishes for the rest of the day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-20 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Monahan - SVP, External Relations Doug Baker - Chairman and CEO Dan Schmechel - CFO
Analysts: Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets Chip Moore - Canaccord David Ridley-Lane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Manav Patnaik - Barclays John Roberts - UBS Laurence Alexander - Jefferies David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Chris Parkinson - Credit Suisse Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Group Scott Goldstein - Citigroup Mike Harrison - Seaport Global Securities Tim Mulrooney - William Blair Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research Andrew Wittmann - Robert W. Baird Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company Dan Dolev - Nomura
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Ecolab Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mike Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Monahan.
Mike Monahan: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolabs fourth quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolabs Chairman and CEO; and Dan Schmechel, our CFO. A discussion of our results along with our earnings release and slides referencing the quarters results and our outlook are available on Ecolabs website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements on these materials, stating that this teleconference, the discussion and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described under Item 1A, risk factors, of our most recent form 10-K and in our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with a brief overview of the quarter, Ecolabs sales and earnings continued to show sequential acceleration thorough the fourth quarter. Continued new business gains, product innovation and pricing drove fourth quarter acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales growth in all our business segments. The sales gains, along with our ongoing cost efficiency work, more than offset higher delivered product costs and investments in the business to drive the operating income gain. These, along with lower adjusted interest expense and our work to lower our tax rate, yielded the fourth quarters 11% adjusted earnings per share increase. Moving to some highlights from the quarter, and as discussed in our press release. On an adjusted basis, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items from both years, fourth quarter 2017 adjusted diluted earnings per share increased 11% to $1.39. Consolidated acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales rose for all of our business segments. Acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales growth was led by North America and Europe. Reported operating margins increased 60 basis points. Adjusted fixed currency operating margins decreased 70 basis points as price and volume increases were more than offset by rising delivered product costs in the quarter. Adjusted fixed currency operating income increased 3%. The operating income gain, along with lower adjusted interest expense and tax rate, yielded an 11% increase in fourth quarter 2017 adjusted diluted earnings per share. We continue to aggressively work to drive growth, winning new business through our innovative new products and sales and service expertise, as well as driving pricing and cost efficiencies to grow our top and bottom lines at improved rates. We also see continued good underlying sales volume and pricing across our business segments, and look for that to more than offset continued and significant delivered product cost headwinds and yield stronger operating income growth. We expect 2018 to be a strong year with earnings growth accelerating through the second half. We look for accelerated pricing to again exceed continuing and significant delivered product cost headwinds and along with our product innovation and cost efficiency work yield better operating margins and income growth. We expect 2018 adjusted dilutive earnings per share to rise 12% to 16% to the $5.25 to $5.45 range, with second half earnings growth outpacing the first half, reflecting the expected impact of the higher delivered product costs and systems investments which are expected to have a larger impact in the first half. We expect good first quarter fixed currency acquisition adjusted sales growth with lower operating margins as improved sales momentum and stronger pricing are more than offset by higher delivery product costs and systems investments. Adjusted diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the $0.85 to $0.93 range, up 6% to 16%. In summary, we saw improved momentum in our business as we moved through 2017 and expect to realize strong growth in 2018 that should deliver 12% to 16% adjusted diluted earnings per share growth. And now, heres Doug Baker with some comments.
Doug Baker: Thank you, Mike. Ill just touch on some headlines or top level view, as I see it. So, clearly, the business is better and getting better. Organic sales improved. And the improvement, when you look at it, was widespread. Industrial is quite strong, energy was strong, pest was quite strong, and institutional got better as well. Also, pricing is catching up to rise. So, the strong results here, if you look across the board, you can see better improved pricing everywhere including energy, which finally moved into the plus column as we had forecast. So, we see more of the same as you look into the 2018. We expect a very good macroeconomic environment globally, but we also expect inflation to continue with raws peaking on a year-on-year basis in Q1 and really not easing until late 2018, if at all. So, while we see this, we also see good things happening on our side. We expect solid sales momentum to continue across the board. And were also continuing to push pricing, given the inflationary environment. Weve had great new business productivity in the second half of 2017. So, there is good reason to believe momentum will continue. We have got major launches underway including our new Smartpower warewash platform, which is starting to help drive institutional improvements. We also continue to invest significantly in customer-facing technology and in infrastructure technology. So, if you add all this up, we are quite excited about what this means for 2018 results. We see double-digit EPS for the year and for each quarter. Now, if you look underneath, this is really driven by strong underlying business performance. We certainly have a number of good guys this year working in our favor, things like FX, for a change, tax. Hurricanes are really the planned absence thereof, we dont forecast any hurricanes impacting a major area for us, like Houston or the Gulf again. But also have things on the other side of the ledger which are often overworked. Weve got the Equipment Care divestiture. We have one-time SAP in a -- or North America install expense. This isnt the expense of the system or the amortization of the system, this is really the extra cost it takes to put this in, in terms of inventory and moving things around, et cetera. Its real but its a smart stuff to do because its one-time expense; it goes away once the system is up and running. And then, we have raws. Raws are going to be another headwind this year. We will offset them. We believe well even realize margin accretion on gross margin basis before year-end. But, we know weve got to grow price to recover the incremental raws that are coming our way. If you net all these out, weve got very strong underlying double-digit performance as well. So, last point, weve been doing a lot a work on digital technology to help our customers, and what were learning is quite, quite exciting. So, we have huge advantages in the digital world and were making real progresses with our customers by leveraging these. So, I remain very optimistic about the year, but I am also really optimistic about our development program, and as a result, very optimistic about the years to come. So, thats my opening. And from that, Ill turn it back to Mike.
Mike Monahan: Thanks, Doug. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, would you please begin the question-and-answer period?
Operator: Sure. Thank you. Well now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Gary Bisbee: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. I guess, Doug, Id love to drill down on your take on the investments. And number one, sort of help us quantify how much incremental investment is going into business this year? And how do we think about what the payback is from those digital strategies, what are the -- what really is it, and whats the timing of achieving meaningful payback from these investments? Thanks.
Doug Baker: Well, look, I think, theres couple levels of investment. I mean, one, we mentioned were putting in new ERP system in North America. Weve done this in a number of regions, in a number of countries. So, we have a lot of experience. But, it takes time and spending to get this thing done, unless you want to take unnecessary risk. The good news is, weve already launched, weve rolled out, we have a 100% of our financial backbone in North America on this platform. We closed the month. We also have about 40% in North American production and warehousing on this system, and its been running. And I would say the early returns are quite favorable. So, what we know is its going to be on the continuum of normal installations, which I always call really painful to just impossible. I think, its going to be on the better side of that continuum but these things are always difficult. Whats the payback? Well, look, were replacing a 40-year old system. So, some of this is ultimately youve got to go do this. This will enable significant upgrades in our visibility in the business, our ability to, what I would say, further leverage digital and all the rest of the stuff. Its going to be hard to parse through exactly how that works. But, I would say, this one-time expense that we talk about, dissipates as we go out throughout the year, and will certainly not be repeated next year. Thats around an additional, probably about a nickel this year is what we anticipate in total. That type of expense that we dont expect to see next year. Hopefully, we do better than that. But thats yet to be seen. On the digital side, were investing another $0.04 to $0.05 this year versus last year. If you go back in total, we probably have about $0.20 investment in this year on a run rate basis. And its really been built over the last six years. I think, this has been very smart money for us. And it does not show up in our R&D line where I think it probably belongs because of the accounting rules. But, this is a significant increase in what I would call R&D-related expenditures. And what its really designed to do is enable us to take advantage of what I think are our super size advantages in a digital world. Weve got access to unique data that nobody else can get at. So, we have over 2 million accounts; weve always talked over a 1 million; we never bothered to count them up. Globally, its 2.2 million. Were collecting data today in over 90% of them but too few of them are connected to the cloud. Weve customized the cloud; weve created a central group, were doing a number of things right now. So, we have unique data. And I would say, the ability to leverage it better than anybody else, because weve got knowhow and a field team to actually take action upon what we learn. So, this is already translating into success in the industrial area where we are further ahead because you have fewer accounts, quite candidly. And its easier to start assimilating and getting after this stuff. So, thats what we are learning first. But, its already led to a number of big, big enterprise deals that I dont think two years ago we could have fantasized we would be able to go compete for because of the way they wanted to look at this industry. But now, for real, they are taking a look at what we can do on energy and water. Theyre counting it, not just counting price that we want to charge, and its leading to significant new wins. So, thats stuff is translating into success right away. But, this is in spite of difficult years because of FX, principally in energy, we have continued to invest in this business. And as we come out of this, were damn happy we did because its going to be adding additional fuel to a fire thats already started to take off.
Gary Bisbee: And a quick follow-up just on energy margins, I think your prepared remarks that you posted, called out, Q1, you lap some of the costs, step down from a year-ago or bringing the cost back on. But, how do we think beyond Q1 about just incremental margins? If that revenue does ramp at a nice pace, should we see incremental margins start to rise and be, I dont know, above corporate average or just any color? Thank you.
Doug Baker: Yes. No, its going to ramp up according to our forecast significantly over the next four quarters. I think, youve seen a sequential improvement in 2017. That will continue and actually we think accelerate and it needs to. We talked that we gave up pricing during the down turn and we need to go and recapture it, one, because it was lost pricing; and two, because weve now got rekindled inflation of raw materials. So, I guess, the best way to think about it is, it will be improved in Q1 but pricing will still be below the raw increase year-on-year. Q2, we think, its going to be about net equal. So, it will be no longer, if you will, EPS dilutive, but it will be neutral. And well start -- energy will be accretive. But, Im just talking about the raw pricing ratio. And then, you are going to start seeing expansion in Q3 and Q4 where if we are fortunate, were going to start seeing margin accretion in the second half of this year. I think, thats more likely than that but obviously it somewhat depends on what happens in the raw market.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Chip Moore with Canaccord.
Chip Moore: Good to see some of the big headwinds over the past few years going the other way on FX and tax. Maybe on tax specifically, any impacts there on tax reform in terms of end customer demand beyond obviously the benefit to you guys?
Doug Baker: I would say, too early to say we have any specifics about investments that are being made or other things from customers. Typically, theyre responding demand driven signals, not cash in the bank signals, and I would expect that to go. But, we are seeing fairly strong economy globally and in the U.S. So, I would expect that we will see some expansion in certain areas that we will work to go capitalize on as we move forward. So, its hard to say that its bad news. We like our customers to have cash because when they have concepts to grow, they will do it. So, there is no bad news here.
Chip Moore: Maybe just one follow-on for energy, following up on that first question. I think you called out maybe a small pull forward this quarter. Just talk about that size and impact in Q1.
Doug Baker: Yes. I would say, Q4, 12% organic, we dont believe thats the run rate of that business. So, often, I pull them up; I would pull this one down. I think its high single digits is more realistic run rate that we experienced in Q4 for energy, which isnt bad. And its about what we expect this year, mid to upper single digits. And so, it was not really a pull forward as much as it was a bunch of one-time things that come along routinely in the fourth quarter, but they came along and we fully capitalized on them this year. So, its not a bunch of stolen business from first quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
David Ridley-Lane: It sounds that you are already getting some traction in the institutional business from the refocusing in on the core product lines. Wondering if youve started to see any tailwind from the U.S. economy with wage growth picking up and also higher after-tax income. I think, the National Restaurant Associations customer traffic survey had a tick up in December, for example.
Doug Baker: Yes. It would be tough for us to go ferret that out this quickly and this early. So, I will say, its a trend that we like and certainly cant really hurt. We are seeing, I would say, an uptick in that business broadly. Some of it we know is driven by execution. Its a little early for us to have any public data on whats happening in the industry in terms of units, traffic and the like. But, weve read the same thing. I would say customers feel better. Retail certainly had a very good holiday season, we all know that. That typically correlates with restaurant traffic and restaurant spend as well. So, I would expect, as we sit here, our expectation for institutional, and we really focus on U.S. first because its the biggest business, makes the most money, and we cant afford to have that thing stayed dormant very long. Its moving, it improved 4 versus 3. We expect the same or maybe even a better move in Q1 versus Q4 and sort of sequential improvement throughout the year. And our goal, and I think its quite achievable, to leave the year at a 5% run rate on the U.S. business, which is going to have a significant improvement overall in that public segment.
David Ridley-Lane: And then, just want to ask, its been a couple of months since the Diversey and GE Water transactions closed. Have you been able to capitalize on some of that competitive disruption?
Doug Baker: Well, you never know exactly what the root is. We certainly are doing our normal welcome party to the industry. And so, were working to be quite aggressive. Its what you would expect. So, we are actively pursuing new business, have programs in place in our water and our energy and in our institutional and F&B businesses. Theyre working together quite constructively, particularly in the F&B space where there are huge synergies between our water and F&B businesses. That is having success. We would expect to continue to have success.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Manav Patnaik: I just wanted to follow up on the digital investments. I was just curious, all this data that you talked about and the only place to get it, like can you monetize that in the future, or is this more just it increases your value proposition to the customer?
Doug Baker: I guess, the ultimate answer is, we dont know. At minimum, its going to make us or position us to be even more helpful and valuable to customers. Whether it gets monetized in a unique income stream or its monetized as an overall part of the programs that we sell, I dont exactly know. I think, what will happen here, its happened in our other learning episodes is, we start out and we are starting out and we go out, doing what we know we can do and making a difference where we know we can make a difference. As a consequence to that, you learn many other things in other areas in maybe other ways to make a difference for customers, if theyre willing to pay for. Its certainly happened for us in the past. And I would expect this journey will have some of those off ramps as well. Well capitalize on them. But at minimum, its going to enable us to do pretty significant things for customers, just the visibility that we can provide and the understanding about their spending patterns and their efficiency patterns within either a restaurant or food and beverage plant, a hotel, a hospital. We now know best-in-class lets say water usage and given in the steel mill industry globally or in the beverage and brew industries. And these arent small things because if we can really say, hey, you can get down to a 1 liter in here at [indiscernible] day per liter produced, thats a dramatic improvement in our efficiency and start mapping ways to do it helps them be better stewards and frankly make more money. So, I mean theres a lot of ways to make this create value for customers. Our history, when we create value, we get paid for it. And we know this is going to enhance our ability to do that.
Manav Patnaik: And then, maybe just on Europe, could you just update us on sort of the margin trajectory there and maybe what the trajectory for Europe generally in your view should be in the next couple of years?
Doug Baker: Yes. If we go back to sort of the Europe that we had identified when we launched the Renaissance program back in 11, this year margin was really flat and we target a 100 basis points a year. We started off in a big hole Q1 and climbed out of the hole to reach basically flat for the year. Were still up dramatically over the period of time since we announced this first quarter of 2011. And I believe we will be back on track in this year as we move forward. So, there is still firm belief. We identified 1,000 points; we started out it at 3 margin, so getting to 13, I still believe thats quite achievable. Were upper single digits now. Weve covered most of that ground but we have ground left to carry, and then will start arguing from there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: Doug, just to follow on there. I think, you said European institutional sales were down in the quarter in fixed currencies, what was going on there?
Doug Baker: There was some business that we ended up losing because we didnt want to compete for it at the price it was going to be done at. Weve been through this in Europe several times. I would say, of the chains that I would have put in that category, say four years ago, two out of three that we lost and are already back in our fold simply because I dont think you can execute at those pricing levels. So, this is something weve dealt with for decades. We have competitors who I dont understand their P&L or their view of it but they are quite aggressive at times on price. And we do the math, it looks like a cash loss position to us. We are unwilling to do business at a cash loss business. We wont drop price to protect; weve done that. We will do other things, but there is a point where we just blink and say, forget it. And now that is coming out of the base fairly quickly because its been in it for a while. We expect to be neutral to maybe slightly positive in Q1 and for the year next year.
John Roberts: Do you think thats a result of the competitive dynamics from your competitor being sold?
Doug Baker: Well, I mean to be honest, its been a pattern under five ownerships and its been consistent. So, we always say, well, new owner perhaps will be a new pricing philosophy. So far, thats been a unfulfilled wish. So, I dont know whats going to translate here. Ive always said, weve dealt with 30 and 40 off for, Ive been at the Company 28 years. It was happening before I got here, its still happening. So, my expectation is it will likely continue to happen. During that period of time, weve grown share, and at the expense of every competitor including those who are quite price aggressive. So, I would just say just put in the camp of everybody has got to deal with their own stuff. Thats some of the stuff weve got to go deal with, weve done it, we will handle it in the future.
John Roberts: J&J put its sterilization business up for sale. Setting valuation aside, I assume that would fit really well with your hospital product strategy?
Doug Baker: This is -- why dont I say that Im not going to make any comment on a specific property that may or may not be for sale. But certainly, the central sterile area has been one of our focus areas and an area that weve talked about strategically in the past, and its important going forward.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander: So, two quick questions. First, is the digitalization strategy changing or could it change your targets for R&D, and your rule of thumb for how fast your sales force would grow each year to tie into the volume growth you target? And secondly, can you give a bit of an update in terms of demand trends that youre seeing in Asia and your thoughts around investing to grow the sales force there?
Doug Baker: Yes. So, Laurence, I guess, on the digital side, our priorities go in this order. Number one, were going develop technology that improves and enhances our ability to drive value at our customer level. Thats focus one. Focus two is developing technology makes it easier to deal with, i.e., you want to go track a shipment, you want to find out a price, you want to get a critical information that you might need on specific products. We can do a lot better job making it easier for customers access and by the way for our field team too. And then, third, and third is, well use it to go drive efficiency. And its simply just trying to get the focus first. You can get projects under any of these buckets, we have loads of them. But, what do we want to do first, we want to go use this to drive value with customers. Thats our number one priority. As a consequence of that, yes, it changes some things. But, what well end up doing first is really augmenting our field with technology, and enabling them to get a lot -- get more done with less effort. And thats the goal, because then they can spend more time upselling, helping, training and doing the things that really only humans can do. And so, we want to supplant and use technology where we can. How is that going to translate? I said, ultimately, yes, its almost hard to imagine that that doesnt enable you to increase sales team capacity, if you do it right. And we would certainly leverage that if that proved to be true. But thats not the objective of our initial thrust as we go out there. It really is enhance value, create value, drive the top-line and from there, learn how to do the rest of the stuff. And, the next thing Ill do is the Asia demand, yes, I would say, theres a number of hot points in Asia that we continue to feed and well continue to feed as we grow. Our China business in institutional, in F&B, and in whitewater has been very steadily growing at either double digits or high single digits. It will continue to do that we believe as we go forward .Its now starting to eclipse, some of the struggles we had in the heavier industries as a consequence of new regulations and other things. China grew in the fourth quarter, we expect it to grow next year both top and bottom line as we go through, and these faster growth parts become a bigger part of the portfolio there. So, were feeding that were feeding Southeast Asia, were feeding Indonesia and other markets that are growing disproportionately. And well continue to do that as we move forward. Demand there, I would say in a number of areas is quite good and we want to make sure were up to supplying and meeting it.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Begleiter at Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Doug, on healthcare, its now been about a year since you acquired Anios. Can you give us an update on how that is progressing? And overall in healthcare in 2018, how are you looking at growth for that business?
Doug Baker: Yes. I mean, Anios is -- look, you have to like it a lot to buy it and pay what we paid. I mean, it was clearly within market metrics, but markets frothy. It turned out to be a great acquisition as we thought it was. So, sitting here a year later, I think the team, the Anios team, our integration team, the healthcare team at large has just done a fantastic job bringing that business into the fold. Theyve done it in a way that has not disrupted the business. Weve fed the business; were working to enable the business. They had a very clear way of expanding globally. Weve made it a lot easier because they dont have to build infrastructure, it already exists. And so, what we were going to do frankly with a Ecolab line and Anios can do, were now doing via an Anios line and expanding and its going quite well. What do we expect? I mean, if you look at Anios organic growth and our other organic growth, youve got to kind of blend them together. Its growing at a mid single digit combined growth rate right now. My hope is that were able to tick that up through the year, as we go forward. I think, theres good plans and reason to believe that. But the business has been performing well. Anios is ahead of plan, top and bottom versus our first year expectations, and we always have high expectations. So, were quite pleased with the business. The more you learn about it and the more you interact, frankly better you feel cause its really a terrific business.
David Begleiter: And Doug, just on institutional, the acceleration to that 5% run rate at year-end, what one or two things are going to drive that acceleration from today for the rest of the year? 
Doug Baker: Well, some is the base stops being a problem. I mean, I want to be straight. But the other is just better execution. I think, the team went back and did a good job of looking at their plans in the last really two years. And we had a lot going on in that business that I think started pulling peoples eye off the ball. We talked about it in prior calls, in terms of field technology rollout, kind of a major one. And every time we do these, we learn. And also the integration of Swisher was very intensive in terms of how deep it went in the organization. So, those things are behind us. I think, they tried to do too many things last year on one level and not enough big things, its their summation of learning. I think their plans this year are much crisper, much more focused, the stuff that can make a difference. We -- you only get several yeses a year in a customer, you want to make those yeses count a lot, both for them and for us. And I think were just back to some of those basics and the teams plan reflects that. And you can already start seeing some of the benefits as we start tracking those metrics. So, Im calling whats -- I know its going to improve. Does it hit 5? I bet, yes, but its certainly not going to be hanging around the 3 level.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Chris Parkinson with Credit Suisse.
Chris Parkinson: Great. Thank you. F&B performance appears to have taken a turn for the better on the back of new business wins and enterprise selling, after as a little problematic I guess 12 to 18 months ago. Can you just quickly comment on your expectations for the balance of 18 and even into 19? Does the current growth rate have the runway? And if so, what subdivisions and geographies are the key drivers? Thank you.
Doug Baker: Yes. I would say, the F&B business, I think that teams done a terrific job. ?And this marriage between F&B and water technologies which both the water white team and F&B have done a amazing job partnering, collaborating and developing outsized advantage, its driving both businesses forward, has been huge. And its very difficult for competition to even come close to matching it, because nobody else has these two businesses. And our expectation, I think you are going to see more of the same from F&B. Every quarter is not going to be identical to the fourth quarter. But, I think, call it plus-minus 6, as we go through the year, quarter-after-quarter. The light business is also doing well. Where do you see the growth? I mean, the good news is its in some of the bigger markets, right? North America, we would expect to have at least average growth versus the 6 I talked about; China a little above average; AP above average; Latin America above average. So thats sort of where we see the growth. But, we would expect to grow in every region.
Chris Parkinson: And just a quick follow-up, quickly on pest elimination, youve seen some solid organic growth and also made a few smaller acquisitions. Can you quickly reiterate or give additional commentary around your long-term strategy with enterprise selling, any geographic opportunities as well as the larger M&A landscape?
Doug Baker: Yes. The pest business, I mean, I would say that team continues to do a great job executing and delivering value for customers. We are getting paid for it. Their growth is upper single-digit, 8% in Q4, which is good. If you recall maybe four or five years ago we were at the very low single-digits. And were getting called out regularly what the heck is going in pest, and I think the team has done a terrific job driving organic sales growth. We did make a recent acquisition. It improves our ability to serve the F&B segment. So, that will enable us to drive even more value into that segment when you start coupling it with the water and F&B technology that I discussed before. Its a very attractive segment for the pest business as well, because it drives real value there and theyre big units. So, they are efficient, if you will, for delivering pest services. So, all thats positive. Our strategy going forward, weve always said we really like this business, run well. Its a very high return business. The only way to ruin a high return business is to go make a lot of overpriced acquisitions. And so, thats the one mistake we wont make. We love to make acquisitions in this area. You just got to be disciplined that you dont end up overpaying because its sort of a sin you cant recover from. There are huge expansion opportunities. We are doing some of the Greenfield in the absence of acquisition targets. There are some things that we think might come onto the market in future and we will take a deep look at those. And if we can buy them at a price that makes sense, we would love to do it.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Hamzah Mazari with Macquarie Group.
Hamzah Mazari: The first question is just if you could just give us an update, how big is your corporate client base? And specifically you had talked about circling the customer a few investor days ago. Just curious, how many of these customers are subscribing to the entire product suite? Is there still room or opportunity there?
Doug Baker: Look, we have all these different businesses and its all a different number for every business. We dont typically have like a single enterprise number for what corporate accounts represent. Many of our businesses, its the majority because its the nature of the industry. F&B has obviously been historically dominated by large players, think soft drinks, think beer increasingly in other areas, think QSR, fast food, et cetera. And so, it comprises a significant portion of our sales. If you look at it in total, you could easily triple the sales to that segment. If you sold them everything, we have to offer where we have to offer it. So, whenever, I say that, people say, well, that must mean youve done a terrible job in the past circling the customer. And Id say, I dont think thats a fair read of that stat. What it really implies is two things. I think, we have continued to drive successfully circle the customer strategies. If you go back to the commentary I had earlier in terms of how were approaching the F&B business with the water technologies, F&B and even pest, and thats been quite successful. But, we also simultaneously have been adding to the total price by expanding our market opportunity. I think, its one of the smart things that we do as a company, weve done historically is we expand before we need to, so we dont run into walls, like growth walls, run out of growth. So, we have significant opportunity in front of us. If you told me all we could do is sell the existing customers, I would tell you we continue to grow like we are. I would also tell you, its a strategic mistake, because it takes pressure off our competition. So, I think you need to do both, if youre going to be a successful company and thats how we view it.
Hamzah Mazari: Just a follow-up question on capital allocation. One, you didnt buy any stock back in Q4. How are you thinking about repurchases going forward? And then, along the same lines on capital allocation, how important is a chemical sale process for you guys around M&A? Swisher didnt really have one, but deals in the did. So, just any thoughts on capital allocation, specifically buybacks and M&A?
Doug Baker: Well, yes, I would say, look, we look at acquisitions to do a variety of things for us and they have in the past and will in the future. Well bring in technology that we think will be useful, leverage across the platform, we buy sometimes competitors and markets that we dont have a large footprint to give us a head start. And so, yes, I mean, we like companies that have chemical platforms; I would say, Swisher actually did. Swisher -- the business really we bought was a similar warewash business. We sold the restroom business and got out of that, because that wasnt what was attractive to us as we went forward. In terms of share buyback, we didnt make any purchases in Q4, because we made the purchases early in the year. It wasnt anything more. We tend to have a budget or expected spend level in share repurchase, we had reached it, and we reached it earlier in the year. We count on our share price appreciating throughout the year. So, its typically cheaper early as we go. We also did a lot of M&A in the fourth quarter, which was a -- in our minds, our preferred use of cash as we go. So, I mean, its a variety of things.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of P.J. Juvekar with Citigroup.
Scott Goldstein: Hi. This is Scott on for P.J. Thanks for taking my question. So, maybe just looking at your outlook for raw material inflation in first half. What are your expectations for caustic soda specifically and are there any other raw materials that youre keeping your eye on?
Doug Baker: Id say, based on todays price itll go up, caustic. Look, we go raw-by-raw-by-raw, and ours is a big basket of products that we buy. I mean, its over 10,000 specific products. So, its tough to keep track of everyone individually, although there are few that we pull out and watch. So, here is our expectation. I would say, the peak we believe is in Q1. Its a significant headwind in Q1, stepped up from Q4. And so, while originally in the third quarter we thought that there would be a spike in Q4 and it would abate; it did not. So, in fact, its gotten stronger. You guys all see this, its plenty of public and data around these facts. We believe that it starts to moderate but not go down, moderate in terms of increase moving into Q2 and Q3. And then potentially, you might see a decrease in Q4. Let me say, we arent betting our year on it, because right now, every time we forecast moderation in price, it seems like we get the opposite effect. So, were starting to hope for higher prices, maybe it will have the unintended consequence, but thats how we see it. So, its real, were pricing for it, were out there. The environment is inflationary on a number of fronts. Inflation, historically, we complain about it but its been more a frame than a foe. And weve got to do what weve got to go do. And I would say, the businesses are getting the price that we need to continue to keep pace and ultimately completely offset the inflation we foresee.
Scott Goldstein: If I could just get a follow-up then. So, going back to institutional, when you are looking at improvement by year-end in that business, can you point to any market segment, like full service restaurants, lodging or long-term care where you think you can execute better or any of those market segments that youre more excited about than the others?
Doug Baker: Yes. I would say, our lodging business has been strong, remains strong, and we are forecasting continues to be so. I think where we see because of the warewash launch and the focus, we would expect that our full service restaurant business improve. And thats what well see because its a larger segment where we will see probably the best pick up. Long-term care represents a great opportunity. They are obviously everywhere you turn, new long-term facilities going up. Thats another area that will get increased focus, but I dont think its going to be a prime driver in 2018. Thats more in out years.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Mike Harrison with Seaport Global Securities.
Mike Harrison: Going back to response about the change in the raw material inflation rate, you guys updated your Q1 guidance, you increased it by a penny. Just trying to kind of parse out if you are seeing higher raws, what changed in the underlying view on Q1 in the past few weeks that was a positive offset to the raw material inflation?
Doug Baker: Well, I mean, the simple answer on Q1 is where halfway through. So, you start having more confidence that your forecast for any number of things are accurate, simply because youve just taken the risk of time and its been reduced. Catalysts are our SAP implementation; were now whatever 10 days into it. So, you know a lot in the first week and you learn a lot, honestly a lot in the first day i.e. does it work. And so, those questions have been answered. Were quite confident, it would, but now, we dont have to be confident in the future. We can be confident in whats already transpired. On raw materials, you get to a point where it just says less time to have a huge impact on the quarter as you go through, both internationally because a different convention and in the United States, even though it impacts faster, youre just running out of time, and you start seeing your pricing take hold. So we had a clear forecast, we had clear trends, but you still have to get people to accept the price and put it in and ship them at that price. And so, all those things led to, I would say, greater degree of confidence that we would be moving up the range, and led us to move the forecast and signal that risk is kind of moving away. And the good things that we thought would transpire are transpiring as we go through here. But just to give you a flavor, I mean, raws, in this quarter like a 14% headwind. So, were going to do we believe double digit, at the mid-point, but its not like in this benign environment. People want to talk about tax, all right. Well, Ill give up a whole year of tax in one quarter on raws. So, it sort of misses the broader picture. Now, were more than covering that with pricing also year-on-year. So, were not crying in our soup over this, but we are -- theres real work, the teams have done it, weve done in the past. So, theres real I think reason to believe, but its just to give you the type of level that were talking about.
Mike Harrison: And then, on the energy business, I think, youve been reluctant in the past to talk about the operating leverage that youre expecting in 2018 or OI growth relative to sales growth in the segment. So, with a view toward mid to upper single digit top line growth in 2018 and now that youve left some of the headwinds around compensation and the other factors that you talked about, what sort of margin improvements or OI growth is factored into the energy business in your guidance for 2018?
Doug Baker: Yes. We would expect to see OI margin leverage improved for the year, probably starting mid-year, Q2 maybe earliest, but certainly in the second half. I would think in like, probably this year we cover maybe 100 basis points of margin type expectation.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tim Mulrooney with William Blair.
Tim Mulrooney: Good afternoon. The water segment has inflected into stronger growth territory lately, I mean the year I think at 5%, which is really above what weve seen over the last several years. So, I guess, my question is how sustainable is that as we look into 2018 and beyond? Im curious how you think about this business in terms of a long-term growth trajectory?
Doug Baker: Yes. Our expectation for the water business, particularly the core light and heavy water would be to continue to accelerate that business more in line with the 6% to 8% expectation and so, move up this year from 5% to 6% as we go forward. Paper, we do not see and nor have we in the 5% to 6% range, but we see paper is a consistent, steady, low single digit grower that could continue through technology and a number of great initiatives, continue to enhance its margin as it enhances its ability to help customers make more money. And so, thats where the paper business fits. The big sea change that will occur for water is really the China business. And as we come out from under some of the challenges that the paper -- or the water business, particularly the heavy business had in China, Ill think youll see that flow through and start driving faster growth globally.
Tim Mulrooney: And my follow-up is back on the institutional division. You kind of broke down by each segment what you expect, long-term care, theres a long-term opportunity there, lodging continues to be strong you said. So, you expect to see the improvement on the full service restaurant side, which was good to hear. Im just curious what gives you confidence to be able to say that for 2018. Is it more of a -- well, youve been making these investments since the back half of 2017, so its more of an internal improvement or the external environment is improving, any additional color there would be helpful. Thanks, Doug.
Doug Baker: I would say two things. I mean, as we look at this market, theres a lot of conversation about unit loss et cetera. But, the unit loss really isnt in the sweet spot of our market. If you look at full service restaurant chains and/or QSR chains, both had unit growth last year, albeit quite modest, but not down. The decline in units has really been in the independent segments of both QSR and full service restaurants. And I would say, this is bolstered by our own internal data when we look at loss figures, i.e. how much sales did we lose year-on-year? And this is one of the metrics that we track closely for decades. Were at really record low levels of lost business. And our losses include bankruptcies and closures. And so, I dont know if an Outback closes a unit that would show up in our lost column, even though we had nothing to do with it, quote unquote. And so, to look at the levels we are in losses, I would say, also say the ground were on is much firmer I think than people think. We look at it as ground upon which we can get more purchase, I mean, in terms of forward momentum. And thats why we have confidence too. Weve already started instituting these plans so were starting to see them bear fruit. So, its not -- I mean thats why we think Q4 was better than Q3. Its the specific sales events and sales efforts and why were confident weve already got right some data you might imagine in Q1, sitting here in the middle of the quarter. So its all those factors that lead us to believe well be able to do better there. Its a big business. It doesnt go down fast and it doesnt go up fast. We are running in the U.S. at 6%, not very long ago, you sort of saw a steady degradation of sales but went down to really probably realistically 2 to 3% at its low point which I would have called Q3 and started moving out. But it doesnt, its not going to snap back, its going to take some time to rebuild its momentum but the teams on it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research.
Dmitry Silversteyn: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Id like to follow up on your comments about China and specifically how the impact of the governments tightening environmental regulation is playing in your industry? In other words, are you seeing more benefits from some of your competitors perhaps being pushed out of the market as a result of this? Or is this a little bit of headwind as some of the manufacturing facilities where you may be supplying that heavy industry water treatment products that are slowing you down? So, can you talk about sort of whats going on in China with their manufacturing footprint reduction across the industries and how its impacting Ecolab?
Doug Baker: I call this one of these classic things. Overall, this is a great thing. I think, its a great thing for the world. I think, its ultimately a great thing and a smart thing for China. And it will be a good thing for Ecolab. But, theres like adjustment period to get through, which is a period we are in. So, I think, you cited a lot of, Dmitry, its what we are seeing. So, we have some customers that are being shut down who cant make the transition to the new regulations, loss business. We have other customers who can make it, who are buying better technology and paying more money, so thats a plus. And then we also see what I would say is some supply disruption globally in the chemical industry, which has led to some, at least justification, whether its real or not for price increases and were seeing that in raw materials. Because a lot of what I would call substandard chemical producing plants have been shut down as well. Now, that stuff ends and the good news flows for the long-term, i.e., standards are going to be raised, people are going to need to do more and meet to new regulatory environment. China, when they decide to do something, gets quite serious about it, and has been quite successful in driving new standards. So, first, we see a lot in the power industry there. There is real pressure. They need to go meet these regulatory requirements in very short order. And so, we are having very important conversations there and we want to find ways that we can go and set the players to move up the scale. That will likely translate into higher spend with us. So thats the good part. So, I dont mind the short-term pain, because I think long-term, this is exactly the type of move we hope for in China ultimately.
Dmitry Silversteyn: And then, just a follow-up on your comments around cleaning and sanitizing, you came out of 2017 at very low single digit growth outside of foreign exchange. And it sounds like -- and I just want to clarify that it sounds like you are not going to look for much to change maybe in the first half of the year but with all the efforts that you made and with a little firmer foot that you are referring to, we should see some pickup in the back half of the year and then look for that maybe low to mid single digit growth in 2019 and beyond. Is that the right way to think about cleaning and sanitizing over the near to mid-term?
Doug Baker: Dmitry, what segment were you talking about?
Dmitry Silversteyn: The institutional, the cleaning and sanitizing portion of institutional, sort of your largest part of...
Doug Baker: Yes. No, I am not that bearish. I would say, -- here is that what I would say. We would not define last year as not a good year for institutional. It grew, it didnt shrink. We dont think we lost share or anything else but we didnt grow the way we except to. We started to see improvement. And we believe we bottomed in Q3, if you want us to try to call it, and started seeing improvement in Q4 versus Q3. And what we forecast is we would expect to see the similar, maybe even a little better improvement Q1 versus Q4. So, no, we dont believe this is like hanging out at his low-level. But, what Im trying to also suggest is its a big business, it doesnt snap back quickly. What youll see is sort of continued modest improvement sequentially quarter-by-quarter to the point where we believe well leave the year in that area at about a 5% run rate. Hopefully, we can get there sooner, but thats the most realistic forecast that weve got right now.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Andrew Wittmann with Robert W. Baird.
Andrew Wittmann: I have couple of questions here, probably for Dan actually. Dan, I was looking at the guidance that you gave for the first quarter and for the year. It all makes sense, but the one line item here is interest expense, its up sequentially in first quarter. You guys did some refinancing that lowered the overall interest expense. So, just trying to understand why the interest expense guidance appears a little bit high, and if theres anything in there that we should be aware of, maybe CapEx or something thats running higher than historical levels, things like that?
Dan Schmechel: Yes. I really think that it is just primarily rate driven, okay. So, we saw this pretty significant step down in interest expense between 2016 and 2017, despite the fact that our debt balances were up, thats largely the impact, okay, of increasing our exposure to euro borrowing. Part of that was related to the Anios financing and part of that was just increasing our exposure through the swap market. But year-on-year, although our debt balance remains about the same, what youre seeing incrementally is really is rate driven. So, were not in an entirely fixed position in terms of our debt portfolio.
Andrew Wittmann: And then, maybe just as a follow-up, Dan, youve got an accounting change on revenue recognition here in 2018; in some of your prepared comments you referred to it a little bit. I was just wondering if you want to give us a little bit more detail as what we should expect from that -- how its going to appear between gross margins and SG&A margins for us as analysts. And maybe, is there any benefit to the actual revenue dollars that will be reported? Weve seen other companies that have actually had benefit to the revenue from the new recognition standard?
Dan Schmechel: So, maybe just for sort of general benefit, explaining kind of whats driving this revenue recognition thing, so were now required to split from both a sales and a cost of sales reporting, those portions of our revenues that are tied directly to products and then the portion that we think -- or what we estimate to be backed primarily by service. And so, just Ill kind of take your questions in sequence, if I could. So, from a P&L and geography perspective, the first thing that youll note is a reduction in our gross margin of about 5 percentage points, which will be offset by reduction in our SG&A ratio of about 5 percentage points. And so, no real -- no impact at the operating income margin line. Whats driving that reduction in gross margin is really a restatement of expense from SG&A, so think about where the cost of the service currently resides, a lot of it is currently in SG&A and that will be pumped up to the cost of sales. And so thats going to really drive this 5 percentage point gross margin reduction, but sort of net to operating income from revenue recognition at operating income it will be equal. We will actually be -- so this is a little bit ahead of the game. Well be showing the full reconciliation and restatement in April ahead of our Q1 earnings, but we actually expect to see a very small reduction to reported sales as a result of revenue recognition. Because if you think about -- we invoice at the product level, if you think about typical ship and bill arrangements where shipments laid in the period, we havent actually performed the service yet, and so there is going to be a drag that we estimate and it will be restated for both years of about a penny to 2017 into 2018. The other big accounting change thats out there, just maybe to round up the conversation is on pension. And here -- so there is -- we are required now to split the results of our pension into two pieces. So, the expense, which is, I would think about that as the annual expense or people accruing pension benefit, will continue to be a component of operating expense. But, the result of the earnings on the pension portfolio, were now going to go below operating income, the net of that will be a reduction of about 50 basis points to our reported operating income ratio, again, all restated.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Just a question also for Dan. Dan, it looks like the guidance is assuming at the midpoint somewhere around close to 100 basis points of margin expansion. Could you talk about some of the components that are going to drive that especially since there are so many tough comparisons in the first half of the year with raw materials?
Dan Schmechel: Well, I think, as Dough pretty clearly indicated, we feel good about our pricing program and our efforts to continue to drive pricing to cover the higher impact of raw materials. There is as always growth in the business, will continue to drive some degree of SG&A leverage as well as other leverage across our supply chain cost structure, at least part of which is fixed. There is always cost savings in there too. Weve been quite aggressive in 2017 on cost savings programs, which will drive an annualization next year. But the biggest driver expect to be the continued benefits of pricing versus raw materials through the year, plus volume leverage I would say.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: And then, just as a follow-up on that, based on the acquisitions to-date, how much acquisition revenue do you expect to have in 2018, and if you can kind of net that on the Equipment Care divestiture just so we get a way to understand it net-net debt?
Dan Schmechel: Relative to the Equipment Care piece, its almost immaterial. If you think about Anios being the big deal; that was done so early in 2017 that the annualization is going to be minimal and the rest of them are not going to be big revenue drivers.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Going back to the raw materials, can you give us a feel for what the hit was in 2017 on a per share basis and what are your expectations for 2018 of the timing, magnitude?
Doug Baker: Two seconds, were adding numbers.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Sure. So, while you are adding numbers, I was wondering, in terms of pest, you mentioned your interest in getting additional acquisitions as long as they are in line with what you are willing to pay and makes sense, would, after the -- Im not so sure how to phrase it, after the fiasco with ChemLaw; I just really didnt find the right word; after the fiasco with ChemLaw, would you consider that going into the consumer household type of pest elimination? And I am thinking Terminix, to make it clear?
Doug Baker: Yes. So, I will answer. I think, what weve said is our focus has been and continues to be on the away from home markets. Its I think, the decision that was made honestly before I got to the Company to focus in these areas, has proved to be a very wise one. And so, while were quite successful here, we dont believe that necessarily translates to success in residential or consumer in terms of -- so even in the pest area, given part our circle, the customer strategy, building on our knowhow, we prefer staying where we are. So that would be how I would think about our focus going forward. Back to your earlier question, last year in 2017, raws were, call it plus-minus $0.37, in this year, its probably another $0.30. But, the vast majority are like almost half of that $0.30 year-on-year hits in Q1.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Okay. And so, if I look at 2017, by the fourth quarter, you had recovered at least on a run rate basis, the full $0.37, and then, [indiscernible] in addition to?
Doug Baker: No, I mean, we really started seeing white, I mean, it was like $100,000, Im being a little facetious, between pricing and raw material increase in Q3 for the first time. It was underwater and dilutive on an EPS basis in the first half of last year, neutral, really Im just talking not margin, Im talking EPS, neutral in Q3, and then slightly accretive in Q4. Q1, were going to be back to just barely accretive on an EPS basis, is our expectation because we think pricing will be just a nose above raw material on an absolute dollar basis, but we start seeing increasing daylight as we go throughout the year. And thats not because we see raws falling but its because pricing continues to build and raws are running against the base last year where it increased really in late first quarter and more in the second and third quarters.
Rosemarie Morbelli: So, if I understand properly, while you will have that impact of $0.30 from raws, its not going to affect your EPS by $0.30 because you will be offsetting it with price increases, am I thinking about it
Doug Baker: Yes, most definitely, its yes. So, Rosemarie, I mean, our -- this is all incorporated in our forecasts which is for double-digit EPS. So, yes, were more than offsetting it with pricing as we go throughout the year. Its just -- weve gone through these periods. It goes benign for a few years in and then you have typically a two-year, fairly steep run up in raw material prices, started in late 2004 and 2005, and then we had another one in 2007, 2008 period and then 2011 and 2012 et cetera. So, were in just another one of these periods. Weve handled them. But, they do have near-term impact on the business. And were just trying to get all the transparency. I think, the team is doing a good job, well cover it. And I think well come out of 2018 in a strong position.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Okay, great. And if I may ask one last question, you gave us Q1 as a range of $0.85 to $0.93 but lets say its up 6% to 16%. But in your remarks Doug, you mentioned double digit growth for every quarter on the EPS basis. So, what would need to happen and what would you be unhappy to see in order to not reach that 10% growth in the first quarter?
Doug Baker: Well, I mean at this point, I mean, the midpoint implies double digit. And so, midpoint is not loss on either. And so, what could happen that could knock you off? We could have a problem with our SAP system. I dont think it would be a problem that would be an ongoing problem but could be a problem that costs you money in the quarter. You could have some huge roll up that we dont -- run up that we dont forecast on raw materials, itd have to happen pretty quick. It could happen. And we could end up not hitting our sales forecast. So, I mean, there of course is risk here and then theres upside as a consequence, which is why we have a range as we go through here. But, its any number of those things. Thats life in the business world. So, were giving our best forecast. And my expectation is, were going to do everything we can to go deliver at least at the midpoint in the range. We always like to be at the upper side but we give you a range and thats what Id focus on.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is coming from the line of Dan Dolev with Nomura.
Dan Dolev: Hey. Thank you for taking my question. Just so I understand, given the discussion about the accounting, the 47 to 48% gross margin guidance for the year that is apples to apples with fiscal 17, correct?
Dan Schmechel: Yes. Thats correct. As I indicated earlier. Well do the full restatement in April ahead of the release of the quarter.
Dan Dolev: Got it. And then, sort of related to that, if I go back to kind of your legacy business in 2005, when raws were very high, you had about a 100 basis points gross margin drag and the snap back was about 30. If I go to Nalco it was even worse and the snap back took longer. I mean, youre kind of implying 70 basis points of gross margin improvement for the year. Why is it different this time, especially given the more muted inflation versus kind of the last decade? Thank you.
Doug Baker: I dont know, I mean, this is a two-year raw material cycle. So, I would just say, Im not sure if its really materially different. I think, the water business and energy business, I mean, are in a different cycle than they were at that time, but theyre both much better equipped now to go deal with this pricing environment than they were in 04, 05. 04, 05 was the first time really raws had meaningfully moved for almost any of us on this piece of chemical business in like 20 years. And all of us had to go figure out how were going to develop the new pricing capabilities and all the rest. And I would say, it was one of the things that we did quite successfully. I think, if you looked at Nalcos history, they were much better in the 08 period and captured a lot of that run up and then even better in the 11 and 12 period, and that was a period at which we were looking right to buy. And so, we did a lot of studying of their capability. So, I dont know that its materially different. You just got a two-year pretty powerful cycle. We are on it. We are going to catch up. I dont think there is -- I am quite confident we will end up recouping margin, not just dollar with our pricing.
Dan Dolev: On the Equipment Care, would you be able to quantify the margin uptick from the divesture?
Doug Baker: Yes. I dont -- its not, I mean, Equipment Care was like 3% of that total business, and its the one that at zero margin. So, immaterial. Its not going to be -- it wont hit the rounding.
Operator: Thank you. I would like to turn the floor back to Mr. Monahan for closing remarks.
Mike Monahan: Thank you. That wraps up our fourth quarter conference call. Before we end, I want to mention that we will hold our tour of the booth at the NRA Show on May 21, Chicago. This conference call and the associated discussion and slides will be available for replay on our website. So, thank you very much for your time and participation, and best wishes for the rest of the day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes todays teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-31 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc. Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc. Daniel J. Schmechel - Ecolab, Inc.
Analysts: Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc. John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Scott Goldstein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Daniel Rizzo - Jefferies LLC David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Tim M. Mulrooney - William Blair & Co. LLC Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC Justin P. Hauke - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company Dan Dolev - Instinet LLC Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Ecolab third quarter 2017 earnings release conference call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mike Monahan, Senior Vice President of External Relations. Thank you, Mr. Monahan, you may now begin.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's third quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO; and Dan Schmechel, our CFO. A discussion of our results along with our earnings release and the slides referencing the quarter's results and our outlook are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements on these materials, stating that this teleconference, the discussion and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Form 10-K under item 1A, risk factors, and in our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with a brief overview of the quarter, Ecolab's underlying sales and profit fundamentals continued to improve through the third quarter and we are building momentum as we finish 2017. Continued pricing and new business gains drove third quarter acquisition-adjusted fixed currency sales growth in all our business segments despite the unfavorable impact of hurricanes in North America. The sales gains along with product innovation and ongoing cost efficiency work more than offset higher delivered product costs. These along with our work to lower interest expense and our tax rate as well as fewer shares outstanding yielded the third quarter 7% adjusted earnings per share increase. Moving to some highlights from the quarter, and as discussed in our press release, on an adjusted basis, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax item from both years, third quarter 2017 adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.37. Hurricane related impacts on sales and costs were estimated to be a negative $0.04 per share in the third quarter, representing a 3 percentage point reduction in our EPS growth. Consolidated acquisition-adjusted fixed currency sales rose for all of our business segments. Europe and Asia Pacific led the regional growth. Absent the impact of the hurricanes, acquisition-adjusted fixed currency operating margin declined an estimated 20 basis points as price and volume increases were more than offset by the margin impact of higher delivered product costs in the quarter. Absent the impact of the hurricanes, acquisition-adjusted fixed currency operating income is estimated to have increased 3%. The operating income gain along with lower interest expense, a lower tax rate, and fewer shares outstanding yielded a 7% increase in third quarter 2017 adjusted diluted earnings per share. We continue to aggressively work to drive our growth, winning new business through our innovative new products and sales and service expertise, as well is driving pricing and cost efficiencies to grow our top and bottom lines at improved rates. We also continue to see underlying sales volume and pricing improve across most of our business segments and look for that to more than offset continued delivered product cost headwinds and yield stronger operating income growth. We expect fourth quarter fixed currency sales to rise in the 5% to 6% range with net income increasing more than 10% as improved sales momentum and stronger pricing drive results and more than offset higher delivered product costs. Adjusted diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the $1.35 to $1.45 range, up 8% to 16%. Hurricane related impacts are estimated to be a negative $0.04 per share in the fourth quarter and the loss of Equipment Care income will reduce earnings per share by an estimated $0.01 per share. Together, these represent an estimated 4 percentage point headwind to fourth quarter EPS growth. Reflecting the impact of the hurricanes and higher delivered product costs, we've tightened our full-year adjusted diluted earnings per share forecast to the $4.65 to $4.75 per share range in 2017, rising 6% to 9%. We expect the impact of the hurricanes on full-year sales and costs will be approximately a negative $0.08 per share, and the Equipment Care sale to reduce income by $0.01 per share. We do not expect 2017 hurricanes to have a meaningful impact on 2018 results. In summary, we see momentum improving in our business. We expect to deliver strong adjusted diluted EPS growth in 2017 and we look for our investments and actions to drive better growth ahead. And now here's Doug Baker with some comments.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Thank you, Mike. As I look at Q3, I would highlight three key takeaways. Number one, our business fundamentals are improving. Our new business, innovation and pricing discipline are showing up in the numbers. Pricing is improving in all segments as we covered the absolute raw material increase in Q3 and expect to exceed in Q4 which will begin our margin rebuild. And our volume is also forecast to increase. It is regaining its natural path in Q4 as well. Institutional was the exception, point number two. If you cut through the clutter, Institutional is growing at 3% globally and 3% to 4% in North America, which is better than it looks but still way under potential and our expectations. In short, the U.S. environment in particular requires more offense. Unit growth in same-store sales in full and casual dining are weak. To increase offensive capability, we are adding additional sales positions, launching new platforms in warewashing and laundry to drive new unit sales, and refocusing the field on large category penetration opportunities to help drive same-store sales. We anticipate these steps, which are already starting to lead to improvements, will improve Q4 versus Q3 modestly but drive continued improvement throughout 2018. Finally, the third takeaway is that overall results have been on a steady improvement path all year. The fundamentals are winning, and we expect to leave the year with very strong momentum. We have sales momentum. We forecast in Q4 organic sales to be 5%, fixed currency sales to be 5% to 6%, reported sales to be 6% to 7%. We have margin momentum. Pricing will continue to accelerate in all sectors including energy which we forecast to have positive pricing in Q4 too. We have earnings momentum. We forecast double-digit net income growth in Q4 as well as double-digit EPS with a 12% midpoint. Be 13% if you exclude the divestiture of our Equipment Care business. So clearly Q4 is a notable improvement, but the most important news is the momentum driving Q4 results positions us well to deliver Ecolab-like results in 2018. So with that, I will hand it back to Mike.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: Thanks, Doug. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, would you please begin the question-and-answer period?
Operator: Our first question is from the line of Gary Bisbee with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. Doug, I guess the first question, I appreciate the positive commentary on improvement ex the hurricanes this quarter and more to show up next quarter, but I guess I continue to struggle. It's been like 18 months now that you've been talking about improving bookings trends and it's just been stubbornly slow to work its way into revenue. What's going on there? And I guess can you say anything other than what you've said so far to help our confidence that this is actually going to materialize going forward?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes, I don't know that I'm going to go rehash all the stuff that we went through in 2015-2016. I think though in 2017, it's been pretty clear that we've had improvement on a going basis on fixed currency sales. I mean, they were 2% in Q1, 5% in Q2, 5% in Q3, and they're 5% to 6% forecast in Q4. And if you look at rounding, I mean, we're moving up in the right direction. It's a bigger business. This business always, it's very sticky once you sell it. It does not ramp up quickly in almost any environment, never has. And so we are starting to see traction take hold. The call-out I made on Institutional was it's a place honestly where we haven't seen the same traction we would have expected and I would call that mostly the result of a tougher than anticipated environment, which isn't an excuse, because we have tons of share opportunity in the U.S. as well, which is what we really have to get after and get on. So short of Institutional, I would say you're seeing clearly signs of improving business. In Institutional, we've been a little bit on a hold, but we think we've got the traction moving there too.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And I guess just to follow up on that point, some of the things like the new warewashing and laundry platforms you talked about in September at the Investor Day, but this increase in head count and some of the other things you mentioned about the focus on penetration, seems to be new. So did something change in the last couple of months that made you acknowledge, hey, this isn't going the way we want? Or is this just not something you discussed there but that had already been underway? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: No, I would say part of it was we were talking about it there but had not decided to go do some of these things. And I mean, the fact is the institutional market in U.S. isn't giving as it used to. You used to naturally acquire new unit expansion as a result of having the chain business. They're not adding units. We used to have better same-store sales as a result of traffic. We don't have traffic. And so you got to acknowledge a market you are in, not the market you hope for. And so as a consequence, we know we got to up the offense, and we're doing it. Now we've been here before. I would say if you go back to the early 2000s, there's probably a two-year period  unfortunately it was when I took over  where we were stagnant as well and growing at about the 1% and 2% in U.S. institutional. And so we upped our offense. We did a number of moves. I would say the things that we're launching now are digitally enabled and will allow us to capture a lot of the information that we're already securing but get it to the cloud which will allow us to do more for customers, which I think ultimately leads to more business. Those are the new platforms we're launching. So I just think this is a little bit of a relook at how this market's actually performing and what do we need to do to succeed in the given market.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: OK, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Quealy with Canaccord. Please proceed with your questions.
John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: : Hi, good afternoon. The first question, can you talk about the impact on price across all segments and SKUs? Has everyone that can catch up at this point caught up? And then a part of that is when do the delivered comps get easier on the price point? That's the first question. Thanks.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes, I would say from pricing, I mean, in total, we are north of 1% in Q3. Expect that to expand by basis points going into Q4 but the expansion's across the board. As I mentioned, Energy will be positive on pricing in Q4. It was nominally under last year in Q3, so we kind of crossed the threshold there as well, which is the last segment to cross it. In terms of raw materials, raw materials started moving against us last year fairly early, really at the very end of Q4, if you will, a year ago and into first quarter. So as the year goes on, the base gets easier.
John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: : Okay, thanks. And my last question, on the Paper business, I think it's been at least in our eyes a pretty good run, 36 months plus of growth there and then maybe hurricane excluded growth may be a percent or rounding up to a percent this quarter. Can you talk about big picture around cyclical versus secular in Paper? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes, I mean, the Paper business, frankly, is doing well everywhere but in China. And China, we, I would say, are starting to bottom out in Paper, but we've not performed as we should have in China, and that's really clouding the results in all other regions. China is not going to be a long story because we're getting to a point where it can't be. But we've retooled, we're putting a lot of emphasis on technical competency, we're launching new technology which had been delayed there and doing a number of other steps. I recall China more upside at this point than downside. So I think you're going see Paper stabilize and start moving up or accelerating sales. I mean, it's growing, just not growing very quickly.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Sure. As the Energy business recovers in 2018, what's the likely range of incremental margins that you're planning for? I know this year has had some compensation rebuild, the raw material pressures, etc. Just wondering the underlying margin potential of that business?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes, David, I mean, we're not going to get into real specific details on 2018 in the call. I would expect, this year we said it was going to be plus/minus on OI and low to mid single-digit growth, and that's really what we're seeing for the year and forecasting for Energy. Next year, I would expect growth to be nominally better and it would be on the plus side on income, so it will be accretive. And we aren't really going into detail of how much. We'll do that in the call at the first quarter when we typically give our detailed 2018 forecast.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just a quick numbers question. On the Equipment Care divestiture, what is the estimated after-tax proceeds? And then the margins of the Pest business on a stand-alone basis, for modeling going forward?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Neither of those we've disclosed nor plan to. I think as we move forward,-- Pest margin was obviously certainly north of the Equipment margin. So this is not dilutive to margins.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes. Thank you. Good afternoon, gentlemen. You touched on the pricing in another question, but I was wondering looking ahead, like we saw this quarter, I guess, where your pricing offset your increases in the raws. Should we continue to expect that going into 2018, or is there anything else you would call out, whether it lapses or anything as we think about the cadence into the year?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes, we have historically talked about our pricing philosophy to be try to recapture absolute increase in year one and recapture margin in year two. Obviously, you got to recapture roughly double the increase in raw material absolute dollars in pricing to recapture margin. And we tend to do this over a period of time, call it six to eight quarters. And I think that's exactly what you're seeing. So we're saying we crossed the threshold. Even though we had a little spike in raw materials in Q3, we still were able to cover absolute dollar. I mean, like almost exactly via what we saw from pricing in absolute dollars and paid out in raw material increases. Q4, as I mentioned, we will have daylight where pricing exceeds raw material increase at that point in time. We were obviously below in Q1 and Q2. So what I would expect to see is that delta, the positive delta, continue to widen as we go on because, one, we've got to kind of pay back what we invested in the first half; and two, that's how we recover margin. So I think that'd be a steady increase in that delta over the next three, four quarters.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. And then just on tax reform, I understand you're dealing with 140 characters or less, but I think in the past you talked about 28% maybe being the breakeven tax rate for you guys on corporate tax reform. Was just wondering if you had any updated views there?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, I mean, the simple answer right now they seem to be very focused on 20%. And 20% almost assuming its territorial and the like, which is what they've been contemplating, would be fine for us. Would not be a negative.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Roberts with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Doug, on Equipment Care divestment, was the inability to wrap Equipment Care into the circle, the customer strategy, the primary reason for moving on with that effort?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: I guess. Look, the Equipment Care was a good business. We didn't always run it that way, but obviously we drove substantial improvement over the last five to six years. I would really say at the heart of it when we looked at how we're going to drive Food Safety, how did we want to invest in digital, where do we really want to put our money, and where was the upside for us? Equipment Care as we looked at our portfolio increasingly became the odd man out, and if we're not going to be fully on the gas in a business, then we probably be best not to own that business. So we thought to see if we could find an owner who we thought would be better for the business long-term, and I think we found one. So that's the best explanation. I mean, we had sold it in circle bundles and other things successfully, but it's a bit of a different model, which I think the new owner understands. Leverage is tougher in that business than it is in our other businesses for us, and we want to focus on businesses that are more like our core model than not.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: And then could you talk about the Specialty Paper chemical unit you acquired in the quarter, and I think there's a more commodity part of Paper that's water chemicals. Is that core long-term? And now that you've bought something else in Paper, does it make it more core long-term and more commodity part?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes. I wouldn't overread or underread. I mean it was to us a smart acquisition. It put us in, it's really technology that's in the growing part of that industry. It's not a huge acquisition. I think sales were $40 million the prior  in the base year. So it just, we thought, positioned us better to do what we're doing in Paper. We're going to invest in that business and continue to invest in it. We've substantially improved the business since we've been operating it, and we plan to continue to do just that and this particular acquisition increased our positioning in the fastest-growing piece of that market.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Goldstein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. This is Scott Goldstein on for P.J. So maybe going back to the growth initiatives. Are you looking to add to your sales force to target any particular market segment or is it more broad-based? That's the first question.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes. No, we're, I would say in most businesses  the exception right now, Energy, we don't have significant adds in this year  but in almost all the other businesses, we've added, albeit not huge numbers. In particular we've been adding corporate account resources in three of our major business because as we looked at and analyzed opportunities, we felt we had too few people to get after new opportunities because the existing business base was commanding most of their time.
Scott Goldstein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. And follow-up is, can you maybe give more details around the penetration optimization program that you're using to stimulate same-store sales?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes. I mean, what happens in Institutional is, I would say there's rhythms over time or rhythms. And we've introduced a number of categories to extend our line, which is a time-tested and honored way that we grow our business. But over a period of time, it can also lead to a little lack of focus on the largest categories. And so what we want to make sure we're doing is focusing everybody's attention on the most important categories, in this case in a restaurant. And that we make sure we drive penetration in those areas. Our penetration hasn't declined, but it hasn't been increasing as we would expect it to over a period, so we need to reemphasize it. And I would say importantly in Institutional, our challenge is really accelerating growth. We do not have a defensive challenge. Our account losses are at historic lows so it's not that we're losing business, it's not that we're losing penetration, it's just that we aren't having the same offensive impact that's required to grow that business, in part because the market's not giving what it used to, so we're going to have to do it ourselves.
Scott Goldstein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Daniel Rizzo - Jefferies LLC: Hi. This is Dan Rizzo on for Laurence. You mentioned technology as part of the most recent acquisition. I was just wondering if will technology be or improving technology, will that be a growing part of your focus when you're thinking about doing future M&A?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes, I would say it's historically been one of the focus areas. So when we buy a business or a company, we're looking to create some advantage for the company, meaning we just don't want to get bigger, we want to get better at the same time. And so that either comes from adding talent, adding a fast-growing portfolio to your current portfolio, and/or adding technology. In the case of the recent Paper acquisition, we're adding technology which we believe strengthens our portfolio and does it most importantly in the fastest growth part of that industry.
Daniel Rizzo - Jefferies LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Doug, in 2018, you mentioned Ecolab-like results. Does that mean double digits? Does it mean 15%? I know it's early for 2018 guidance, but what are your thoughts there?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: I would say it certainly implied double-digit EPS growth. And I'm not trying to hedge on any number at this point in time. I just don't want to get in front of our normal cadence. And we will give explicit guidance coming up in February, but clearly work to imply that the momentum you see in the fourth quarter, we expect to carry forward through 2018.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Understand. Doug, just on Institutional U.S., if the growth isn't there, how do you assess the impact of spending too much money for some limited growth as opposed to spending money in other areas of the company here?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, one, I guess I'll deal with it when we get there, but I don't believe we're going to get there. So I mean, we're quite confident there's plenty of growth opportunity in the U.S. food service business and we've done a lot of work trying to understand exactly what's happening, where is it. And that's why we can say with certainty where it's not. So this isn't a defend problem. This is just making up for what the market used to give us and no longer is giving us. If it comes back, hallelujah. But we're not planning on it. So I'm quite confident that the investments we're making, which aren't huge in any absolute term, are smart investments and will pay back handily. If we prove wrong, we are a company chasing $120 billion-plus market and we're $14 billion. So it's not like we're short on growth opportunities and we'll get after the most appropriate ones, but I'm quite confident U.S. food service happens to be in there.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Christopher Parkinson with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thanks, guys. Real quick, in Food & Beverage, you guys are fairly comfortable. You're outgrowing the market by a few hundred basis points. Given this area was a focus in 2017, can you just comment on where you'd expect account wins, pricing share gains, you know all the kind even out through the balance of year and any just even preliminary comment on 2018? And then also, what percent of this would you attribute to enterprise selling? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes, I would say the F&B business has had a very good year because it's done a very good job setting itself up for 2018. And so you mentioned enterprise selling. They have latched up with our Water business very successfully. Together, they bring superior value to our customers. They're driving it. It's driving new business in both Water and F&B. F&B was, what, 5% in the third and going to accelerate, we believe, in the fourth. And we believe that's going to be running at a sustainable rate in 2018. So they've done a great job driving new business, leveraging new technology to do it. And so all the emphasis that we put in that business is paying off.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. And just a quick follow-up on just within heavy water. You've exited some business in China, and obviously there's a little bit of some hurricane effects. Can you just walk through some of the key end markets, geographies, et cetera, just very broadly? And anything that you see at present which gives you the confidence for more of a material rebound in 2018 and 2019? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes. Our light business continues to do very well; it's growing at mid-single digits. Pops up into upper single digits. And that business, which includes the F&B market that we just talked about, we think is growing at a very sustained and strong rate. So we feel good about that. Heavy has been impacted most notably by what's been going on in China. That business is now starting to bottom and show signs of improvement. So I think what you'll see is global heavy numbers improve as well because in other regions, heavy's done quite well. If you look at our core Water, we expect it to end of the year growing at 4-plus percent, and we would expect that to accelerate throughout 2018 as we move into the year. What's not included in core Water is mining, in particular, would be the largest business unit. And mining has recovered as I think we've talked about, positive in the third and expects to be positive going forward.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tim Mulrooney with William Blair. Please proceed with your questions.
Tim M. Mulrooney - William Blair & Co. LLC: Good morning, guys. My first question's on the Healthcare business. This slowdown to the organic rate of  I think organic growth was 1%. Can you just talk about what's happening there is quite different than what we saw in the first half of the year?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes. Without trying to  I would say the way to think about the Healthcare business, it's still growing in the 4% to 5% range. So we bought Anios and we moved our international expansion efforts largely to Anios. So Anios organic sales have moved up dramatically. I mean the organic sales were 9% in Q3. Now we don't have that as our terminal value. But one of the big drivers was international growth in Anios, which was 15%. And really, what we've done is taken a lot of our international expansion work and we're running out of Anios versus out of the other business or the legacy business. And so you sort of have to look at both of those. When we strip out acquisitions, we strip out all of it. So it's taking away some of the growth efforts which have just been shifted from one brand to another, which probably isn't the best way to portray the business and what's happening there. So the two big growth emphasis are continue to drive HIC programs. That's going to be lumpy, a lot like we see in KAY and others, but we're having success there and continue to expect to have success. We're expanding in international principally through Anios. When you put those together, you end up in the mid 4s. Life Sciences, which historically was in Healthcare up until this year, is now growing at high single digits as well. So all in all, that I think's doing fine with significant opportunity to accelerate.
Tim M. Mulrooney - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. I think that makes sense, Doug. So should I expect, then after you lap the anniversary of the acquisition of Anios, we would expect to see the organic growth rate accelerate back to historical rates?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes. I think we expect it to be better in Q4, even the reported number we give you, versus Q3. But yes, we would expect this to be, as we talked, mid-single digits heading up to upper single digits. That remains our ambition. We think it's quite realistic, and you'll see those things put together in early next year.
Tim M. Mulrooney - William Blair & Co. LLC: That makes sense. And then my second question is on the Institutional division. When do you lap the exit of the low-margin business? Is that in the fourth quarter or is that sometime in 2018? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes. Its impact has diminished considerably second half versus first half. I think there's a little bit of an overlap in Q4, but it's very small and it'll be all gone by 2018.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. Just a couple of quick ones. In Global Industrial, there was also a reference to lower shipments to distributors. How material is that? And is that ongoing or is it just sort of a onetime issue?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes, no, that was Institutional, the distributor reference, not Industrial.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Yes. Well, either way, the balance of the question was just is it a onetime issue or how material was it.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes. In North America, Institutional was about 200 basis points, and globally it was about 150 basis points.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And will it just be housed in this quarter? Or is that something that you have to face until you lap it?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: No. You know what, these are always hard to predict. What I would say traditionally, we've seen this movie before, and it happens episodically. There's a disconnect. So we get all the out data, meaning the distributors that sell for us in the United States provide us where every case goes by end user. So we have very specifics about what consumption is. And, occasionally, you get into a mismatch between ins and outs, if you will, in a distributor. And that's really what happened in the third quarter, that distributor purchases were well below distributor outs, so inventories, obviously, shrunk in distributors. Traditionally, we find these coming back. It's hard to predict if it's going to be absolutely the next quarter. Our forecast assumes that there's no rebuild of the inventories in fourth quarter. So we'll see what happens as it goes. Traditionally, they find their way back. It's sort of like water seeking its level.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Very helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Hamzah Mazari with Macquarie. Please go ahead with your questions.
Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Good afternoon. Doug, you had mentioned the market not giving what it used to in Institutional. Just curious if you're seeing any structural changes in that market with either consumer behavior shifting from casual dining to home delivery, or what have you. Just any sense of whether there's any structural change, whereby you have to invest more to seek out more share gain and the market is just going through some sort of a change that the investor base maybe cannot have visibility to just yet.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes. I would say the change we're seeing in this market right now is  there's clearly  and this has happened many times, there is a move by the consumer. I mean, QSRs are doing relatively well. Fast casual is even under some pressure, because QSR is probably the fastest-growing segment right now. But you get into casual dining or even full-service restaurants, they're just a little temporarily out of vogue. So you're not seeing the same kind of traffic and/or increase in those restaurants that you saw historically. Now, this isn't the first episode and we're going through many of the same things that we've gone through when you see this trade. For us, as a company, we're obviously strongly  we have strong presence in the fast casual, in the casual, the QSR in all segments, so there's just trades up and down. We do not see a big structural change in terms of home delivery of food. We might see that down the road. I would say, I was just in China, where this is a significant burgeoning business, and they don't have any of the headaches of legacy technology, so they're moving quite quickly. And I met with one of the leaders there, where, frankly, we've got a very interesting food safety proposal and program that we're using with them, because by God, when you deliver food, food safety matters, too. So I just look at it. Right now, this is just a classic trade up and down among the category. And we know we've got to get after it, so we have major exposure. They're not adding units, because they don't see the growth. And you don't see same-store sales growth, because you don't have the traffic. And that's what we've got to overcome, and we've done it in the past, and I'm pretty confident we'll do it right now.
Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. And just a follow-up question, with the new accounting rules, you mentioned disclosing product versus service components of your revenue. And I'm just curious, is that something you're comfortable with from a competitive standpoint? It definitely creates more online transparency on pricing around the product category. So just curious, do you intend to disclose that at a segment level or is that just very high-level and you're comfortable there?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes, I mean, we're going to meet all the requirements. I mean, FASB's been busy and so now we are too. And I would say we're going to do this and meet the spirit and letter of what's been required, but we're really going to do it at a consolidated level. Importantly, it's not going to have any impact on OI. It's not have any impact on EPS. We'll have us have additional charts and show the business in a little different light. We don't believe it's going to create any undue competitive challenges and/or challenges anywhere else. It does create work. I hope it creates some helpfulness for the financial community.
Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mike Harrison was Seaport Global. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Hi. Good afternoon. Happy Halloween. Doug, you talked a little bit about the Institutional business and we talked about penetration and the desire to get some of the same-store sales moving a little bit better. But wondering what penetration looks like on the new accounts. When you get new accounts, do they kind of just dip their toe in the water and maybe take up just a very small number of products to start, such that it weighs on your overall penetration rate? Or is the uptake actually pretty good as you look and compare it to existing Institutional accounts?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, I mean, undoubtedly, we tend to grow penetration within existing accounts over time. I would say we usually go in with at least enough products to have a comprehensive kitchen hygiene program, which is really what we're representing and presenting. But from there, we build that out. Importantly, over time, or you don't capture it all, there's significant upside in all of our categories. I mean, if we look at warewash anchor accounts and look at pot and pan penetration, or floor care, or degreaser, or pre-soak, sanitizer  I can go on  to hand soap, on, on, and on. There is dramatic room in every one of those categories to increase penetration, which makes a lot of money and, just as importantly, we think helps the restaurant save money and helps our field team make more money. So I mean, it's sort of a win on all levels. We need to go and we are reemphasizing, refocusing, and getting after it and it will bear fruit.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: And then on the Energy business, I noticed that you mentioned in there that you had some weaker performance in the production side of that business. Was wondering if you could talk about how much of that weakness in production might've been related to the hurricanes. And then can you walk around the globe and the key production regions and talk about the trends that you're seeing on the production side of your business?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes, we think it's more a temporary story. So production, I mean, we're talking about 2%. And production in the world is up 1%. So it's not a huge mismatch and it's a quarter deal, not a ongoing long-term issue. So I don't think that's going to be an ongoing story in that business as we move forward.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: And was it hurricane related, Doug?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: No, the production side was very modestly impacted by a few platforms, but no, that really wasn't the issue.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Yes, thanks. Good afternoon. Staying on energy, Doug, with oil prices, certainly they've moved up recently. How are you thinking about them looking into next year and how that would influence segment results? Thanks.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes, I think what we believe to be true and what we're planning is that the energy prices are going to be roughly around the $50 range even through 2018. We do believe that they will move up but we don't think the real sustained move is probably until later into 2019, 2020. So our focus and the numbers I spoke about earlier when I was asked about energy is really predicated on, call it, plus, minus $50, $55 a barrel.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Great, thanks for that. And then going to something more of an upstart, Life Sciences. Could you just talk about the customer conversations you're having there? How pharma and personal care are looking as an industry? And then just, you speak in the release today to the lumpiness of new contract wins. Just progress you're seeing with a little more detail. Thanks.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes. I mean, Life Sciences is several billion-dollar opportunity for us, and the market makeup is ideal. So you've got huge multinationals and a very fragmented  so a consolidated customer set and a very fragmented competitive set, which works well to our advantage, i.e., that we can do world-class technology consistently around the globe. This market has big needs, and we think we're the perfect people to fulfill them. So our expertise in F&B and Healthcare sort of coupled together with the CIP knowhow we have from F&B and the sterile environment experience that we have from Healthcare are the two areas that these customers are most in need of, coupled with water management and Legionella capabilities. So as we go out, I think there's been an understanding of the benefits we can bring. In many cases, you have had plant-level decision-making. This is what we went through in F&B years ago. It's what we went through with KAY when we entered the food retail market. Traditionally, they were local level decisions that we worked hard to centralize and make the company understand the benefits of centralizing in terms of consistency, in terms of cost-saving capability and ultimately throughput improvement. And all those things exist. So our conversation's been quite positive, but we're talking about changes in big organizations. It takes some time. And what we're seeing is exactly what we would expect to see. If I take you back to food retail, which is not new news anymore  it's 20-some years old  we had no business in the top 10. And today we sell 9 out of the top 10 globally. I mean we've built a great position in that business but it wasn't done overnight. It takes a few years, and we expect to see the same type of results in Life Sciences.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to follow up with a couple of follow-ups, if I may. First of all, you talked about your Europe and Asia Pacific sort of as the two regions that were leading your growth in the quarter. Kind of get the APAC portion of it, but what was it about Europe that made that region outperform I would imagine North America as well as Latin America in the quarter? And are those dynamics sustainable into the fourth quarter, into 2018?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes. I mean, Europe, in the second half, is going to grow 4% to 5% in total, which is pretty good. I think we called out early this year that Europe was probably the surprise in terms of economic activity. A lot of the Europe benefit was really driven by Industrial. Water in particular was upper-single digits and has done a very good job driving new business through an increased focus on both the heavy and the light side.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: So it sounds like it's both the market growth as well as better execution? Was one more impactful than the other?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, in Europe, you have to put it more on execution than overall market growth. I mean I would just say the market is better in Europe than we expected, but we had low expectations. But the Water and the Industrial business there certainly isn't growing at high single digits, so we know we're capturing share.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Got it. And then just to follow up on the paper chemicals discussion you had where you kind of called out China as a problem region. Is that for you and your Paper business specifically and the products that you have going into that geography? Or was that a more general comment on the Chinese paper producing and pulp and paper market?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: No, unfortunately, I would say that's us. So I don't have any insight that the paper business in China is a problem overall. I would say my guess is it's not. This is our own execution, and I'd say the mistakes reside here. So we're dealing with them and getting after it, but no, it's not an overall comment on that market.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. So the good news is that it's going to be fixed quickly. Okay. Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: You bet.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Justin Hauke with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your questions.
Justin P. Hauke - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you. All right, so just one more quick one on Institutional. Not to beat a dead horse, but is there any difference in what you're seeing between the big established chains that I kind of think of as more legacy Ecolab versus the street business that you've put more emphasis on in the last couple of years? Is there any difference in the trends that one growing faster than the other or are they both doing about the same?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes, no, I don't think this is a independent versus chain deal. This is much more a segment deal that's going on. So the segments that are doing well, i.e. QSR, it's the chains that are in particular doing well. So, no, I don't think it's a mix in between independent and street at all.
Justin P. Hauke - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then we hadn't really talked about capital allocation on this call. The buyback activity slowed a little bit. Is it still your expectation to do about $700 million this year and where are you on the M&A pipeline? Any comments there?
Daniel J. Schmechel - Ecolab, Inc.: Sure. So let me start with the share repurchase. So you've noted in the release of the materials, we've done north of $550 million year-to-date. My expectation is that we'll finish the year south of $700 million which is the number that we did last year, but of course that does depend on the M&A pipeline, which I would describe as typically robust, like lots of good ideas in the hopper. And so we are watching it closely, but I would expect share repurchase to end south of $700 million for the year.
Justin P. Hauke - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company. Please proceed with your questions.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Thank you. Good morning. Good afternoon, rather, everyone. Doug, I was wondering. Industrial seems to be improving as far as you are concerned, so could you separate what was the improvement that was market driven versus Ecolab progress due to do new products on your accounts gains?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes, I mean, look, the best we would have is where's GDP and where's our acceleration, I guess would be close. We don't spend a ton of time trying to understand every nuance of plus and minus on the market in terms of what consumption is of, let's say, water chemicals in the existing accounts. By and large, I would say this. We know we're gaining share, we've got very good traction now in heavy, the exception being China as I mentioned earlier, but that we believe is bottoming. We have very solid traction in light industry across the board, particularly in F&B, where we've put a lot of emphasis on the cross-selling. Our Food & Beverage, Food Safety business is doing very well and accelerating as we look and go through. Paper we talked is really a story of China and everywhere else. And I would just say the quick story, as I just mentioned in China, is we're not executing as we should. It's not a market problem, it's an execution problem and we own it. But we don't have a lot of those and we have one there and we'll address it and fix it as we are going forward and we are already working to do it. So I would say the Industrial I think across the board we've got good movement. We are confident we're gaining share, and most importantly, I think we're gaining momentum above and beyond what the market's giving us.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Okay. Thanks. And then as you are expect price increases to more than offset for material inflations, do you think you can go back to  and I'm talking about the growth margin for the company overall. Do you think you can go back to 2016 margins? And again, I am also talking about on a public currency rate basis, not once you have adjusted everything. So if I look at 2016, for example, the first quarter growth margin was 47.3% and it went down to 46.5% in the first quarter of 2017 on that basis. Can we go to back to 2016 numbers in 2018?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes. You know what we will get  well, here's the history. So we really saw no raw material increase as a company from, call it, mid-1980s until mid-2000s. And then we have had a steady  well, how about a march from 2004 onwards. It comes like every three, four years in waves. And we're in the midst of another wave. If you go back to 2004 and you look at our margin in businesses that we've owned this then, all of them have steadily increased in spite of raw material inflation. I know no reason that that pattern is not going to continue. So we complain a lot about inflation, but by and large it's been our friend, and we've executed well. So my expectation is, yes, ultimately, we will recover our margins that have been eroded as a consequence of raw materials, but it's predicated on two things. Yes, we have to get pricing, but we also have new innovation and drive new innovation that makes a lot of sense for our customers. And that's the other piece of this play that's being played out right now as well. So both of those are important. We typically don't just do it through raw pricing. Innovation plays a very important role.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of James Dolan with Nomura Instinet. Please go ahead with your questions.
Dan Dolev - Instinet LLC: Yes. It's actually Dan Dolev. Thanks for taking my question. Two questions. One is what was the benefit you got in the Energy segment from that legal cost recovery? And then, is that included in your non-GAAP EPS? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes. It was a legal settlement benefit that we got, and it was in the segment, because all the costs of prosecuting it were also in that segment and incurred. So we try to match cost and benefit wherever it shows up on the P&L, so they match.
Dan Dolev - Instinet LLC: And is it included in that non-GAAP EPS number? Or is it excluded from non-GAAP?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: It's included in non-GAAP.
Dan Dolev - Instinet LLC: Got it. Thank you. And then...
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: So were the costs.
Dan Dolev - Instinet LLC: Right. Right. No. Understood. And my second question is if you take a step back and you think about where you started the year at $4.70 to $4.90, you were expecting $0.07 of EPS headwind. Now, it's neutral. Obviously, you add back the hurricane, it's about $0.08. And the equipment, it's about $0.01. But you also have like $0.04 of lower interest and lower taxes. So, I mean, net-net, I'm coming up with, say, like $4.60 at the midpoint versus $4.80. Where's the weakness coming from most in terms of just the apples-to-apples comparison? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes. Good rec. I would say, I have the same rec in front of me. And the only missing part, raw materials were a $0.16 hurt versus our expectation going into the year. And that was probably the big wild card. Because you're right, FX is about $0.07 better than we expected when we started the year. You got hurricanes, so you're basically  you go through this. The base business more or less performed as expected as we have our natural adjustments in there, so that really wasn't a big surprise. It would've been raw materials.
Dan Dolev - Instinet LLC: Got it. And you did a little better on the SG&A. Is that cost cutting? Or just more?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, I mean, look, you adjust to the markets you have and to what you're going to do. So certainly there's efficiency drives, we continue to take our back office and centralize it in certain parts of the world, and do all those other things that you need to do to stay cost competitive.
Dan Dolev - Instinet LLC: Got it. Thank you very much. Much appreciated. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. Doug, I was wondering as you guys went through in Institutional, the low-margin stuff, was there a commonality through that in terms of the products that you moved away from? Was it you weren't getting enough price? Was there too much cost involved? Was it a market that was going the wrong way? And then, what did you learn there that can make that a continuous process across your portfolio? Or is this more of an episodic event that we'll see from time to time?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, I'd say this one is sort of unique. But when we bought Swisher, it was losing cash. And the way you lose cash is you underprice, and they were underpricing in a whole host of accounts via what they were delivering and how they were delivering it. And so we worked with those accounts to basically say, look, we'd love to continue to serve you, we just can't do it at a negative cash basis. So we either bring up the price or we have to discontinue the service, and those are the exercises that we went through. So it's basically repairing what was a broken business. And as you recall, I mean, Swisher at one time was heralded as maybe the thing that was going to take us out. And you can't really sustain this on a going basis. So I would say Swisher is somewhat unique. We had to go exit. We weren't really  we don't believe in losing money for strategic reasons in accounts. It's never proven to be very strategic to me over any period of time. So we wanted to clean it up and get after it. And so with that, there's some pain associated with it. But we acquired Swisher at a very attractive price, so it's a business that's going to end us giving us returns but those returns need to be netted out once we see what our stable base is.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: And so no Swisher-like issues across other segments? Or is that something that you routinely search for?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Much more routinely. We are always looking at our bottom contracts in terms of profitability and understanding how we can improve them organically over time. We rarely get into situations  I don't know of any right now where we're  we don't like to be cash negative.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our allotted time for today's call. I will turn the call back to Mike Monahan for closing remarks.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: Thanks. That wraps up our third quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated discussion and slides will be available for replay on our website. Thanks for your time and participation today, and our best wishes for the rest of the day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's teleconference. You made disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-01 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc. Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.
Analysts: Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc. John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Tim M. Mulrooney - William Blair & Co. LLC Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company Dan Dolev - Instinet LLC
Operator: Greetings and welcome to Ecolab's Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mike Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Thank you. Mr. Monahan, you may now begin.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's second quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO; and Dan Schmechel, our CFO. A discussion of our results along with our earnings release and the slides referencing the quarter's results and our outlook are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements on these materials stating that this teleconference, the discussion, and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Form 10-K under Item 1A, Risk Factors, and in our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with a brief overview of the quarter, continued new business gains and pricing drove acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales growth in our Institutional, Industrial, and Other segments as well as increased Energy segment sales during the second quarter. These sales gains along with product innovation and ongoing cost efficiency work offset the impact of higher delivered product costs, which included a previously discussed $0.04 per share unfavorable currency hedge and challenging end markets. These, along with our work to lower interest expense and our tax rate as well as fewer shares outstanding, yielded the second quarter's 5% adjusted earnings per share increase. Moving to some highlights from the quarter and as discussed in our press release, on an adjusted basis, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items from both years, second quarter 2017 adjusted earnings per share were $1.13. Consolidated acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales for our Institutional, Industrial, and Other segments rose 3%, while Energy sales rose 5%. Regionally, sales growth was led by North America and Latin America. Reported operating margins increased 30 basis points. Adjusted fixed currency operating margins decreased 70 basis points as volume and price increases were partially offset by the impact of higher delivered product costs in the quarter. Adjusted fixed currency operating income rose 1%. The operating income gain, along with our work to lower interest expense and our tax rate as well as the fewer shares outstanding, yielded a 5% increase in the second quarter 2017 adjusted diluted earnings per share. We continue to aggressively drive our growth, winning new business through our innovative new products and sales and service expertise as well as driving pricing and cost efficiencies to grow our top and bottom lines and improve rates. We expect improving volume growth and pricing across all of our business segments in the second half and look for that to more than offset delivered product cost headwinds, which should ease sequentially through the second half, and yield strengthening operating income growth. We expect full-year adjusted diluted earnings per share in the $4.70 to $4.90 range in 2017, rising 8% to 12% with the second half results outpacing the first half. We expect third quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share to be in the $1.36 to $1.44 range, up 6% to 13%. In summary, despite a challenging market environment, we expect to deliver strong adjusted diluted earnings per share growth in 2017. And now, here is Doug Baker with some comments.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, hello, everyone. So, we had a solid Q2. We continue to expect to deliver double-digit adjusted EPS for the year. If we look at the macro environment, the economies around the world we'd say are mixed but in aggregate, are okay to good. FX headwinds have subsided. Energy markets have recovered some and certainly stabilized. Raw materials, though, are rising and creating some short-term margin pressure but we believe are manageable over the year. So, this year is going to be a tale of two halves. The first half came in as expected, including Q2. Sales are getting sequentially stronger from pricing, new business, and energy improvement. Margins are under modest pressure from raw materials and hedging comparisons. The second half, though, it's going to be much stronger from an EPS standpoint, up 13% to 14% if you take the midpoint of our range. This is driven by raws plateauing and hedging challenges dissipating, pricing and cost savings continuing to gain ground, and most importantly, sales acceleration from innovation, new corporate account investments and continued improvement in Energy. As a result, we expect to deliver a very solid 2017 and leave the year with excellent momentum going into 2018. So, with that, I'll turn it back to Mike.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: Thanks. That concludes our formal remarks. As a final note, before we begin Q&A, we plan to hold our 2017 Investor Day in St. Paul on Thursday, September 7th. If you have any questions, please contact us. Operator, would you please begin the question-and-answer period?
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first question today is coming from the line of Gary Bisbee with RBC. Please go ahead with your questions.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. So, I guess, the main question for me is just the dollar has weakened quite a bit in the last month or two. I would assume there is some benefit to that. And so, should we think that something else has changed, leading to the flat guidance for the year? Or given that we're only halfway through, is it possible there's a little more conservatism in that view now given the currency moves? Thanks.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Gary, Doug. So, here's the FX. We said it was $0.05 negative in our first quarter release and neutral in the second quarter release. So, there's an implied $0.05 improvement. I would say simultaneously, we've had roughly a leak in raw materials of about a little over $0.03. And part of this move on FX was literally in the last days. And what I would say is what seems to move quick sometimes moves the other way quick. So, we don't know the bake this in fully as we go through the year. So, there is I guess, a little bit of conservatism in here simply because the FX markets move rapidly and often in opposing directions. So, really what we look at right now is we have some modest gain from FX in total, nowhere near $0.05 because some of it was eaten up by raw materials. If it stays or gets better, I would expect our year to get better.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Great. And then the follow-up question, can we just get an update on the Institutional business, which in the Institutional segment within Global Institutional, in particular, which continues to lag history, and I think how you think about the growth potential? How close are we to better performance and what's the driver of that growth improving at some point? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, Q2 was in line with what we expected and I think forecasted in Q1. If you cut through the noise, U.S. growth is a little softer. It's around 4%. Globally, I'd say Global Institutional is around 3%, same factors as last quarter which is what we had forecast. Same-store sales are a bit soft in U.S. First-half comps are a bit noisy because of Swisher, and part of it is exits on our own. New business though, ramp-up is coming. We're seeing traction there. We're not going to really see it in the numbers until the second half. Simultaneously, you'll get a bit of easing comps because we'll start lapping against the takeout on Swisher. So, I would say good news. Margins are recovering in that business. I think you'll start seeing sales pick up. We expect a better second half than first half and probably more normalized results as we close out the year.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of John Quealy with Canaccord. Please proceed with your question.
John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hey. Good afternoon, folks. In terms of pricing, so in terms of the Energy business, seems like that was more variable. Can you talk about whether it was upstream, downstream? Sounds like you gave some price for share and then I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, price for share, probably the latest stuff we've had to do would have been in downstream, but that's been a bit ago. I think if you look at pricing in Energy, we would expect to be net positive by year-end, probably neutral in Q3 from a pricing standpoint. It's been healing quarter by quarter by quarter. WellChem is already positive just because of increased demand. OFC will probably be the next to flip to positive, and downstream will be fourth quarter. That's the pricing situation. And we never had the  I mean, we had significant pricing give-ups in many instances, but it wasn't like you heard around the industry.
John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Got you. And then the follow-up, inside Specialty, another double-digit type performance. You've commented in the past on some programs. Can you just give us an update on visibility on that sort of double-digit, upper single-digit growth rate moving forward? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. No, largely, we would expect Specialty to have a strong year. I think in the first quarter, it was mid-single digits and we were asked, it was around 5%, 5.5%, was there anything wrong. It was really a timing issue. And so, now the new business that we talked about in the first quarter has kicked in. So, you're seeing double-digit type results. And we'd expect strong results through the rest of the year for sure.
John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Sure. I know Ecolab always has potential levers to pull through the course of any year. But the restructuring actions taken during the second quarter were more than what we were expecting. So, any comments on those and potentially thoughts on the magnitude of the cost savings you'll receive?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, payback will be in 18 months in total on the work that we're doing through restructuring, so very quick payback. I mean, some of the work pays back nearly immediately and some takes maybe up to two years max, but in average 18 months.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. And then in the water business, it sounds like you've finally getting to flat in mining. Any thoughts on how fast the other areas are growing and if you expect mining to be positive in the second half?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, we do expect mining to be positive in the second half. I will also say we expected mining to be positive in the second quarter. I mean, it was about flush. So, it's always a little hard to predict. But clearly, it's been healing, if you will, if you look at the sequential growth rates. And we do expect it to pop into positive in the second half for sure in probably the third quarter. Yeah, I'd say, overall, we've got very solid momentum in the heavy and light businesses. We have a very strong portfolio of new business coming on. The team has done a great job of getting after new business, had its most successful last two quarters, so really outstanding results. You're starting to see it. We would expect a stronger second half in every major business in the water area, heavy, light, and in mining. So, I think that team is in good shape. We feel we're in good shape overall. Margins are starting to heal. We'll start seeing some pricing across the board in that business as well, so we'll have both fronts working more in our advantage going into the second half.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you, guys. The first question is just around raw material increases that you saw. I was wondering if you could give a little bit more color on maybe where particularly that change versus your expectations and how long before you guys can put in actions to offset that.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, I don't know that the timing is much different in terms of when we start to expect to see light, if you will, on both gross margin and OI margin. So, we would expect to be positive versus prior year in the fourth quarter on both GP or gross margin and also on OI margin. Some of the businesses, Industrial will probably get positive in the third quarter; Institutional and Energy, more in the fourth quarter; total, around fourth quarter. So, I don't think it takes endless patience to start seeing pricing and cost savings offsetting the raw materials. The delta in terms of our expectations versus first quarter really was driven by caustic , Europe and AP, in particular, that affects Institutional, F&B and water, and then isopropyl alcohol is sort of on a negative tear at least from our perspective in Europe. And that's really Healthcare and water that's up 30%. So, it's really those two have been the biggest change drivers. I mean, it's leaked in other places, and forecasting this is never perfect. So, if you look in total, given our bill, it's pretty darn close. We're pretty accurate, but we spent a lot of money on raw materials. $4 million equals $0.01. It's not hard to be wrong by a penny or two.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then just on Energy, if I may, I mean, we've seen a lot of the macro analysts and so forth lower their long-term targets in oil prices. I think it's in line with what you guys have been expecting longer term anyway. It sounds like you're still hiring this year to set up for more aggressive maybe share in 2018. Any changes in your view and outlook broadly in Energy there?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: No, I think you're largely right. I think the Energy business and how we see oil price hasn't really changed from what we expected going in the year. So, we didn't have a particularly bullish outlook. So, we don't need to bring it down, I guess, is the easiest way to put it. So, what we're seeing in Energy right now is what's bouncing back first what was hit hardest by the downturn and that was North America WellChem. And WellChem in the quarter was up north of 50% in sales year-on-year. The other two businesses, if you take them collectively, were really flat, downstream and OFC together, versus last year. But that's better than Q1 where we were down a couple of points year-on-year. And if you look at the second half, I would say we expect more of the same. WellChem, continuing to improve and have strong year-on-year results as drilled wells are completed. OFC and downstream will see continued strengthening as we go throughout the year really from pricing leverage, volume slowly improving from share gains and industry recovery. We'll expect the margin, as I mentioned earlier, to start recovering in Q4, start to make some progress. So, in that, we think Energy remains positioned to do call it mid-single-digit type growth for the year on the top line, flat to modest OI gross on the bottom line but most importantly, leave the year with good momentum. And we don't expect a magic year in 2018 from a oil price rise standpoint, but we think we're well positioned in this environment to continue improve results, both top and bottom line even if oil doesn't have a substantial recovery.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of John Roberts with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. Any change in new win activity with the recent deals for your largest competitors in cleaning and water treatment chemicals?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, we don't go blow-by-blow, never have. I would say in both, well all of them, Institutional, F&B and water in particular, we've had great success the last two quarters in net new business. And it's been increasing over the performance we had for prior quarters. I don't know if you directly attribute. I mean, we're certainly beating the new business drum loudly within the business. And businesses are on it and starting to show really strong results, so I think it's a whole number of factors. I don't know that there is the same kind of dislocation feeling that we think will occur in the competitors, but we'll see.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: And secondly, I don't think this is big, but supermarkets have been in the headlines recently. And I think you used to talk about supermarket locations as growth areas for both cleaning services for fresh food preparation and also a lot of supermarkets we're adding QSR facilities. Has that stalled out with the pressures that are going on in that particular retail market?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: No, I think there's going to be probably more change in the food retail space, no doubt. There's all kinds of change and pressure in that business. But it will include more prepared foods likely, including potentially delivery and other things. So, we'll see a continued shift, if you will, around the foodservice landscape. Our food retail business remains quite healthy. It's a global business, and so we have significant opportunity, not only in North America to continue to gain share, but also around the world. And one of the things that I think we do particularly well is help customers manage through change, particularly when they have to change their risk profile, say, from selling raw food to prepared food. And we think that's going to be still a change and a move that you're going to see in that industry.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: Good afternoon. Can you just benchmark a little bit current thinking around direction of taxes and cash taxes given the progress that you've seen? And secondly, you allude in the prepared remarks to a comp effect affecting Q3. How do you think about comp affecting the bridge for 2018 versus 2017? It should be a net neutral. Is that right?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, I think this year, tax is going to be around 24-ish is where we had expected to end up. You know, Laurence, we do a lot of work every year looking at ways that we can improve our tax rate. We don't take bleeding edge strategies. We've always tried to have a balance between, if you will, kind of cash fungibilities, so we don't end up with significant amount of trapped cash, sometimes as a tradeoff with rate to chase the absolute lowest rate. It's actually at the cost of trapped cash. And so, we try to have a balanced approach as we go through. We would expect 2018 to be similar to 2017 right now as we look at it from a tax rate, so we don't believe it's going to be either a significant tailwind or a headwind next year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Doug, back to the guidance, at the very low end, which seems very conservative, what would need to happen for you guys to hit that $4.70 number?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, I guess, any number of things. I mean, the world is not the most stable place. I don't think it's likely that we're going to be down there. I would say it's unlikely we're going to be there. Looking at the range right now, given we had a benefit really from FX, which was quite recent since we've seen daylight, we're talking days. And everything else, I mean, we are forecasting a pretty aggressive second half, 13% to 14% EPS, which is really kind of double-digit third quarter and a very strong fourth quarter. We just said it probably made sense to stick with this range given all the uncertainty in the world, but I would be quite surprised if we end up on the very bottom of the range to your comment. I don't think it's highly likely. I think our position is good. Our businesses are improving across the board. We feel like we've gotten most of the stuff in hand and understand it, which is always the time something shakes somewhere that we didn't predict, but I think we've got a little flex in a couple of areas to allow us to manage even some level of unhappy surprise going throughout the balance of the year, which is how we normally manage. So, yeah, there is some conservatism on the bottom of the range, absolutely.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. Doug, just on Anios, how is that acquisition progressing seven months into it?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, I mean, we're predicting to be on or above on both top line and bottom line in the first year. We always have very aggressive objectives, particularly when we do a management case, so we do two cases for all acquisition. We do sort of the financial case and then we do a management case. Management has to sign up for the second, and we're beating and exceeding those numbers. So, we feel very good. It's a great company. The culture fit is what we expected, very solid and strong. They're very focused on customers, very focused on growth. We feel like we made the right move buying that company. So, so far, so good.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Christopher Parkinson with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you. Within Industrial, can you sort of view your new account pipeline in F&B, the share gain outlook in conjunction with your enterprise solutions effort for the second half of into 2018 and whether or not it is meeting or exceeding your expectations, which I recall were a little more upbeat during your last call? Thanks.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, F&B, we expect to have a better second half than first half, and it's being driven by two of the issues you just cited. One is they've had a lot of success in new business in the first half. It will start showing up Q3 and Q4 as they roll it out. I mean, you have to actually install it and start shipping. It's not the signed contract that moves the needle from the P&L standpoint. Additionally, I would say, when we look at a number of the new initiatives, the new initiatives particularly Industrial have longer legs than they say in Institutional because it takes longer to get uptake. When you're going in and switching systems in a food plant, there's a lot of things people have to be concerned about, making sure that they don't impact quality or safety as you change out systems or move from one antimicrobial to another, et cetera. So, it always takes a little longer to ramp up. But our 3DT CIP systems are really starting to take off. We feel very good about a number of antimicrobial platforms that we have coming. So, all in all, I'd say we feel bullish about the F&B business, particularly given what it's had to come through in terms of plant shutdowns and consolidation. In North America and other places, they continue to keep their nose above water in the top line. The dairy business looks like it's starting to move in the right direction. Milk prices were incredibly low for a period of time. So both dairy, food, some of our big segments are improving. We expect it to have a strong second half.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: And as a quick corollary to that, as it pertains to the enterprise selling effort, is F&B typically the anchor for your sales force for the water and pest businesses or is it the other way around? Is it typically mixed? Just any outlook on that as well. Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: It's worked both ways. When you're in the food and beverage business, our food and beverage team, the food safety portion of that team had a higher share, if you will, of that business than did Nalco Water when we put the companies together. So, the majority of the introductions, if you will, came from the F&B side to the water side. But it wasn't all F&B introducing water. We've had a number of instances where the relationship was with the water team and they brought F&B in. But that's been a huge success for us. The customers see these as completely interrelated. They understand the advantages of having, if you will, one company do both for them. We've worked to make it obvious. We continue to do other things around reporting, synergistic chemistries, service. We're looking at organization structures, et cetera, to make this work even better for our food and beverage industry customers. So, we feel good about this. There is still legs, plenty of room and opportunity to sell more here, working together, and we're going to continue to push them.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Tim Mulrooney with William Blair. Please go ahead with your question.
Tim M. Mulrooney - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yeah. Good afternoon. I understand that restaurant foot traffic became more of a headwind through the first half of this year than maybe it's been over the last several years. Given how much you guys see the touch points across thousands of restaurants, I'm just curious if you have any insight as to why this deceleration is taking place. Is there some underlying secular trend? Is it more macro related? What do you think is going on here?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, I would say the softness in the first quarter in particular was also timed identically to the retail softness broadly. There's all kinds of assumptions or guesses about what was driving it then, timing of tax refunds, et cetera. I don't think you've got any huge fundamental change that you're currently seeing in U.S. food service, i.e., takeout or some other magical thing. Those things move year-on-year but at a fairly slower rate, so I don't believe those are the trends that we're seeing. I think what we're seeing is some softness broadly in a certain segment of the foodservice industry. We've chased it before over time. We'll probably chase it again. So, that's really I think the issue. I don't believe there's been any fundamental secular change that we're dealing with at this moment. That's not what the industry sees. It's not what the stats suggest. So, I think for us, we're having to overcome some softness in one of our key segments. We deal with this all the time. And the best way to deal with it is sell more business, and that's exactly what we're working to do. If same-store sales start rebounding to more normalized levels, we'll be the beneficiary of it, probably on a greater scale because we'll have larger share.
Tim M. Mulrooney - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you. That was helpful. Maybe switching gears to life science. Life science decelerated I think in the second quarter to 5%. Is that how we should think about long-term growth for this business? Or do you think about it more as a high single-digit grower through the cycle? And can you also remind me how large this business is today? Is it about $100 million? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, it's about $100 million. It's going to be lumpy. I think we expect this to be a double-digit business over stretches of time. We'd expect it to grow north of  I mean, into the teens, maybe early teens in balance of the year. And it's really you sell  this is the old feed the village with an elephant, so that's the nature of this business. It's a lot like QSR and lumpy like QSR. I'd say over time, QSR has got a big base now, so it's not as lumpy as it was. We explain this all the time in QSR. I think it's going to be the same story in life sciences. They've sold a bunch of new business. They feel confident in the second half. I would expect to see much different results in Q3 and Q4.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Hamzah Mazari with Macquarie. Please proceed with your questions.
Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Good afternoon. My first question is just on the European business, if you could provide a little more color. It seems like it was weaker across most segments, except for the water business and Healthcare.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, I mean, in total, our Europe business was really weak in the first quarter and obviously, better in the second quarter. We expect the top line to be better still in the second half. Water was one of the main drivers for the performance improvement from Q1 to Q2, and it was welcome to see. We'd expect Institutional to improve through the balance of the year, F&B as well. So, I don't think it's going to be only a water story for all of 2017. It was principally a water story in Q2.
Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: And just a follow-up, on the balance sheet, the leverage is still low but has ticked up a bit. Maybe just frame for us your appetite to do larger deals longer term and ability to use the balance sheet. Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, our appetite hasn't changed nor have our taste buds, meaning we want really good deals that have the ability to deliver favorable returns to shareholders over the long term. And so, if that's the environment, obviously, it's got to be a strategic fit of business, we have a right to own and run and run well, fit our model, and all of the like. We have a big appetite to do those deals when they make sense. And so, our balance sheet, we don't believe is any way a hindrance in our ability to do that. We've ramped up what we needed to. We have room in the balance sheet even sitting here today. We expect those metrics to improve as we go throughout the year. So, we'll have more room, if you will, by the year-end than we do now, but we don't even view it as an issue right now.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead with your questions.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thanks. Doug, you talked a little bit earlier on Manav's question about kind of what you're expecting in the back half in Energy. Could you just refresh us on how to think about how well completion activity progresses to production? I know we've seen a steadiness now in the oil price? And then a follow-up on that is in the press release, it was discussed, the soft international markets in Energy. Could you delve in a little on that, too, please? Thanks.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: To the first one, I mean, all the pressure initially in the downturn really hit the North American market, the unconventional piece in particular. And that's where you saw almost all the volume takeout in the industry was in the U.S. The rest of the world often I would say oil production is directly tied to some economy like Russia or Venezuela. And when prices go down, oil price per barrel, their production tends to go up over the near term. They're trying to offset, if you will, the bleeding in their economy. And so, you get this kind of perverse activity going on. That can only last so long because it simultaneously cut CapEx. They start losing the ability to keep and maintain production without new CapEx. And what we're seeing is the shift. First, the pain was in North America. In 2015, our international non-North American business was up in Energy and was pretty strong. In 2016, you started seeing pain on both sides. And what you're now seeing is recovery first in North America because it went down first and international will lag. So, that's, by and large, the geographic story in this business. Our WellChem business is predominantly North America. And so, we took it on the chin when we had the North America pain early in the downturn. Likewise, when you see  the really significant pickup in the business is in North America. It benefits disproportionately as well, and we're also seeing that. In terms of drilling activity, there's a one to two quarter lag often from drilling to completion. Our WellChem business doesn't really realize the benefits until you've got completion. And if you look at drilling but uncompleted units, they have risen recently. It's a little north of 6,000 right now. And those will be completed, and that's what's going to drive benefit for WellChem over the next couple of quarters. So, I don't know  hopefully, that answers the two questions you posed.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: It did. Very helpful. If I could just sneak a follow-on on that. The compensation rebuild, obviously, it's baked into the guidance for the rest of the year, which we can see, but is that something that's going to affect 2018 as well? Or is that kind of a catch-up right now this time of this year? Thanks.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Much more of a 2017 issue than a 2018 issue. I would say both things. You're going to have better balance between price and raw materials in 2018 than you did in 2017. And comp rebuild is predominantly a 2017 story. I mean, it's going to be a little bit in 2018 but not at the same level.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Doug, Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to make sure I understand what's going on with the Energy business and given that your margins are still sort of in the high single digits versus I would expect it by now to see more of a recovery into a low double-digit range. It sounds from your comments like you do expect that recovery in the second half of the year. So, I'm just trying to understand if that's going to be driven by volume or by better sort of pricing, raw material mix or kind of where is your confidence coming from that the revenue growth is going to translate into profit growth and profit margin growth?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, Dmitry, I mean, here is what we're seeing and as I mentioned on an earlier question, a couple back, we will start to see daylight in Energy between price recovery and raw material incremental cost starting really in Q4. We're starting to see some price recovery in WellChem, but as I mentioned, the Other businesses is going to be a little later in the year. So, you'll start seeing that dynamic work more in our favor than against us, which it has for the last several quarters. The comp rebuild is really  the heavy pieces are Q2, Q3 on that business, so we'll start annualizing against that, and you just start having more significant volume gains, and those start translating into, right, overhead coverage and the like. I mean, I think we were very clear this year even at the beginning to say we expected sales to be mid-single digit, NOI to be flat or modestly up, which implies margin linkage just by nature. And so, what we're seeing isn't a real surprise, and it's also quite consistent with past recoveries. You start seeing sales recover before margin. Margin follows more like year two than year one, but it starts recovering. And what we're seeing right now suggests we're exactly on that trajectory, and we'll start seeing improvement in margins Q4.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Q4. Okay. I just wanted to confirm that. And then the second question, I think it was a couple of quarters ago when talking about a slowdown that you guys seen in your Industrial business that you mentioned that uncharacteristically for you, you sort of took the eye off the new wins ball, if you will, or getting new relationships going and just expanding your business and capturing market share. We saw a little bit of improvement in the first quarter, not so much in the second quarter in terms of year-over-year comps. So, where do we stand in that, I guess, re-energized initiative, if I will, of going out and getting the business and making sure that you control more of your destiny than the market?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, I would say the business is strengthening. I'd say the new business productivity has been very strong the last couple of quarters. You are right. I mean, I think we looked at our new business productivity honestly across the board and felt we needed to turn up the heat and we've done it, and we're starting to see the results. I would expect Industrial, so predominantly F&B and water, to have an improved second half, both in top line, margin, frankly across the P&L in the second half versus first half, and we think we're well positioned to do it. So, we feel good about what's going on in those businesses. I think the teams have positioned them. The work they've been doing is going to start bearing fruit starting Q3.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Andrew Wittmann with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your questions.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hi. Great. Thanks. I guess my question is on the Other segment. This is one of your faster-growing segments and has been for a while. In your release script, you guys talked about some investments there. I guess, I'd like to understand a little bit more about those types of investments, what they were, and how you expect them to affect the margins on a go-forward basis from here.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: I mean, some of the investment is just strictly people, so that's a variable expense. And we're having sales growth. We want to continue to make sure that we're feeding it, and people aren't immediately productive when you put them on. So, there's always a little bit of a drag. I think more significant in past, we've been leveraging much more effectively technology in the field. We had a large group of field meetings this year, which we didn't have the prior year to the tune of a couple million dollars. It didn't sound like a lot. It's not. But it does affect a 13-week period at times, and so that's the other cost. That's a onetime cost this year. It is not going to repeat in three and four. That also has some impact on the margins here, net. We don't have a high concern about the margins in the Other segment. We think they will do what they're supposed to do as we go on. We want to make sure that we continue to drive top line success there.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great. I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli. Please proceed with your questions.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Doug, following up on the Other category, equipment care was up only 2%. Could you bring us up-to-date as to what you are doing there and remind me of what the anticipated growth rate over the long term is? Can you get to the 8% or thereabout that pest is enjoying?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. No, I mean, we'd expect our equipment care business to accelerate. The 2% is not anywhere near our target. We were growing upper single digits recently as last year, so I don't think there's anything  we're in a bit of a lull in that business. We don't plan to hang out here very long. The team is on it. We need to get after it. We got a little behind on keeping manpower levels where we needed them. That's been improved per the earlier question, and so I would expect we'll start accelerating that business again.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: And then looking at both Europe and Asia Pacific and I apologize if you talked about it already, but could you talk about the impacts from the higher raw material costs and then the trend in demand in both of those regions for the different businesses that you operate there?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, Europe, we talked about a bit. We've got in Europe, we would expect Industrial recovery first but Institutional improved throughout the year. So I think overall, we'd expect to have a pretty good year in terms of top line performance in Europe. We're up about 2.5% in the second quarter after being slightly negative in the first quarter. So, it was a pretty strong sequential recovery, if you will. In terms of raw materials, they're biting us in Europe. No doubt about it. We have the same story there. It takes us a while to recover via pricing, but we're starting to get pricing in Europe as well. And we expect a kind of tried-and-true formula we've talked which is absolute raw material cost coverage, year one and margin recovery, year two. Sometimes we do it in a little more accelerated basis, but it's not a bad way to think about it. So, I think Europe is going to be okay. We probably won't see our 100-point OI margin improvement this year simply because we're dealing with the raws, and we'll expect to have more than 100 points next year. And we've also seen this in the recent past, so I'm comfortable that we're more right than wrong in Europe. AP, yeah, we've got some work to do on some of the businesses. We see improving results in a number of areas but it's inconsistent. And AP is sort of it's not really a region, right? We've got Australia, Japan, Southeast Asia. You've got very different markets there. And all in all, where we really need growth, I think the team is doing the right stuff. And in some of these markets, we want more balanced growth in margin given our share and where we ought to be in kind of tradeoffs and opportunity. So, I think there is stuff we can continue to improve in our AP performance, and we expect to see that improving throughout the year as well. That's a harder market to get pricing traditionally.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today comes from the line of Dan Dolev with Nomura. Please proceed with your questions.
Dan Dolev - Instinet LLC: Hi, Doug. Thanks for taking my questions. Two questions. First one on raws. If I heard you correctly, you expect raws to plateau in the second half of the year. Did I hear you correctly and is that what's embedded in the guidance?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Oh. Yes. Sorry. I missed the pun there. Yeah, it's embedded in the guidance. Otherwise, I wouldn't have offered the comment. But I would say, we look at kind of peak Q3 on raws, but we also have pricing increasing in Q3, so the delta is more in our favor in Q3 than it was in Q2 because it takes a little time for pricing to catch up with raws. Additionally, our hedge, which we've talked about and said it was principally first half challenge dissipates down in the third quarter versus the first two and basically gone in the fourth quarter.
Dan Dolev - Instinet LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then my second question is on the SG&A. If I look back over the last 10 years, you've done a really good job lowering your SG&A as a percent of sales. How much lower do you think you can go? How much more room do you have to decline? I guess, you went from 33% in the first guidance to 32% to 33%, and now, you're at 32%. So, how much lower can you go and how do you plan to get there if you needed to? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. Well, I would say our SG&A has benefited from a number of things. I mean, certainly, we're a lot of bigger, and so you've got a lot better leverage over, say, G&A resources broadly, corporate, regional, et cetera, over the last 10 years. We're also leveraging field technology and improving the way that we drive that technology. And so, you see some of that benefit. I would say what we would expect, we'll continue to grow, so I think you'll still see G&A leverage going forward, predominantly from growth but also from technology. But in the field, which is really the big spend area, we're working now. We've got, I don't know, some 2 million customer sites nearly if you add up all the restaurants, probably collecting data 90%. But we only have a small fraction of it currently connected to the cloud. So, in most instances, our people have to walk into the unit, download via an RF port, and then they have the data to start analyzing how they can further improve the customer's operation. We know that if we take that and send it to the cloud, do the analytics, send it to our person in advance of them arriving at the front door that we're going to improve their productivity significantly and improve the amount of time they have for up-selling and for doing other things, even handling more accounts. So, technology, I would say in all industries, we have not yet pushed boundaries in these areas we are going to. We're doing a lot of I think very smart things in these areas, and we believe ultimately we'll see benefits that will show up in lower SG&A ratios, probably the ability to do more for our customers. Also in a host of areas, we think it will benefit our business.
Operator: Thank you. Mr. Monahan, there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: Thank you. That wraps up our second quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated discussion slides will be available for replay in our website. Thank you for your time and participation and our best wishes for the rest of the day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-02 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc. Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.
Analysts: Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC John Salvatore Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Gregory Bardi - Barclays Capital, Inc. John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Tim M. Mulrooney - William Blair & Co. LLC Michael J. Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - G.research LLC Christopher Evans - Goldman Sachs & Co. Dan Dolev - Instinet LLC
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Ecolab's First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mike Monahan, Senior Vice President of External Relations. Mr. Monahan, you may begin.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's first quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO, and Dan Schmechel, our CFO. As discussed, in our results along with our earnings release and the slides referencing the quarter's results and our outlook are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements on these materials stating that this teleconference, the discussion and the slides, including estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Form 10-K under Item 1A, Risk Factors, and in our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with a brief overview of the quarter, continued new business gains and product introductions drove acquisition adjusted fixed currency growth in our Global Institutional, Global Industrial and Other segments during the first quarter. These were partially offset by a narrowing sales decline in the Energy segment. Product innovation and ongoing cost efficiency work more than offset the impact of higher-than-forecast delivered product costs, as well as soft economies and challenging end markets. These, along with lower interest expense, a lower tax rate and fewer shares outstanding, yielded the first quarter's 4% adjusted earnings per share increase. Moving on to some highlights from the quarter and as discussed in our press release, consolidated acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales for our Global Institutional, Global Industrial and Other segments grew 3%, but were partially offset by a narrowing Global Energy sales decline. Regional fixed currency sales growth was led by Latin America and North America. Reported operating margins decreased 20 basis points. Adjusted fixed currency operating margins decreased 10 basis points, as higher Energy segment profits and the price and volume increase were more than offset by the impact of higher delivered product costs, which include a $0.04 per share unfavorable currency hedge year-on-year comparison, representing a 5 percentage point negative impact to EPS growth in the quarter. Adjusted fixed currency operating income rose 2%. The operating income gain, along with lower tax rate, lower interest expense and fewer shares outstanding, yielded a 4% increase in first quarter 2017 adjusted earnings per share. We continue to see sluggish economic growth, higher delivered product costs and gradually improving fundamentals in the energy markets, and we expect these to generally continue through the balance of the year. We are, again, working aggressively to drive our growth, winning new business using our innovative new products and a sharp focus on sales execution, as well as driving pricing and cost efficiencies to grow our top and bottom lines at improved rates. We expect improving volume growth and pricing across all of our business segments, and look for that to overcome delivered product cost headwinds, which slow as the year progresses, and yield operating income growth. We expect this focus on top line growth and margin expansion will yield full year adjusted diluted earnings per share, which we forecast in the $4.70 to $4.90 per share range in 2017, rising 8% to 12%, with the second half results outpacing the first half. We expect second quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share to be in the $1.08 to $1.15 range, up 0% to 6%. And now here's Doug Baker with some comments.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Thank you, Mike. So, the first quarter was certainly not our prettiest, but better than it looks and it does set us up for the full year delivery. Most things are on track, pricing, new business, innovation, investments, industrial business acceleration, energy recovery and FX stabilization, but we did have a few surprises. Raws moved faster than forecast in the quarter, and we do believe will be net higher for the year. The good news is, our pricing also has traction and we believe will catch up on a dollar basis this year. Institutional sales were also soft. They were softer than expected, but they're better than they look. So, if you take and adjust the base business for Swisher exits, which we have done because of margin and other issues, we're really growing at about 5% in North America and 4% globally. That's still slower than last year and slower than we expected. The issue primarily is that U.S. restaurant same-store consumption is down. (05:14) you got to go sell more business. We're not going to fix the U.S. foodservice market by ourselves and the division is already all over this driving significant new business campaigns, and we've got the right team to do this. In total, Q1 was solid, not brilliant, but leaves us in position to deliver the year. The most important perspective on 2017 to understand is that the second half EPS ramp up is not nearly as steep as it appears. We need to do 14% EPS in the second half to reach our midpoint or $4.80. The first half run rate is really an 11% when you control for hedge and other non-recurring install and other expenses. So, we still have a step-up, but it's much more manageable moving from an 11% to a 14% than what may appear to be from like a 4% or 5% to a 14%. So, the step-up requires sales to move from 2.5% in the first half to 5% in the second half, which I believe is quite doable. Here are couple of facts. Energy trajectory this year, 0% growth really in the first half, we expect them to grow at least at 5% in the second half. If you assume that, then II&O (06:27) needs to go from 3.5% in the first to 4% in the second. We already have Industrial sales trajectory moving, it's accelerating. Institutional in the second half will lap the Swisher exits, and we've got a clearer view of timing on known wins and losses throughout the businesses, all of which are quite favorable to us. Net, we're making progress. We believe we're on track to go deliver a solid year. And so while Q1 won't win many style points, we do believe we're going to deliver a more Ecolab-like performance in 2017. So, with that, I'll turn it back to Mike.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: Thanks, Doug. That concludes our formal remarks. As a final note before we start Q&A, we plan to hold our annual tour of our booth at the National Restaurant Association Show in Chicago on Monday, May 22. Looking further ahead, we also plan to hold our 2017 Investor Day on Thursday, September 7. If you have any questions, please contact my office. And now, operator, please begin the question-and-answer period.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. Thank you. Our first question is from the line of Gary Bisbee with RBC. Please proceed with your questions.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. I guess, I'd love to get some more color on the Institutional business and the deceleration there. If Swisher bleeding off some of the lower margin volumes there is a big piece of it, I would have thought maybe that margins would have been better, and yet they were down quite a bit. So, any more color on the revenue, and any color on the margin to help us think how that trends the rest of the year? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, I think within the Institutional margin, you've got some of the noise I referred to earlier. You certainly have some impact from hedging, not in the U.S. margin particular, but U.S. global or in Institutional global. And you also have investments that have been made, particularly in plant equipment, to enable a new platform for solids, which is now coming online. It's in the margin, but not yet fully or even partially utilized in some cases, as we're rolling that out late in the second quarter. That's also making it a little worse. And then we have a few rollouts, where we've got the mechanical equipment expense or the ME expense in the business, but not the sales yet. So, I would say if you look at Institutional margin, it looks like it's down, but there's a number of things, which really, I think, mask the underlying trend in their margin. And we expect, over the year, that their margin is going to start showing daylight between this year and last year. Pricing in Institutional was the best performer last year, and they're continuing on a very solid track this year. So, we're not really worried, ultimately, in Institutional margins.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And just the  any more color on the revenue deceleration?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, Gary, I mean it really comes down to mostly same store's consumption in U.S. restaurant. And that we've dealt with many times in the past. Restaurants come in and out in terms of how successful they're being. I don't think we're the only ones feeling this. We've tended to manage this better than others. The division got on it early. They have a number of what I would call high-energy new business efforts underway that are gaining traction, and that's the only way you sell through this is you got to go gain more business. We, by ourselves, can't force the restaurants to consume more, and they're really just reflecting the softness in their business.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. And then the quick follow-up. With Energy it sounds like on the verge of rebounding, can you just review for us how you're thinking today about operating leverage coming back to the business? I know there's some cost you'd stepped aside from that's probably come back, but how strong could incremental margins be as we look to the next 18 months and the revenue rebounds there? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. Typically, what we've seen in the past and what we expect this year is, let's call this the very early innings of a recovery. And we typically see really margin recovery and a lot of flow-through more in year two than in year one. And that's simply because as you're starting to see volume increase, you're simultaneously seeing some of the raw materials increase, pricing lags a bit. And so you end up with increasing sales, but not significant and sometimes even near-term decelerating margin before it starts expanding again. You also have some costs you've got to add back. The largest cost this year that we're going to have to add back is compensation. So, it's a business because of performance, it hasn't earned bonus over the last several years. They are on track to earn bonus this year, and so we've got to rebuild that. We're also rebuilding some other comp where it matters because the industry heats up, it becomes much more competitive. In total, for the year, I think we're pretty much where we thought we would be last call, and that is we're going to have some year-on-year sales growth in this business. Really, it's going to be a second half story as I alluded to in my opening remarks. And we also expect to be about even to have some minor potential accretion on the operating income line, too, as we start rebuilding comp and that somewhat offsets the volume benefit that we're going to see.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Quealy with Canaccord. Please proceed with your questions.
John Salvatore Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hey, good afternoon. First question, diving back into the foot traffic topic. Inside Specialty and quick serve, did you also see that foot traffic issue or was it, as you've reported, more of a timing issue off a tough comp last year?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. In Specialty, it's more a timing issue, and it's not even just the comp. We've got a lot of new business that's being put on in Specialty right now. They're going to have a very solid year. The quarter is really just sort of an aberration. We've gone through this. As I've always described, that's sort of a  the way they feed their village is through hunting elephants, and they've landed several, but they just haven't brought them back to the village. They're coming. So, even there you've got some of the pressure as a consequence of they've installed a lot of these accounts, but they haven't yet started consuming our product in the first quarter. They're starting to in the second quarter, as they had to run out the old competitive product first. So, that also put pressure on the first quarter margin. There's going to be a little less pressure from that in the second quarter but still some, and all that pressure goes away in the second half as we realize the full effects of the new business volume in Specialty.
John Salvatore Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And as a follow-up, Doug, a broader question, more on people. Sounds like you're adding and rebuilding some channel in the core businesses. Equipment Care seems like it's constrained a bit just trying to get talent for those folks and then Energy, we're adding back some compensation. When you think about broader compensation costs for the platform into 2018 in what could be a rising wage environment, talk about the puts and takes and how you're planning for that. Thanks, guys.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. I don't think we're going to see dramatic wage inflation in 2018 versus 2017. I mean, it's been fairly steady even over the last couple of years. I mean, many of the markets that we compete in are pretty full employment. And we've got several things going for us. One, we've got a great employment brand story. We've got great track record of growth. We're on the right stuff, stuff that matters to people who are joining the workforce in terms of our ability to talk about clean water, safe food, abundant energy and healthy environments. It really does resonate with people we're trying to attract. And in terms of how do you offset the wage pressure, it's really through efficiency programs. So, as we've talked, we've invested a lot in field technology. That's bearing fruit and enabling us to help our team do more and handle more as we take the admin off them and automate that kind of work. We have many more programs like that now that we have the installed base, the field technology in their hands, and that's in the base business or the run rate. So, those are really the steps we have to take, but I wouldn't be signaling that there's going to be some fundamental shift in wage pressures. We've had wage pressure. We expect to continue to have some wage pressure, but I don't think it's going to be at a dramatically different trajectory.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Sure. Now that you've broken out the Life Sciences business, can you maybe talk about medium-term expectations for revenue growth in that segment? And also, would you describe it as an above-average margin business, a business for you today or  what are your outlooks on margin as well?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, Life Sciences business chase (16:30) is a big market. It's very well designed for us. It's dominated by large multinationals who have significant hygiene needs, as you might imagine. With a change in their business model, where they're going from long-run to shorter-run drugs and even cosmetics, changeover is important. And so our ability to help manage changeover time, water consumption, hygiene, all fits very much their needs, and our ability to do it consistently across the globe is also important. So, as we look at this, it already is a higher-than-average margin business. We would expect it to remain so, given the fit for what we do and the critical needs that our customers have in this area. It's going to act a bit like Kay and then it's going to be lumpy, meaning we're going after large customers. They aren't all going to come on smoothly, so I think you're going to see some knockout quarters and other quarters that may be single digits, not double digits. But in total, our expectation for this business is it's a double-digit organic growth business. We will look to see if there are smart acquisitions to be made. But that's to be seen. We're not relying on it. Fundamentally, we've got the capability we need and we can build what we don't, and we're getting after this. So, we're quite excited about this market and the potential.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Sure. And as a follow-up, Europe appeared to be a pretty weak region for you in the first quarter. Would you put Europe in that category of things that you expect to have a second half improvement? Or is this a bit more macro related and should continue to be sluggish here for the full year?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: No, I think Europe will do better as the year goes on. I mean, Europe is a combination of somewhat the environment, but I would also say, I think, there's some things we can do better in Europe. And certainly, we've got a couple of businesses pulling down the overall. I mean, as it stands, what I would say is, we expect Europe to have modest sales growth and modest OI ratio improvement for the year. And what we're going to work hard to do is improve that outlook as we go forward. I don't think it's going to dominate the news in terms of company performance, and I think the forward quarter is going to be better than this one.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Gregory Bardi - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. This is actually Greg calling on for Manav. I just wanted to ask for a little more color on the growth trajectory within Industrial and just any changes that you're seeing in terms of lapping the headwinds, whether it's in heavy or mining.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, I would say heavy, in total, I'll get down to organic, had growth in this quarter and we expect it to accelerate. Mining narrowed its decline, I mean it was low single digits, better than the fourth, which is clearly better than the third. We'd expect mining to start showing growth maybe as early as this quarter, more likely in the third quarter. So, I'm not sure it's all that important, but it's clearly making the progress we expect. And we expect heavy to continue to accelerate throughout the year. The comps for water, for heavy and mining, in particular, improve throughout the year. And so, we'd expect you're going to see overall acceleration in water as a consequence.
Gregory Bardi - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, thanks. And then I know it's a bit early with the Anios deal, but just some early thoughts on how that integration is going and how you guys are looking at the opportunity set?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Under the heading you got to get the big ones right, we are. So, we really  we've liked Anios and admired it for a long time and for good reason. I think everything that we're learning is what a quality company and business it is. It's a lot easier to integrate a business that operates well because in all, the new stuff that you can bring to them and also the ideas you can take from them for the other businesses, it's going on a firm foundation. That's certainly what we have there. So, yeah, Anios, it's growing. We're seeing the operating leverage we expected. We're on track. We believe to deliver good synergy numbers. My hope is that we exceed it this year, we'll see. But yeah, we feel very good about it, still early days, but it's off to the right start.
Gregory Bardi - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Roberts with UBS. Please proceed with your questions.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. Any thoughts on competing against Diversey or GE Water under the new owners? I'm curious whether that's behind the back half of the year new win improvement that you're talking about.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, I would certainly say I think anytime a company goes through a transition like the one that either GE Water or Diversey has to go through, i.e., a big ownership change, certainly causes distraction. We've seen it in the past. We expect to see it going forward, and we aren't shy about working to capitalize on it. We feel it's our responsibility. So, we have  let's just say, I talked about the Institutional efforts. We have very strong efforts everywhere to get after new business. We had a good first quarter from a new business standpoint. We had a very significant ratio against our key competitors in terms of win/loss, I would say stronger ratios than we had in 2016, which were quite strong as well, so we're all over this. I wouldn't say that's the reason we're confident we can accelerate, but it's certainly another, I guess, thought to put in the back. So, we'll accelerate.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: And then costs are up for caustic, chlorine, propylene derivatives. Is that a big part of the cost headwind that you're talking about in the release? Or is it just one other thing among a lot of things?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, I think caustic and propylene, in particular, caustic's up this year for us. It's a main raw material in our Institutional F&B businesses, in particular. We also have propylene, which is expected to peak in the second quarter as new capacity comes on, as we go forward. And I think propylene run-up was the surprise that we had early in this year versus expectations. Caustic, we expected to see go up, and it did go up.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: Good afternoon. So, two questions. One, can you give a little bit more detail on the retention issues you flagged with the technicians for the equipment repair services business? And secondly, with the run rate that you're seeing in the back half of this year, to get there, you flagged a bunch of sort of one-off-ish factors that you think will slip away and let the underlying momentum show up. As we're thinking about the bridge into 2018, do you think the back half is a good run rate? Or should some of these one-off lumpiness factors come back into the bridge?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, I'll do the second first question. No, I think the second half, it'd be a more realistic run rate model for what we would expect in 2018 in the first. I mean, the first had  the single largest impact is hedging, and hedging is going to account for literally like a 4.5 point with a 5-point drag on EPS, 5 percentage points, 500 basis points in the first quarter. It's going to be 4 in the second, so 4.5 for the first half all by itself. It does go away. It's simply  these were foreign hedges that we put on in a rising dollar environment. It's really not that there are huge negative costs in the first half. We're just comparing against a year-ago period, where you had very favorable contributions from the hedging activity as the dollar was rising. So, you got to go  we normalize, we look at our GP progression ex-hedge to understand really what's going on underneath, and it's all the stuff you would expect, which is why we're very quite confident in the second half. So, we do not expect next year to have year-on-year hedging impacts, simply because we aren't benefiting this year from them. So, there's nothing really to compare against. The others were sort of oddities, and normally you don't get this many stacked up, but a lot of it's good news. We're investing in new technologies for institutional solids. We have a lot of new business wins, where we have a lot of installs focused on a specific quarter, where we're not realizing the volume from those installs, but you're realizing the cost. We typically don't have this many stacked up at one time and in a couple quarter period. I don't mind it, but it does make GP look artificially low for a period of time, and we know that goes away. Based on our history, this is unusual. If it happened again, I would explain it again and be happy about it again. In terms of GCS, it's really not a retention change. Retention's always been a bit of a challenge there in the field workforce. We spend more than other people training our team. They get poached at times by competitors. There's not a change in retention of our employee base. What's changed is just how fast we've been able to add on new people to replace those that are leaving. And there, we got a little bit behind in Q4 and are catching up on Q1. I don't think this is going to be an ongoing challenge for the business. It's just a bit of a near-term challenge.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar with Citigroup. Please proceed with your questions.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yes. Hi. Good afternoon. Your QSR trends were a little slow this quarter compared to last year and some recent trends. Can you talk a little bit about that? A lot of new restaurant chains that are opening up and taking share away from old chains and just tell us how you're positioned with the new chains.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. No, I think our QSR business, I'm not worried about at all. You're right, the quarter was a little bit soft in terms of growth rate, I mean, but it's still growing at what five and change. But it's going to accelerate throughout the year. We've sold a bunch of business in that  in QSR. And we've rolled it out a lot of it, we're going to start seeing the volume coming in, in the second quarter, and we'll enjoy 100% of it kind of at run rate in the second half. So, it's just a timing issue. It's nothing fundamentally wrong or to worry about our QSR business.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And also, your Energy business, the peak was in 2014. Do you see that business going back to that level at some point? I'm not looking for a year or a date. Or is there something change structurally in that business, where customers are using less chemicals per barrel of oil or something like that? Is it all cyclical or you think there may be some structural change that has happened? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. I don't think we've seen the peak sales and OI in our Energy business for all time by any stretch. So, yeah, I think ultimately we'll reach and I would expect to exceed those levels down the road. Has there been change in the industry? Yeah, I would say all kinds. And in some areas, yeah, it's more efficient, we're more efficient. It can take less chemical in some cases, but there are other applications that take more. The net story that we've always talked about, which is easy oil transitioning to harder-to-get oil is still fundamentally the driver and that has not changed. So, that market continues to become more attractive over time as exploration picks up, which really isn't this year, but we think more meaningfully in 2018 and really in 2019. They're going to have to go after the harder-to-find oil because the easy oil's gone and when they do that, the average, if you will, consumption of our technology per barrel will continue to rise and that's the fundamentals in the business. So, we plan on continuing to gain share. The market will recover. It's not going to be identical to the business that we had in 2014 because that industry continues to evolve and will continue to evolve, but I think we're in great shape to evolve with it and continue to increase our competitiveness.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Christopher Parkinson with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your questions.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Thank you. Can you just walk us through the recent improvements in Food & Beverage? And also whether or not you believe you'll see the full benefits of the strengthening North American sales team throughout the balance of this year? Or do you think that's all going to also be a theme in 2018 as well?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, look, I mean, several things. Yeah, I think F&B you saw acceleration. We expect continued improvement throughout the year as we go forward. So, we expect the second half to be stronger than the first half. The team has been investing in more corporate account head count, I think, wisely. That business has been successful over a long period of time, probably analysis the team did said hadn't been expanding the corporate accounting probably as fast as we've been expanding share and if we want to continue to have capacity there, we got to add to it which they've been doing. And I think it's already showing that it was the right move. So, I don't know, I remain  yeah, I would expect that business to be better this year, and knowing what we know now, I would say we should at least hold that growth rate moving into 2018.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. And just very quickly on the Pest Elimination business, you mentioned you saw strong growth in North America and APAC, but can you just comment on the key puts and takes in Latin America and then Europe in both the short and long term? And also, just the overall longer-term view of that business, is that a segment which you'd consider doing M&A in, as well as any other initiatives? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, well, we love the Pest business, and so absolutely, on your M&A question, and we've done M&A and we would be a happy acquirer of a good business at a reasonable price. It's the second part of that equation that's been hard to find recently. People have been paying, in our mind, too rich of multiples in pest. Pest is attractive for many reasons, but one of its real attractiveness is its return on invested capital. It doesn't require a lot of capital. The only way you screw that equation up is you pay too much for a business. Now you've got too much invested and you've lost the heart or the secret to that business, in a sense. So, we're going to be wise people as it comes to M&A. In terms of what's going on, it's really more a Europe story. Latin America's a relatively small business, and Europe is just sort of  you get paid as you serve. Our service calendar was a little out of whack in the first quarter. There's catch-up activity underway in the second quarter, and so I'm confident ultimately that all comes back around and I'm not really worried about the Pest business. I think those guys are doing the right things and they've got good momentum.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tim Mulrooney with William Blair. Please proceed with your questions.
Tim M. Mulrooney - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yeah. Good morning. I know the drilling business was up double digits in the fourth quarter. How did that do in the first quarter?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. It was up double digits in the first quarter. I mean, grew faster, obviously, than in the fourth.
Tim M. Mulrooney - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Did the completion business, the other part of WellChem, did that follow suit in the first quarter? Is that continuing to improve as well, or is that piece of the business still in kind of a holding period?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, WellChem was up just north of 20% in the first quarter. We expect it to continue to accelerate based on our projection of what's going to happen in terms of rigs and rig activity.
Tim M. Mulrooney - William Blair & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks. And just one more, shifting gears to your Global Industrial margins. It looked like they took a step back in the first quarter, I think down 60 basis points on a fixed currency basis. Was that driven by the re-segmentation? Or just generally, what are the main puts and takes there?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. I would say the big noise in the Industrial business was hedge, particularly in the water business. If you get out  so in water, I think it was off 70 basis points, and 50 basis points of that was a hedge. So, that's the dominant story there. And that's a little bit just kind of one-time comparison. If you take it out, you start seeing the natural trajectory you would expect to see in our Industrial gross profit margin. They are getting pricing. Pricing accelerated in the first quarter for our Industrial businesses versus what they were able to get last year, so they're on track in terms of doing what they need to do to offset raws. Once the hedge comes off, which is after second quarter, I think you'll see a more natural view of their GP.
Tim M. Mulrooney - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mike Harrison with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your questions.
Michael J. Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Hi, good afternoon. Doug, this may be the first press release I've ever seen that referred to the Angolan kwanza as a component of the FX impact. Wanted to see if you could talk a little bit about within the Energy business, North America growing faster than international. How does that really affect the business? Is it really just where  in drilling and completion, where you guys have a significantly higher share within North America or does that extend to the production chemicals as well or the downstream piece? And then also curious about the margin impact of that. Is the international side higher margin than the North American side of Energy?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, there's not a significant gross profit difference one to the other. And so here's what's going on. I mean, you would see this in other Energy-related businesses. So, North America went into whatever you want to call that, a recession, clearly much earlier than the balance of the world, and they're coming out of it earlier than the other parts of the world. So, if you will, the Vs just aren't lined up, U.S. versus international. It's really driven by structure of the industry. Much of the international business or big hunks of it are owned by governments. It's used to pay their bills. So, when oil dropped, they actually worked to up their production. That works for a while, but without new CapEx, you can't keep at that pace forever. So you're starting to see that curtail and it will continue to curtail until they start drilling again. U.S. business dropped off dramatically in terms of its productivity when the oil price dropped because it's more privately owned, and so it reacts to the market and doesn't chase lower-margin business with more dollars, which other parts of the world will. But now you're seeing it rebound as the oil price rebounds and they're starting to chase the opportunity. The big picture in the oil market, I would say, is that you're starting to see a rebalance of supply and demand. So, demand this year is projected to be 1.2% growth, and production right now in the first quarter was down 0.4%. So, that's the stuff that everybody needed to see. We're going to see oil bounce around, we always thought, we talked $45 to $55. We didn't expect a big recovery this year in terms of oil price. We think that's more a 2018 story. We also don't see oil falling off a cliff either. And so I think there's slow improvement in activity, which we're seeing is  what we're going to continue to see until we start seeing prices more in the 60s and north, and there's a great deal of confidence that that's really going to stay. When you see that, I think you're going to see a big upturn in activity, and that's when you're going to see even faster growth than we're projecting now for our business. Good news is, though, our Energy business, it's no longer a drag on the business. I think it'd be minorly accretive, but just being neutral is a significant improvement over the last two years and going forward, this business can be a very strong piece of our growth story.
Michael J. Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: All right. And then turning over to the Institutional division, I was wondering if you could comment on the impact of the travel ban as well as the strong dollar on the hospitality industry and the tourism industry in North America.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, I don't  I would say this. Room demand isn't  it slowed a bit in North America. It was better in Europe and parts around the world, so I just don't think the lodging isn't really the story. I really think it's what we talked about earlier. What we saw that was unusual and correlates with sort of what we see in our metrics was consumption was down in U.S. restaurants. It wasn't negative, it was just much slower growth than we've seen in the past. And that's a hole or volume that we thought we were going to see that we didn't see, but we believe it's overcome-able by getting after and stepping on new business activity, which the team's done. And I would just say this, our U.S. Institutional team is very strong, they're very good when focused and they're very focused.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Hamzah Mazari with Macquarie. Please proceed with your questions.
Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Yes. Thank you. The first question is just around M&A. Given some of the larger assets have changed hands already, maybe just refresh us on your ability or appetite to do a larger deal versus sort of return of cash at this stage.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, on our appetite, we'd be very comfortable doing a deal of size as long as we feel it's going to be a good deal for us. The story about the asset, just as when is quite complicated. So, I would just say that doesn't change my view. I think I even said a year ago, I'd be surprised if we do a big deal in the very near term and quite surprised if we don't do one over the next five, six years. I think that my view still holds there. So, our appetite isn't diminished at all. I think we just go in eyes wide open and try to fully understand what the risks are and the challenges are in any deal and as a consequence, what price makes sense.
Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. And just a follow-up, you mentioned earnings were back-end loaded. Obviously, there's a lag in terms of your pricing. Could you just remind us, how many of your contracts are cost-plus? Is there a greater lag on pricing in certain segments or business lines versus others? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Really in Energy, it's about 30%. Water's just a little south of that in terms of percent. Those are where we have the big cost-plus contracts, there's a few others spattered across the other segments, but they're not significant. But, yeah, those will always lag. I mean, they lag going down, and they lag going up simply because you've got to realize the cost in your business before you're going to be  before you're able to price for them.
Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. A lot of the questions have been answered, but let me just follow up on the strength that you guys are seeing in Paper and textile, particularly Paper, the market that I know you weren't very enamored with when you bought Nalco. But since they've been doing better and picking up momentum over the last several quarters, so I'm just wondering if it's just better execution or if the market's coming back and kind of what you're feeling about that business these days.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, since all my prior stance seems to have worked, I'm going to tell you I'm still not enamored with the business because it seems to spur them on. Now I would say that's not really  where we were on that is, I just said as a stand-alone, we probably wouldn't have bought it. But as a business that came along, it was a pretty darn good business in many respects. We haven't changed our feeling on it. It's got a great team, and I think the team has gotten better. So, how are they growing it? It's called the old-fashioned way. New business, they've had new technology. They're gaining share, they're doing smart things in terms of getting their portfolio to be more focused on where you see growth in that industry like tissue, towel and boxes versus newsprint and other materials, so those have been smart moves. They don't happen overnight, so it's been an ongoing effort. So, yeah, you've seen sales acceleration. As they keep selling new business, they're going to keep seeing sales acceleration. And I think they've managed the challenges successfully. So, I don't  that's the story there. Textile is not that fundamentally different. If you sell new business, good things happen, and if you don't, they don't.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: The restaurant comment you made about sort of foot traffic not coming back as strongly or being maybe not down, but certainly slower. We've heard some version of that, not just from you, but from other industry participants. Going back to really the recession, if not all the way back to 9/11, is there a secular trend here that people are just not eating out as much around the world? And should we start thinking about this industry as basically being a flattish industry, where any growth you guys get is a bonus or not?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, I mean, same-store sales, look, I don't think is the singular metric that drives our business  or, excuse me, traffic. Traffic's been down, I think, every year since 2008. I keep asking the team, is there one person left to walk into our restaurant based on these metrics. Clearly, if you look at the sales in that industry, they were also up over most of those years. And yeah, there are changes going on in that industry. They're not dramatic. I don't think they're going to hit huge inflection points, but we watch them. So, certainly there's higher percent of takeout than there was 10 years ago. I'd expect in 10 years, there'll be even a higher takeout than there is right now. So, you see some of these changes over time. With that said, the challenges in that industry simultaneously continue to increase. People continue to get into that business, start new concepts, grow their business, food safety, clean labels, i.e., organic food without additives and the like. All these things are also impacting that business and our customers, and our ability in food safety is more important even today than it was 5 years ago and 10 years ago. So, I guess  I think when I take all of the shifts that are going on in that industry and net it out, it's still quite an attractive market for us, both in the U.S. and around the world. And we have significant share possibilities, not only in the U.S., but in particular, around the world, that we continue to get after.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Last question, sort of, bookkeeping question, what should be the tax  what's a good tax rate assumption for you guys for the year? Is it the 25% that you did in this quarter?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. I think we've said 24% to 25%.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: 24% to 25%. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Andy Wittmann with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your questions.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask on Energy, in particular, around the pricing, clearly you guys have had to concede a little bit of price and I think that was even a bit of a factor in 1Q. Doug, I was just wondering, when the price comps and the healthier customers get to the point where that could inflect at least neutral, if not positive, is that part of your forecast for the rest of this year when you talk about the flat  the top line being flat to up modestly?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yes. So, last year, we talked, we had probably lost about 3 points of top line to price in that business. And it started getting modestly better as we went throughout the year last year. We saw continued improvement in the first quarter. Second half, I would say it would be neutral to positive on price.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Interesting. And then just regarding the double-digit increases on the drilling side of the business, there's just been this trend in the industry to make kind of the fracked wells, in particular, in North America consume more sand and make them much more efficient than they've been even a year or two ago. Does the same go for chemical? Are you  is your double-digit increases in your drilling revenues driven by the number of wells or the amount of chemical that's consumed by the new technologies being used in the wells?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. I would say, right now, it's more a reflection of rig count increase and activity increase. Yeah. I would say several things. I mean, what we've been working on products and programs and have them, that reduces the need for companies conducting a frac in terms of how much water they need, how much sand they need, et cetera, to conduct this. Less is better. And we'd rather cannibalize ourselves than get cannibalized. Some instances, it takes less chemical, and there are other applications where it would take more of our product to get that same result. I think, over time, I mean, this kind of shifting of how much technology it takes to get an end result, I think, if you look over any long period of time, it typically gets more efficient. We would expect that to continue to be true, but challenges continue to grow. And so the need for technology evolves. So, I had somebody try to say that fracking's going to disappear, and I do not think that's the way to think about it. It's going to continue to evolve and change, but there are plenty of opportunities for us to introduce new programs that bring great benefit to those conducting a frac that's going to represent new opportunity for us even as others may dissipate slightly.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel. Please proceed with your questions.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Thank you. Most of my questions have been answered. I just have a couple nits I want to ask about. Doug, how do you feel about the organic growth in the Healthcare business? It's definitely on a better trajectory than it's been prior to this Anios acquisition. How do you feel about the existing business and the ability to improve the growth over there over the next several years?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, well, Healthcare, yeah, clearly has improved. I mean, it's a 5% underlying organic rate, if you peel out Anios and the other. And, look, I think the team's doing a very good job. I mean they went through and are doing a lot of integration work that started even before, obviously, the close of Anios. They continue to drive and accelerate their underlying business. So, the work that we did and the work that team did around getting clarity around the program, clarity around the message for customers, adding resources where they needed them, we've continued to add additional talent into that team and it's paying dividends. So, where am I? Yeah, I'm proud that the team's been able to build this up to 5%. And then the other side of me is greedy, and I think that team's capable of doing even more, and it's only because I think they're great. So, 5% is good, 7% is better, that's our focus.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And just a follow-up, where does the Swisher integration stand? We're still calling out costs for the integration and stuff on that a little while after I would have expected.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, us too. It took us longer to exit the hygiene business than we had planned, which delayed our exit from a number of facilities because we had to continue to operate it until we could move it. And so it was a couple quarters after we had thought we were going to be able to move it. So, that delayed a number of things. That's why you're seeing some of the charges come through now versus, say, third quarter of last year, et cetera. In total, I think the Swisher noise is really going to be out of the business come third quarter as we go through. So, then it's just going to be a completely natural part. The exiting and the comparison with hygiene and all the other stuff will be out of the base.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company. Please proceed with your questions.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - G.research LLC: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Doug, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the different categories in Food & Beverage, mostly trends that you see in dairy, in farms, in protein. Can you help me understand what is happening there?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, the most significant probably underlying change would be in dairy. Clearly, dairy was under a lot of pressure. The market's improved somewhat. I don't know that all dairy producers would call it a victory yet, but it certainly helps as we've gone through. Food continues to be pressured by consolidation. There's a lot of, obviously, big headline acquisitions that have been made in that industry. Some others that seem to be contemplated, but not consummated. And brewery beverage is strong and that's more a continuing story. So, the inflection one would be mostly in our dairy business.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - G.research LLC: Do you see that decline in dairy being impacted by the fact that there is negative advertisement, justifyingly so, about cow's milk? It's not supposed to be good for you. Is that having an impact?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: I don't  you know what, I don't believe so. I honestly haven't seen those advertisements, but of course, I live in a state that borders Wisconsin, so we wouldn't likely be airing them in this market. So, anyway, no, I would say if anything dairy has gotten better because it was so depressed. I have not seen any impact from the advertising you talked about.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - G.research LLC: Okay. And then lastly, you said that the world of energy has changed a lot since 2014 and you expect that it will become substantially bigger over time. How about the margin? Has the change affected the margins in one direction or another?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: I don't think we feel that our ability to earn the type of margins that we were earning or targeted has changed. So, the margins have been most impacted near term just by loss of volume on a fixed overhead base, particularly in plants. And so I think as this business comes back, which we expect it to, as we continue to roll out technology and the needs for technology continue to grow as old oil becomes new oil, which is harder oil and needs more technology, we think we'll continue to see margin expansion. Now, that's all predicated on us being a great value-added supplier to our customers. Only reason people are going to pay margin to us is if they get great value, and I think our team understands that. Stuff we have on the drawing board, we are quite pleased with. Stuff that we're launching, we think has got great runway. So, I mean, we remain bullish about this business.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - G.research LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher Evans - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, Doug. This is Chris Evans on for Bob. I was wondering if you could describe some of the strategic rationale for carving out the Life Sciences division. Earlier you gave some pretty favorable organic growth estimates. I was just wondering if you could also add in maybe some of the industry structures, the competitors you'll be going against and maybe your thoughts on inorganic opportunities in that new sub-segment.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, the reason we broke it out is it creates focus. So, previously, we've been serving the Life Sciences industry in part from the F&B business and in part from the Healthcare business. And both were doing a good job with the tools at hand, but neither had a complete set of tools. So, if anything, once we decided to do it, we wondered why it took us so long. That's a shot at myself. So, getting focused, I mean, think the Kay business going after QSR, textile, going after textile, we have many examples of this. That's how we succeed. So, now we've got a freestanding business. It was a significant investment last year and we're still paying some of the incremental investment this year in the first half before we fully lap it. And the second, has enabled us to have dedicated corporate account teams, dedicated marketing teams, dedicated corporate account finance teams to really understand how to develop and position programs to specifically meet this industry's need. The structure is multinationals, which is what we like, fragmented competitive set, which is what we like. So, by and large, what we're competing against is a lot of regional folks who are offering services to this industry. And so our ability to put together a global program we believe will give us the same kind of advantage here that it does in other industries we serve because certainly the pharma need for consistency, you might imagine, would be fairly high in areas that we're serving. So, I don't know if that helps give you color. Big business, plenty of opportunity. We can grow without doing M&A. If we see M&A that works, we'll certainly be quite open to it.
Christopher Evans - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's great. And then just you cited higher delivered cost across to your segments. I was wondering if you could give a little bit more color on this specific breakdown on 1Q and maybe the cadence of expectations, how you'd plan to address those for the remainder of the year.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. I think if you look at  it's kind of a combination of just underlying commodity costs starting to rise and then transaction costs and foreign currency that  because a lot of these are U.S. dollar denominated, so if I'm buying them in reals, et cetera, I got to pay a higher price given the devaluation over time. We see that rising, ironically peaking around the second quarter. Part of this is the propylene conversation we had earlier, but still being somewhat a year-on-year drag in three and four, which is not at the same level, but overcome by pricing. And I talked earlier that we have pricing traction. Pricing is never easy. We're getting it. Institutional, I think was ahead on ramping up its pricing activity last year, trying to get in front of the caustic moves and some of the other stuff they knew was coming. And you see the Industrial businesses now accelerating their pricing activity, which they need to do, given the increased raw materials facing them. So, I guess, we're confident we're going to end up with some daylight between the costs we realize incremental on raws and FX related to raws and the pricing that we're going to get.
Christopher Evans - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is from the line of Dan Dolev with Instinet. Please go ahead with your questions.
Dan Dolev - Instinet LLC: Hey, thanks for taking my question. Can you talk a little bit about, is there any chance that some of the weakness in Institutional could be because of a tougher competitive environment? I mean, specifically, we know at least some companies that used to be traditionally in other businesses like uniform rental are starting to make a bigger push into like hygiene and some of your legacy product. Can you maybe talk about that competitive environment? Thanks.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, I guess  no, I would not say  I mean, look, we do a lot of analysis on our business to understand retention, new business, acquisition and sort of current customer consumption. Retention really  I mean, if you look at our historic retention rates, I mean, we're under  we're better retention rates than we've been historically in that business. So, if it was competitive activity, you would see it in worsening retention rates, and that's just not what we're seeing as really the story. The big dip is in kind of same-store consumption. It's not a loss of product placements, if you will, in those units. It's a loss of consumption across those products. And that's the story. So, we aren't  we don't believe that we're infallible or unbeatable or anything else, we pay a lot of attention to competition. I just don't think that's the story.
Dan Dolev - Instinet LLC: But do you even see that traditional uniform rental competitor in  when you compete for business, or are they not in the same categories?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, I don't know that that's really a huge piece of emphasis for them, to be quite honest. I mean, they just made a large acquisition. They've been quite successful in the businesses they're in. I just  I don't know that that's really an avenue they're going. I don't know that it lends itself. I mean, that's a little bit  they're a much better executor, I would say. They're a good company, does a very good job in the businesses they're in, but it's hard to take people in one set of business and make them kitchen hygiene people just because they're in the back of the restaurant. That was Swisher's play. It wasn't very successful, although I grant you, and I think the company you're talking about is a much better executor.
Dan Dolev - Instinet LLC: I agree with that. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I will turn the floor back to Mike Monahan for closing remarks.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: Thank you. That wraps up our first quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated discussion to slides will be available for replay on our website. Thank you for your time and participation. Our best wishes for the rest of the day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-21 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc. Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc. Daniel J. Schmechel - Ecolab, Inc.
Analysts: Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC John Salvatore Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc. John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC Tim M. Mulrooney - William Blair & Co. LLC Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company Yiqin Gao - Nationwide Insurance Co.
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Ecolab's fourth quarter 2016 earnings release conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Mike Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Communications. Mr. Monahan, you may now begin.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's fourth quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO; and Dan Schmechel, our CFO. A discussion of our results along with our earnings release and the slides referencing this quarter's results and our outlook are available on the Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements on these materials stating that this teleconference, the discussion and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Form 10-K under Item 1A, Risk Factors, and in our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with a brief overview of the quarter, continued attractive new business gains and new product introductions drove solid acquisition-adjusted fixed currency growth in our Institutional, Industrial and Other segments during the fourth quarter. These were offset by a moderating underlying sales decline in the Energy segment, though previously discussed one-time sales impacts in both this and last year resulted in a wider posted decrease for that business. Product innovation and ongoing cost efficiency work led the total company's adjusted fixed currency operating margin expansion, more than offsetting the impact of soft economies, challenging end markets and continued currency headwinds. These drove the fourth quarter's 2% adjusted earnings per share increase, which includes a 2 percentage point currency translation headwind. Moving to some highlights from the quarter and as discussed in our press release, consolidated acquisition-adjusted fixed currency sales for Institutional, Industrial and Other segments grew 4%, but were offset by lower Energy sales period. Regional fixed currency sales growth was led by Latin America. Reported operating margins increased 710 basis points. Adjusted fixed currency operating margins expanded 20 basis points, as continued sales growth from our Institutional, Industrial and Other segments as well as pricing and cost efficiencies offset lower Energy results. In 2016's difficult operating environment, we focused on driving new business gains by helping customers to lower their costs. We used our industry-leading product innovation and service strengths to help customers achieve the best results and lowest operating costs and, through these, aggressively drive new account gains across all of our segments. We expect 2017's external environment to show continued sluggish economic growth, higher delivered product costs, reduced but still unfavorable currency translation effects and gradually improving fundamentals in the energy markets. We will again work aggressively to drive our growth, employing the same fundamental approach, win new business using our innovative new products and a sharp focus on sales execution, and along with pricing and cost efficiencies, grow our top and bottom lines at improved rates. We look for strong earnings growth in 2017, significantly outperforming the headwinds. We look for a better year-on-year acquisition-adjusted fixed currency growth in our Institutional, Industrial, and Other segments, as they once again work aggressively to outpace their markets, leveraging investments we have made to further improve sales and service force effectiveness and profitability. We expect Energy to be modestly accretive to sales and earnings growth, as it benefits from a more stable market. We believe our actions will lead to better growth and stronger comparisons in the second half of the year versus the first half for Ecolab in 2017 with forecasted adjusted diluted earnings per share in the $4.70 to $4.90 range this year, increasing 8% to 12% including unfavorable $0.07 per share or 2 percentage point currency impact to earnings. In summary, despite a very challenging global, economic, and market environment, we expect to deliver strong adjusted diluted EPS growth in 2017. And now, here's Doug Baker with some comments.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Thank you, Mike. So I'm just going to touch on first the fourth quarter and then thoughts on 2017. So first, Q4, we had, going into the quarter, forecast that our Institutional, Industrial, and Other businesses would see better Q4 sales acceleration than Q3 and that our Energy business would deliver roughly the same sales and OI in Q4 as it did in Q3. Our Energy forecast turned out to be spot on. Its business is stabilized in the top line and improved on the bottom line with operating income up 45% in the second half versus the first half on similar sales. Our Institutional, Industrial, and Other businesses did accelerate, but not as much as anticipated in Q4. Sales grew 50 basis points faster, but we projected a little north of 100 basis points. The lower acceleration plus a negative $0.01 of FX versus our forecast, and it was a rounding $0.01, drove the delta versus the midpoint of our Q4 range or $0.03. Underneath, the business is fairly solid with improvements in both industrial and institutional sectors, and our heavy up investments in healthcare and Life Sciences are gaining traction. Finally, even as we recognized some softness in the fourth quarter, we purposely chose to stay the course on our investments and inventory reduction plans given our view moving into 2017. So let's talk this year. Importantly, we moved into the year with solid fundamentals and lessening headwinds. We expect to deliver double-digit adjusted EPS growth as indicated by the midpoint of our range. The forecast we have is built on the following assumptions: similar overall global growth environment; continued solid Institutional, Industrial, and Other growth with the business accelerating for the year; a stable energy market with oil trading in the $50 to $60 a barrel range; modest raw material inflation that we will offset by pricing; stabilizing dollar driving modest FX unfavorability for the year; and some first-half negative impact as FX hedges unwind. Given the timing of the hedge unwinds and the raw material increases which are front-end loaded and our typical pricing delay, we will see better EPS growth in the second half, but we will see growth in all four quarters and a return ultimately to more normal Ecolab-like performance. So with that, I'm going to turn it to Mike and then we'll open up to questions in a minute.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: Thanks. That concludes our formal remarks. A final note before we start Q&A. We plan to hold our annual tour of our booth at the National Restaurant Association Show in Chicago on Monday, May 22. Looking further ahead, we also plan to hold our 2017 Investor Day in St. Paul on Thursday, September 7. If you have any questions, please contact my office. Operator, please begin the question-and-answer period.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from the line of Gary Bisbee with RBC. Please go ahead with your questions.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. I guess maybe I'll just start out with the Energy business. A two-part question. The energy industry CapEx outlook calls for a sharp rebound in U.S. shale, but pretty lackluster outside of that. Given you make more money in that business, I guess I just wanted to get a sense for how you're thinking about your Energy business? And the second part more specifically, your prepared remarks said that drilling fluids were doing well but that the well completion didn't as much. Is there any reason that would continue, or was that something more specific to this quarter? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: We think the well completion will build throughout the year and start coming around even in this quarter particularly in North America. Yeah, I mean I think there're two energy markets right now. North America is clearly turning and the rest of the world has not yet turned and probably we won't expect to see a turn there until the second half of this year. But with that said, I think our view on the Energy business is clearly more favorable than the last couple of years. We view that we think it will be minorly accretive both on a top line basis and a bottom line basis for the year. It's going to show kind of steady improvement on the top line throughout the year. The first quarter, we would expect sales to be slightly under first quarter of last year, but have positive OI. And the real question for us, we do not forecast any big upturn occurring in 2017. We think that's more a 2018 story. And we'll have to see how we plan to build some resources moving into 2018 at the end of the year. But that's going to be a story we'll talk about in subsequent quarters. Right now, I would say we're fairly  we view this year as sort of a transition year in the Energy business, but it's certainly not going to be a drag like it has been the last two years.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. And then to follow up just quickly, how are you planning or how did you fund the recent acquisition in Europe? And any color you'd provide on how we should think about modeling the profitability of that or growth of that asset, any thoughts there. Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Dan Schmechel happens to be here. Why don't you answer that, Dan?
Daniel J. Schmechel - Ecolab, Inc.: Sure. So given what we're buying here, our European assets, our intent is to fund it effectively in the European debt market, where the rates are currently very attractive.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of John Quealy with Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed with your question.
John Salvatore Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hi, good afternoon. First question, can you talk a little bit about inflationary pressures across the business? And how should we think about the lag between any price gains and any raw material pressures that you have? How do we think about that by segment?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: We would expect that you're going to see a change. We already started to see it in the fourth quarter in some of the businesses. The price lag usually is several quarters for us. And we say within the first 12 months we typically recover the absolute dollar of the inflation in raw materials through pricing, but we don't recover the margin usually for another year. It just takes a while. We tend to try to go through and do this on a more smooth basis. You've got, though, in certain businesses, Water and Energy in particular, a number of cost-plus contracts. Those usually always lag a quarter or two both on the down and on the up as we go through, and those are already pre-negotiated changes, and that represents often about 25% of their business. So I think what you would expect to see this year is we're going to have some margin pressure from inflation in the first couple of quarters. That's both raw material increases and the FX hedges unwinding, but it's going to be offset by pricing as you move into quarters three and four, and that's pretty much across the board.
John Salvatore Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay, thank you. And then on the follow-up, Healthcare posted another good organic gain, and I think this is a couple of quarters in a row of better than corporate growth there. Can you talk a little bit about what's going on in your outlook there for 2017? Thank you, folks.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Healthcare, as we've been talking, we felt good about the plans and the progress we have made in Healthcare, and it always takes a few quarters to show up. But a couple of things, we had a 6% quarter in Q4 in terms of Healthcare growth. It was really driven. We have created two business units in Healthcare, if you will. There's the acute care, still focused on hospitals principally. We also have a Life Sciences business unit. The acute care has continued to accelerate. It did a 4% in Q4 and the Life Sciences did 14%. And moving into Q1, we would expect the acute care to accelerate from 4% to 6%  5% or 6%, and the Life Sciences is going to be around 14% again or mid-teens. So both sides of that business are doing, I would say, better and they've got very good traction on both sides. And it's driven the old-fashioned way, by great focus on new business activity and leveraging innovation to drive new business. So for the year, we have a fairly bullish outlook, very similar to first quarter. That's how we see the year progressing.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your questions.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Sure, so over the last couple of years, the Water segment has been dragged by weak results in the mining industry in particular. When you look out to 2017, do you think you'll mostly have lapped that, and what are your growth expectations for that business?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: I'll address mining first. I think mining improved dramatically throughout the year, but it was still down mid-single digits in the fourth quarter. We would expect mining to probably trip into positive territory, either Q1 or Q2 latest, as we go through this year. If you look at Water in total, I think the Water story next year we think is going to be a  it will be a significant improvement. There's a lot of things that have been going on in the Water business that we feel very good about. It always takes a couple of quarters. But the fundamental story there is strong new business activity, strong innovation activity, and 2017 is just fundamentally a better market for Water than 2016, not even expecting turnarounds in a number of industries. But stabilization in mining and steel and a number of other heavy industries, it will do just fine. The Light business, which has not been impacted by what I would call segment softness, grew 7% in the fourth quarter, and we expect similar-type results next year.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And then on the recent acquisition of Laboratoires Anios, should we think about the operating margins as similar to Ecolab's legacy European segment, or are they closer to the Global Institutional segment margins?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: They're closer. They're somewhere in between, but closer to the Institutional margins than they are certainly to the average European margins. So it was an attractive business from a profitability standpoint, innovation standpoint, positioning standpoint, so we're quite happy that we were able to close on that business.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. Good afternoon. I just wanted to  your guidance for 2017 calls for more Ecolab-like growth, I guess, and I think rough math would suggest you're probably still looking for somewhere short of mid-single digits, maybe just around then. I was just wondering. What does it take or what do you need to get to those 6% to 8% type targets you've always set out for the longer term?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: I think from a top line standpoint, we need all businesses moving, and so Energy this year will be, as we said, modestly accretive on the top line, but certainly not  we don't think it will be growing into the 6% to 8% for the full year simply because you're starting with a minor hole in first quarter as you go in. And we are not predicting a dramatic recovery in that business globally in 2017. We think it's in front of us. But certainly the top line this year will be positive that we have enough I think sales growth to overcome what we predict will be a fairly modest negative from currency, and I think you'll see our overall business improve and perform. In our Institutional, Industrial, and Other businesses this year, the combined, we expect our results in 2017 to be more favorable than 2016 from a top line standpoint too. So these businesses are all moving in the right direction. And I would expect next year I think you'll see a normal top line type performance because energy will be in a more favorable market.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it, okay. And then I know there's a lot of moving pieces with obviously the new administration, but I was hoping you could give us some color on maybe what the moving parts would be for your business in terms of your supply chain with respect to the border tax proposals and so forth. Any color there would be helpful.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: One, I think none of us know ultimately what a tax proposal will look like, and there's a lot of work being done obviously in DC. Let's say the Brady Plan with the border adjustability provision was passed. It would be favorable for us. We don't take any solace in that because fundamentally we don't think that's ultimately what's going to probably get through, but who knows? I think the bigger question is what's its impact on the overall economy and many of our customers which is also a big concern for us and maybe even a bigger concern. And so we're also quite hopeful that we're able to get something done on corporate tax. We'd like a lot of the provisions in what I'll call the Brady proposal. I'm not totally comfortable with the border adjustability just as a big, big bet on a big piece of our economy and nobody knows exactly how it plays out and that seems to us unwarranted because the other parts of the proposal, we think, are almost guaranteed wins. So we have to let it play out. If it did pass exactly like it is, our tax rate would likely go down.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of John Roberts with UBS. Please proceed with your questions.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. Doug, Food & Beverage right after the Nalco deal was one of the higher growth areas because of the synergies. It's become one of the lower growth areas recently. Have we just lapped the opportunities or is there a way to get that business growing faster again?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. I think we believe F&B is going to grow faster in 2017 than 2016 for two reasons. One, it had a very steady, successful new business campaign. They certainty were in markets this year that were impacted. I mean, dairy has been a tough market, agri has been a tough market and you also have just a lot of consolidations going on, some that are behind us, but we'll see what the future holds. Clearly, the dairy and agri businesses, if nothing else, are annualizing and they're no longer declining. So we think the environment in 2017 is just more favorable than 2016 period for that business. So we would expect the innovation and new business work to shine through in a more effective way. So we see F&B accelerating in 2017 versus 2016.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: And then you've got a major competitor in both the water area and the cleaning chemical areas in play right now. Should we expect Ecolab's M&A activity to be relatively subdued until those two other transactions clear the market?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Not necessarily. I don't think they're going to impact our M&A view going forward. So, what would impact that is, are they good deals.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel. Please proceed with your questions.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. Hey, Doug, Paper is doing just way better than we certainly expected when you bought the original Nalco business and a 5% growth. I was wondering if you could just talk about what's going on over there underlying, are we at kind of a new normal over here, what kind of growth to expect, does it look like it's more core than it used to look like a few years ago? And then I have a follow-up after that.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: I've always been pretty clear on Paper that we weren't going to be the consolidator, but we likely weren't going to be the divestiture either on that property. And we've always said that that business has got a very good team, good innovation, capabilities. It's always done fairly well. We have built EBITDA margins in that business handily since we acquired it and it's had a very steady top line growth trajectory even in a difficult environment. So, what's going on in Paper, yeah, I mean our terminal value there is in a 5% growth, I'll say that. But we would expect 2017 to be in the 3% to 4% range versus the historic 2% to 3%. I think the team's finding its legs. It's done a good job, continuing to improve the, sort of, customer portfolio and keep focusing where you would expect to see growth in Paper moving forward, and they've got strong innovation pipeline, so I think the team's done a very good job. They've improved that business, so it's sustainable. But we aren't predicting 5% growth going forward.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. And just I want to follow up on a note on the technician shortage in Equipment Care. Are you seeing just from other business units also like wage inflation or a tougher hiring environment and have you seen kind of that step up in the last several quarters, and if so, how are you thinking about that in terms of just margins and how you attack something like that at this point in time.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: I'd say it's very specific geographically, but certainly, I mean, if you take U.S., yeah, there are certain markets where we've clearly seen wage inflation driven by the low unemployment, I mean, including our headquarter market. So we're in a market here that's been perennially around a little north of 3% unemployment, but we've lived through this for many years in a sense and certainly we've seen wage inflation driven the old-fashioned way via the market, and how do we deal with it? Like we deal with all other inflationary items. I mean we've got to go price forward. And you brought up kitchen equipment repair. That business has successfully recovered all inflationary pressures. It certainly improved profitability handily even with those pressures in 2016 and we expect it's equipped to do that going forward as are our other businesses. So I don't think this is going to be something that we proactively talk about moving forward as one of the real key pressures on the business. We think it's a pressure we can manage.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: Good afternoon. Can you give an update on how you're thinking about growth in Europe and whether it will be enough to sort of get back on the 100 basis points of margin expansion track?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, I mean for the year last year, we met our 100 basis point objective either just looking at legacy or if you look at total Europe and include other businesses. And so I don't think we have to get back on there. I think cumulative now in the legacy businesses, we've done 650 basis points over six years, so that's doing what we said we would do, and we anticipate that we will be able to accomplish that again in 2017. But your point's fair. You need a  we need top line movement to do that, so obviously driving that kind of success in a negative sales growth environment would be much harder. We would expect  we will continue to have top line growth there, but we would expect 2017 to be more modest than 2016 in Europe, simply because we anticipate we'll have a slow start there.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Doug, just on Institutional, how do you characterize the demand trends in that business right now and what are you looking forward for growth in that business in 2017?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: In total, I think Institutional is going to have a similar year in 2017 in total as it did in 2016, which is very solid year. It's going to be probably a flip in terms of stronger second half in 2017 versus first half as we go. Demand profile is good. I mean I would say foodservice trends globally remain fairly strong. Lodging remains fairly strong in that business. Obviously, we have a very strong business in the United States. And if you cut through all the noise and there's like a Swisher drag in there and all the rest. That business was a 6% growth business in Q4 and we expect similar in Q1. So it's doing quite well, and that's all we expect moving forward. In 2017, you're going to be going against a very strong base in the first half and an easier base, if you will, comps in the second half. So, that's going to have influence and also on a margin standpoint, they're going to have some cost-to-goods pressure and hedging effects in the first half that they'll overcome through pricing. And we expect more margin expansion in the second half than in the first half in that business. But that's not an unsimilar story to other sectors we're dealing with. That business is doing just fine.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Very good. And just on Diversity, Doug, are you seeing any benefits or are you taking advantage of any of the distractions at Diversity during their sales process?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: We've been I would say over the years in a number of instances we've had situations where competitors go through the distraction of either a large acquisition and/or being sold or bought or whatever you want to call it. In all cases, we do view that as an opportunity, and we try not to miss those opportunities as we move forward. We think the stability that we've had as a business in terms of ownership, management focus, and the rest has been a real advantage for us. And we try to make that known how that advantage plays out for customers' benefit, and certainly we'll continue to do that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Good afternoon. A lot of my questions have been answered already, but thank you for taking my call, a quick question on the comments that you made regarding the strength that you've seen in your revenues in Latin America in the fourth quarter. Was that just a question of easier comps or foreign exchange or just the business efforts that you've had in the area or the economy is coming back? Can you provide a little bit more color on what's driving the Latin American strength?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: I think there are a couple of things. If you look at the growth, 60% of it is pricing. You've got pretty significant inflation going on in that market as a consequence of devaluing currencies. And we've worked hard to make sure that we're recovering the inflation that that drives via pricing, and so that's clearly a big piece of the sales growth. But then the remaining 40% or 4 points is volume. And I would say those economies aren't great, but we've still been able to capture new business successfully and retain business successfully, which is why we're also seeing volume growth in addition to the pricing growth. So I think we'll continue to do well. We've got a very, very good Latin America team. They have performed year in and year out over a long period of time, and we expect more from them and the same type of results going forward.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, thank you. And then the other question, actually you've touched on the trends in Paper and Food & Beverage, but another smaller segment in Industrial that's doing well for you recently is textile care, and obviously that's also not been a segment where you've been focusing on growth, I guess, would be the best way to put it. So can you talk a little bit about what's changing, if anything, in the market that's allowing this segment to all of a sudden start posting mid-single-digit growth versus very low-single digits that we've become accustomed to in the previous years?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: First, I'd say, Dmitry, in all cases if we're in a business, we're in it to win and we're in it to drive growth, period. Otherwise, you shouldn't own the thing. And so the expectations of textile, paper, any business that we have are the same, which is we're going to continue to grow share, we're going to continue to grow margins, and we're going to do them simultaneously as we move forward. And we need to outperform whatever the economic conditions are. So that's our expectation. Look, I feel good. I think the Paper team is proud of what they've accomplished and the textile team has started to regain some momentum too. And they've done it by selling new business and getting after some of their margin challenges, particularly in certain geographies. And there's more to do there, but I have a lot of confidence that that business is on it and is poised to continue to drive improvements going forward.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your questions.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good afternoon. Can you talk about the price trends in Energy and whether those price trends are going to persist in the first half of 2017 or longer?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: We've seen steady improvement. It looked like our low point in terms of pricing pressure was, I'll call it July 1. And since then it's slowly abated, not dramatically, but slowly. We would perceive that we'll see that continued, I guess, less bad pricing scenario for the first two quarters, and we might start getting even in Q3  Q4 or even see some light at the end of the tunnel, particularly if raws start moving in the other direction, triggering some contractual terms.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then for my follow-up, for the last two years your SG&A expense has been down year over year. And I think this year you're talking about a 33% SG&A ratio, which would probably mean that would be up, I don't know, somewhere between $150 million and $200 million. Is that a true description of what's occurring, and why the SG&A inflation this year?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: I'd say the last couple of years what you've had going on is, I would say modest. It's still been accretive from a margin standpoint, but growth in SG&A across the Industrial, Institutional, and Other platform, and it's been offset in total by reduction in SG&A in Energy, as we've right-sized that business for the market conditions. What you have in 2017 is obviously no more need for right-sizing the Energy business. If anything, SG&A is going to be stable there, and we'll probably be looking to add important growth components as the year progresses there, if our view on Energy remains the same, that 2018 is going to be a strong year. And you see continued what I would call modest investments in SG&A and the other businesses continue in 2017. So the big difference I would say versus the last few years is Energy is no longer in a cut mode.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Tim Mulrooney with William Blair. Please proceed with your questions.
Tim M. Mulrooney - William Blair & Co. LLC: Good afternoon. It looks like core growth in the specialty business ticked up in fourth quarter to 8%. What drove the strong performance there? Were there some one-time factors or easier comparisons? And then how are you thinking about this business for 2017?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Pest had a little stronger quarter, but it's been running around that area. I would say that business is in a good position. Sometimes during a quarter, you may have a point of growth up or a point of growth down. It's just 13 weeks. By and large, we expect that to continue to grow in the high single-digit area as we move forward in 2017.
Tim M. Mulrooney - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay, great. Thanks. And then in the Institutional business, can you quantify the impact to organic growth from the exiting of the low margin business at Swisher? Was it a point or more or less than a point? And then also, on the divestiture of the non-core business, how big was that? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, I would say globally it rounds around almost to a point, but it's going to go away probably the end of Q2, Q3 start normalizing, on your first question, i.e. the low margin and the less attractive business. And we don't take that out of our acquisition-adjusted because it's really sort of in the base business. The business we exited was worth, like, $30 million. It was the restroom hygiene business. That is adjusted out when we do acquisition-adjusted figures or organic figures.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mike Harrison with Seaport Global Securities. Please proceed with your questions.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Hi, good afternoon. Just looking at the Institutional division, you've commented in the past on new account wins. I was wondering if you could give a little bit of color on the pace of business with those new accounts. Is it still the case that you're getting the warewashing business first and then over time you would expect to increase penetration into some other product lines or is it the case where more recently you're seeing the rate of penetration better from the outside such that you're selling a broader range of products from the get-go?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: I think somewhere in between, Mike. I mean the truth is when we sell a new, say, foodservice operation, be it the foodservice in a hotel or a restaurant chain or a caterer, we typically get a pretty big slug of what I'll call the kitchen hygiene program including warewashing and other products needed to take care of the food safety, et cetera, in a kitchen. Over time, we built from there, no doubt about it and that equation has not changed. So, that is simple as it's only warewash and then we start selling the balance of the kitchen hygiene. Usually, it's, call it, 80% of the kitchen hygiene program. We build from there. But that would not include things like water filtration, audit programs, pest elimination programs, kitchen equipment repair, et cetera, et cetera. Those types of programs are built over time as our customer relationship develops.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: And then I was just hoping that you could talk a little bit about the cost structure and the margin profile of the Energy business as we think about next year. Obviously some puts and takes. You were taking out costs this year, but based on this modest revenue growth profile, how much margin improvement could we expect to see in terms of OI margin next year compared to this 11% margin that we showed this year? Is it a situation where we could see you get as high as the 13.4% that we saw back in 2015?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: When you're saying next year, is that 2017?
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Yeah, sorry, this year.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Okay.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: I'm living in the past, Doug.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: No, it's okay. I was, like, all of the sudden I'm being asked questions about Energy margins for 2018. Yeah, I think you're going to see  you won't see dramatic margin improvement this year for two reasons. One, we're kind of going through this transition, and there's two parts of this transition. There's a gross profit part, because as oil recovery occurs, so too does raw material recovery. We've talked  we always have a bit of a delay between raw material price increases and our ability to capture price, and that's true in the Energy business as well. And secondly, we're going to have some investment that we need to make in the Energy business in SG&A, moving into 2018 if we are confident that 2018 represents a pick-up in business activity. That call's going to be made in the third and fourth quarter. It's a long time from now in that sense and so I don't even know that it's worth talking about. For the year, we think the margin  as I mentioned earlier, we expect modest accretion on both the top and bottom line which suggests kind of flattish margins for the year in Energy, as we kind of go through this noise of raws and pricing recovery and then anticipated probably some SG&A investments needed as we exit the year preparing for an upturn next year. That's what's in our forecast.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Hamzah Mazari with Macquarie. Please proceed with your questions.
Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Good afternoon. You had previously highlighted a potential opportunity to monetize customer data through technology investments in the field and I think you referenced the cloud as well. Just curious what inning are we in sort of the monetization process and could this be meaningful over the long term. Any color around that would be great.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: I think the opportunity to use the information that we already capture within customers much more effectively to drive value, merchandise the value we create, develop new opportunities and ways to help customers obviously with their full partnership represents a huge opportunity for the company. Whether it's specifically monetizing the information, i.e. charging for it or it's instead used as a means of us better helping customers and being more valuable, I think it's probably the latter. It's my guess as we move forward. We're in early innings. We certainly do it in many instances today, but I think our ability to up our game there is fairly dramatic. We've got huge advantage, I think, versus anybody else. We have over a million customer sites and probably collect data today and call it  and making it up 800,000 of those sites, but have only connected about less than 100,000 of those sites to the cloud. So the hard part is capturing the data. Connecting to the cloud isn't technically very complicated, and that's the work that we're doing. And then synthesizing it, rationalizing it, making it valuable for customers is, like, real work, and we're partnering with some great partners to learn how to do this and improve our capabilities there, which I think we've talked about. I mean Microsoft is a company that we've been leveraging there in many ways, sales force and other parts of our business, and we'll continue to do that as we move forward. So I think it's going to be huge for the company. It will not impact material 2017. I'm not even sure it will materially impact 2018, but in the not too distant future it's going to be a core way of us doing business.
Hamzah Mazari - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. And just a follow-up question. On the Energy business, do you have a sense of how much of a headwind has it been with customers shifting towards Tier 1 acreage essentially oil plays where it's cheaper extraction cost and so they use less Ecolab product versus oil plays where more Ecolab product is required for extraction? Just trying to get a sense of has that been a structural headwind? Has that gone away? Is that an issue still? Any color would be great. Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: First of all, yes, it is a headwind, and when oil gets cheap, people go to the cheapest, right, oil they can find, no doubt about it. We've always said you get kind of a stable price or expected price north of $60, different types of activities turn on and those activities are more fruitful for us because they command more technology than other. With that said, I think there's already been a somewhat positive shift from the bottom of the market as people start getting after oil that they weren't chasing just six, nine months ago, and that's a tailwind that we'll start seeing benefiting us in the Energy business over the next few years. But it's not a light switch, and as we said, we don't expect huge change in activity, stabilization, you're seeing the improvement. We expect to see that, but we don't expect any kind of sand dune or hockey-stick effect in 2017. We think it's going to take a little longer than that.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your questions.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thanks very much. I'm just curious in Pest Elimination, I'm pushing double-digits, the commentary is that it should show good growth in the first quarter. I'm curious can we get to double-digits? Is there  and I remember hearing that Zika may be something relevant. I'm just  they haven't heard much about that. Curious to see if that's something that maybe a  push it over the top. Thanks.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. Look, here's what I like. We are now debating whether pest ought to be an 8% or 10% business which is a lot more fun than just a few years ago where it was, like, at 2% and 3%. So I think the team in pest has done exactly what we hoped they would and asked them to do, which is they've really revitalized the business. We made a number of investments in that business, and it has paid off and the team has done a good job leveraging the investments that we made there. I think this is a run rate that we see right now. I don't think there's any natural barrier to the business that says it can't be a double-digit business. But right now I guess our expectation is that it's going to remain a high-single-digit organic growth business and it's a terrific business and at those growth rates we like it quite a bit.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thanks, Doug. And then shifting gears on just CapEx, could you delve into that a little bit for 2017? And where some of the specific areas are that you're targeting? Thanks.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: A lot of it's more of the same. I would guess this year's CapEx spend  of course we have a plan. We never exactly spend to our plan. I think it's going to be around $800 million spend. The single biggest category again is merchandising equipment. We expect to spend more in merchandising equipment this year than last year. That's a good thing because that's basically dispensing equipment for our chemicals and it indicates bullishness on part of the divisions around their new business capabilities. So I like to see that. If there's been a shift in spend, I went through and explained last year that we had a series of one-timers on offices. That's behind us and is going to slowly dissipate away. We're going to see more capacity build in this year than we did last year in terms of liquids capabilities, some capacity that we want to see for Energy, et cetera, that we're going to build in advance simply because we don't want to get caught short on the turnaround next year.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Andrew Wittmann with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your questions.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great, thanks. Guys, I just noticed in your commentary on Energy that there are a couple exogenous-type events that happened in the quarter. I just want to have a little bit better understanding of what that was and how non-reoccurring they were.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: In Energy?
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yes.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: I would say there are always going to be exogenous events every quarter in Energy. I would say Energy in the fourth quarter delivered exactly what we expected it to moving into the quarter, and we haven't been able to say that many times. And so you always have events in Energy. And so certainly Nigeria, you've got pipelines going down in other parts of Africa. That impacts it. But there's always something going on. We've got a global business in Energy. And our expectation is the fundamentals in that market are improving, and that's the thing that we most focus on. We can't predict when the next pipeline is going to go down, but something will happen in 2017 also, I'm sure.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Got it. I wanted to follow up on use of the buyback. Obviously, you didn't do any in fourth quarter, and you did front-load last year's buyback activity with an ASR. You haven't announced one this year. I'm just curious as to what your thoughts are around the buyback for 2017. And similar to a prior question, does it depend on the clearance of the larger deals that would be of potential interest to you? Do those need to clear before maybe we'd see the buyback ramp up?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: I'm sure he won't fall for it.
Daniel J. Schmechel - Ecolab, Inc.: So standing here today, what we know our expectation for 2017 is that our share repurchase would be about the same in amount and sequence that you saw in 2016. So we did $700 million of shares repurchased in 2016. You're right, we did an upfront $300 million ASR. We've not committed to the ASR, but my expectation is that share repurchase would be about the same in the aggregate and that some of it would be done in an accelerated way.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company. Please proceed with your questions.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Doug, I was wondering if you could touch on Asia. If my memory serves me right, you talked in your prepared remarks about some softness, particularly in China. Could you give us a feel for where the softness was, in particular vis--vis your operations and what you are seeing for 2017?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Hi, Rosemarie. Yes, in China in heavy water and the heavy industrial side, we continue to see softness there. So I think mining, steel, and even paper just as China has been going through a bit of a cycle in the heavy industry. As we move forward, with that said, so our China business was down maybe 5% for the year, but made more money in 2017. That's the organic rate. The actual reported rate was positive because we made the acquisition that in part annualized in 2016. Moving forward, we would expect to have positive organic growth in 2017, so a better year. In large part, there's stabilization in the Chinese market, even in steel and some of these other areas. What we'll end up doing is annualizing again some of the pain in 2017, so we don't really have a falling market. What we have is a bit lower market, but we will we believe grow in that market both organically and potentially through acquisition too.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: And if I may, you have made some change in Healthcare with Life Sciences growing at 14% and acute care at 4% to 6%. Can you give us a better feel for the changes you have made? And then what is the percentage of total of each one of those entities? I would guess that it is the Life Sciences that is the smallest, but if you could help on that.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: So first of all, we've done several things and we've talked about them, but splitting the business allowed both businesses to better focus on: one, acute care; and two, Life Sciences. They're different markets. They utilize some of the same technology, but importantly the selling process, the specific programs that you build for each of those markets are different, and we wanted to make sure that we had improved focus to go after both of those markets successfully. I think that benefited the businesses. Number two, in the acute care area, which we've talked about for a period of time, because it's the largest, we have seen our improved focus on program development around HAICs or healthcare-acquired infection control. That's gone quite well, and that team has done a good job not only developing the program but selling it and getting uptake from customers. And so those are in a nutshell the two big moves that have been made there. And the teams are on it. I think they're doing a very good job. So we would expect them to continue to perform, as I mentioned earlier, in 2017 like we saw in the fourth quarter, so call it mid-single digits for acute care, 5%, 6%, maybe even north, and Life Sciences in the teen-type growth area. Size of Life Sciences, it's a little north of $100 million.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yiqin Gao with Nationwide. Please proceed with your questions.
Yiqin Gao - Nationwide Insurance Co.: Hi, and thank you for taking my question. You mentioned that Ecolab is still going to pursue M&A opportunities this year. Can you talk a little bit about the size of the kind of deal you're looking for and also the pipeline and how you're going to fund those deals? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, look, the only  we tend not to get very specific about how we're thinking and what we're thinking about M&A kind of like everybody else. So it's better just left it unsaid. So M&A has been a historic part of our strategy. It will remain a key part of our strategy going forward.
Yiqin Gao - Nationwide Insurance Co.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There are no additional questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for closing remarks.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: That wraps up our fourth quarter conference call. This call and the associated discussion slides will be available for replay on our website. Thanks for your time today and your participation, and best wishes for the rest of the day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's teleconference and you may now disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-01 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc. Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.
Analysts: Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC John Salvatore Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc. Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC Kayvan Rahbar - Macquarie Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker) Dan Dolev - Nomura Securities International, Inc.
Operator: Greetings and welcome to Ecolab's Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Mike Monahan, Senior Vice-President, External Relations for Ecolab. Thank you. You may begin.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's third quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO; and Dan Schmechel, our CFO. A discussion of our results along with our earnings release and the slides referencing our quarter's results and our outlook are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements on these materials stating that this teleconference, the discussion and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Form 10-K under the Item 1A, Risk Factors, and in our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with a brief overview of the quarter, continued attractive new business gains and new product introductions drove acquisition-adjusted fixed currency sales growth in our Institutional, Industrial and Other segments during the third quarter, offsetting a moderated decline in Energy sales. Product innovation, lower delivered product costs and ongoing cost efficiency work led the strong adjusted fixed currency operating margin expansion, more than offsetting the impact of soft economies, challenging end markets and continued currency headwinds. These drove the 7% adjusted earnings per share increase before currency translation. Looking to the fourth quarter, we expect our Institutional, Industrial and Other segments to show modestly better year-on-year acquisition adjusted fixed currency growth versus the third quarter, outpacing their markets and soft international economies as they leverage investments we have made to further improve sales and service force effectiveness and profitability. We expect lower year-on-year results from our Energy business. We look for our fourth quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share to be in the $1.23 to $1.33 range, with that range including approximately $0.02 per share of unfavorable impact from the Venezuela devaluation and deconsolidation and currency translation, as we continue to aggressively drive business growth. We have narrowed our forecast for the full year 2016 to the $4.35 to $4.45 range from $4.35 to $4.50, which includes expected currency headwinds of approximately $0.30 per share, of which $0.17 per share is from the Venezuela devaluation and deconsolidation. Moving to some highlights from the quarter, as discussed in our press release, third quarter diluted earnings per share were $1.27. On an adjusted basis, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items from both years, third quarter 2016 adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.28, and included a $0.09, or 7 percentage point currency headwind. This compared with adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.28 a year ago. Our consolidated acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales were modestly higher as our Institutional, Industrial and Other segments grew 3%, but were offset by lower Energy sales. Regional sales growth was led by Latin America. Reported operating margins increased 500 basis points. Adjusted fixed currency operating margins expanded 60 basis points as continued sales growth from the Institutional, Industrial and Other segments, lower delivered product costs and cost efficiencies more than offset investments in the business and lower Energy results. In 2016's difficult operating environment, we have focused on driving new business gains by helping customers to lower their costs. We are using our industry-leading product innovation and service strengths to help customers achieve the best results and the lowest operating costs, and through these aggressively drive new account gains across all of our segments. We expect fourth quarter earnings per share in the $1.23 to $1.33 range, reflecting currency translation drag of approximately $0.02. We narrowed our full year earnings per share forecast to the $4.35 to $4.45 range and this forecast includes expected unfavorable currency exchange of approximately $0.30 per share, of which $0.17 per share is from the Venezuela devaluation and deconsolidation. In summary, despite a very challenging global economic and market environment, we expect to deliver solid fundamental results in 2016. We remain confident in our business, our markets and our people, as well as our capacities to meet our aggressive growth objectives over the coming years. And now here's Doug Baker with some comments.
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Thanks, Mike. Look, my headline would be solid quarter, headwinds are easing, and we believe we're in a good position as we close out the year. So let me go through each of these briefly. So, first, the quarter. I would describe it as better than it looks. The Institutional business, if you look at the underlying sales, particularly in North America, which is a big piece of the business, they remain consistent with the first half in Q3. The noise in this quarter was really in the U.S. distribution channel, and we expect Q4 sales to bounce back to the level that we were seeing prior to Q3. QSR and FRS, our food retail and quick service businesses remain quite strong. Our F and B business was solid. They've got good new business. We expect that business to accelerate in 2017. The Water business, mining decline eclipsed mid single digit light industry growth and low single digit heavy industry growth. Mining is expected to rebound in Q4 as it hits easier comps and also benefits from new sales, so the Water business will look much better in Q4 and throughout 2017. The Healthcare business grew at a healthy 6%. We expect an even better Q4 as it laps last year's recall and continues to benefit from new business efforts and successes that we're having. So this business is really gaining traction. Pets and equipment care were quite strong and expect to remain strong. Energy stabilized. So our sales of $760 million in Q3 are consistent with both Q2 and Q1. Our OI in Q3, however, is much better as reformulations, synergies, and other savings take hold. As we look to Q4, we expect the results to be quite similar to Q3. I call it plus-minus. Sales likely to be a bit better, OA, OI maybe a touch weaker as we will take down two plants for refurbishment. And we're doing that just to be prepared if we're surprised on the upside next year. We don't want to be in a position where we have to take them down at that time. So we expect to leave the year with very good momentum and fewer hills to climb. The external environment continues to be challenging, and it's mixed, but we believe manageable from an economic standpoint. Raw materials are expected to increase, but we can manage via pricing and cost savings we have in the past. And we don't see this as spiky. We see it as fairly gradual. FX is easing. So in our first quarter, FX was a 14% headwind, and it's roughly a 1% headwind in Q4. We assume we're highly unlikely to see another 7% full-year challenge in 2017. Energy is stabilized, and if market only stands still here, it will likely or should be an accretive year even in those conditions for us in 2017. Internally, we've also continued to have great success with new business and our innovation pipeline. We've also maintained investments throughout this year. We invested more in 2016 than 2015. And 2015 was larger in the investment category than 2014, so we continue to build on what we think our core investments for the future, so we have not, if you will, emptied the cabinet there by any means. We've also rebuilt bonus, taken down inventory, swallowed the absorption hit that this typically drives. So we leave the year whole is what I would say. So while it's too early for 2017 forecasts, we're just frankly in the middle of our planning season. We feel like we're sitting in a good position, leaving the year to deliver a significantly improved 2017. So those are my opening comments. With that, I'll turn it back to Mike.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, would you please begin the Q&A period?
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. Doug, I'll just ask about that final or one of the final comments you made. I think you said Energy stabilizing if  did you say if oil prices stay around here, would it be positive in 2017 or something to that effect? Can you just give more color on how you get comfortable with that? Thanks.
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, a lot of it, Gary, is just the timing of our OI improvements. So, we made, what, mid $50s million on roughly the same sales, like $56 million I think in the first quarter on roughly the same sales that we had in the third quarter. We made nearly $100 million in the third quarter. And a lot of that is just timing. There's been a lot of great work done in that Energy business to reformulate products, lower cost, position ourselves for what I would say improved margins going forward once the wind starts blowing in our direction again. So as a consequence of that, even in a relatively flat environment, if you assume no material activity change, and we continue to generate around the same $750 million, $760 million in sales a quarter, which is what we've done in the last three and are forecasting in four, you're going to see OI lift just as a consequence of the timing of the OI improvement this year. Now, what we think is going to happen next year is there will be very modest improvement throughout the year, particularly in the second half of 2017, but I caution we think it's modest. We don't think this is by any means set up for a V recovery. I'm talking about the overall energy market. In that environment, we think we'll have low single digit, mid single digit type sales and decent OI.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thanks. And then just a follow-up on the non-Energy businesses. You've done an outstanding job the last 18 months driving consistent margin expansion in all of those businesses to offset the Energy weakness. Has there  I know you said you've been investing a lot, but is there a risk that if Energy takes longer to come back that, it just becomes much more difficult, I guess, particularly with raws prices likely going up in the first half of next year to sustain the momentum on a constant currency basis? Obviously FX looks like it's going to be a lot less of a drag.
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. I think, Gary, I guess the FX, it hits you in transaction and translation. In transaction is like inflation. And we mitigate that. But the translation, there's nothing to do. And FX has really been the problem that's been the most challenging for us to negate because it's not going to justify any pricing or drive any pricing in the market. Raw materials, I think we've proven over the years that when the raws start moving, we typically can go command additional pricing as a consequence. We continue to drive mix through new technology upgrades in our customers, and of course we've got to benefit the customers financially as well. And we've got, what I would say, very strong momentum in our supply chain around what we call structural savings. So I'm really not that nervous about what we believe is going to happen in the raw material markets which we believe raws are going to move up next year, but we do believe we're going to move up in a fairly orderly fashion as we go. But we have that fully forecasted in our business. I don't think that's going to drive or negate our ability to continue to drive margin expansion in those businesses. And I would say we didn't drive margin just because oil was down. I mean, we were driving margin when oil was up in a number of those businesses. That's kind of our constant. We want profitable growth, continue to drive mix in a favorable way, watch our spending, continue to get productivity, and those are going to be the same focus areas next year as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Good afternoon, gentlemen. Hey, Doug, wanted to chat about two things: One, just when you think about all those productivity improvements, and obviously we always talk about that in terms of the Ecolab play book and you always have another ten ready to go. But everything that you've done here recently that's shown up in terms of driving that OI and your confidence heading into next year, are all those things that you put in place gradually or put in place a couple years ago to help drive this, or are these all recent initiatives that are just starting?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, it's some of both, Nate. So certainly a number of these initiatives have what I'll call long tails. They take a number of years to fully realize the benefit. And so a number of steps. Look, we're continuing to roll out new technology in the Institutional field force, and so we certainly are already absorbing the cost associated with that, but haven't fully realized the benefits and won't for a couple of years, meaning it will continue to increase in benefit. But I don't think you're going to be at full run rate for a few years. It just takes a while, the change happens in practices, take out the cost that it obsoletes, et cetera. In the manufacturing and product supply area which we always said was going to be the last frontier for synergies, so we can't call them synergies anymore, but we are getting after a number of opportunities in product supply because we now have a full handle on what the network looks like today and what we think it ought to look like going forward. And there are significant opportunities there that our product supply team is after. So we don't feel we're impaired in terms of opportunities to continue to drive productivity and margin enhancements as we go forward. And I would expect as we continue to add businesses through M&A that we will continue to see additional opportunities arise.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then second question. I realize this is likely probably not going to be a 2017 event, but then going forward, hopefully, the economy at best maybe  or hopefully at least stays sluggish if not gets a little bit better over that time. But how do you think about at some point in terms of balancing as you kind of recapture the Energy business a little bit and hopefully we have those less FX headwinds. How do you think about letting that margin flow through to the bottom line and back to shareholders versus then when do you kind of kick up the reinvestment rate a little bit?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, I think there will be  as the Energy business recovers, yeah, there's a number of things. I mean, as we've watched the volume degrade there, it is a more harmful process than simply you lose the OI, particularly because you lose the overhead coverage in your plant. So, I think, you're right. As Energy volume comes back, you're going to see sort of outsize contributions in the near term as you build volume back in your plants. We will use some of that what I will call extra contribution to reinvest back in the Energy business where it makes sense. But we aren't going to be, I think, overzealous of those investments. We want to see full recovery and make sure that we're investing as the business comes back, and we'd rather be two weeks late than two weeks early on that recovery because it is so hard to predict. So, I don't know if that answers fully your question. But I don't feel like we've got huge pent-up investment demands in the balance of the business, and what I tried to highlight in the opening comments were, we have been increasing our investments in these last two years in spite of FX and energy headwinds. It's important to continue to do that in the business. We have a relatively long-term view of the business. And so, I don't feel like the cupboards are bare. They're going to need to be restocked per se from an investment standpoint as a consequence.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Quealy with Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed with your question.
John Salvatore Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hi. Good afternoon. First, geography question. Looks like Latin America was supportive to Water, Food & Beverage, Institutional. Is there anything going on there that would suggest sustained strength in the end of the year, or was that just a bit of a catch up?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: No. I mean, our Latin America business, I mean, there's certainly not being driven by a great underlying economy. Look, we're having several things go on there. One is, we continue to have new business success. We've got a solid base. You can count on it. In the food safety business and the Water business in particular, those things are typically fairly immune to huge economic swings. With that said, we're also getting pricing, really significant pricing as a consequence of the devaluation that have occurred down there from a currency standpoint. That begets inflation, it drives up our raw materials in that market and we've got to get pricing to offset that, which we're doing successfully. So that's certainly a key piece of the double-digit growth story. I would expect that that business is going to remain fairly resilient and have strong performance for the quarters to come.
John Salvatore Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. And my follow up on Healthcare. You talk about some good growth in a smaller base business. In particular, the acute care in the HAI. Can you walk us through how is that tracking to your expectations, Doug? Are you getting the sales touches and the conversions you want as that marketplace begins to evolve? Thanks.
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. No, I think the team has done a very good job. One, the work we did the last few years I think has been quite fruitful. I think the team that's running this business right now is doing a great job executing. And so we're starting to get uptake in the market. We're having successful rollouts. We've got a much better pipeline than we've had. So, yeah, I would say we were confident. We've talked about this, that this business is continuing to improve. I think you're just seeing the fruits of that. So our expectation is we're going to have a very strong fourth quarter, a little bit artificially strong because of last year's recall that's in the base. But if you take that out, it's going to be consistent with this 6% plus the benefit of the recall comp. And then next year, we look at this moving from mid single digits to upper single digits. So I think we're on the right track.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: Good morning. So two quick questions. First, can you give a bit of a feel for, to the extent that your pricing is catching up to your raw materials when you think you will lag that effect or lap it so to speak? And second, how do you think about the underlying operating leverage in the Energy business given the investments that you're making? I mean, is it going to be a multi-year 300 basis points to 500 basis points margin opportunity, or how can we size that?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. I didn't fully get the last. So raw materials, we're forecasting we'll start moving kind of enterprise-wide in 2017. They're going to remain favorable in Q4 year-on-year. They're just less favorable than Q3. And there's a minor step up if you will, sequential, from Q3 to Q4. So we're starting to see these. At this point in time, I think we're going to be able to keep our nose above water certainly for the year in 2017. I can't tell you if there's not going to be an issue in one quarter, but I don't think this is going to be, by any means, a theme for next year. We're going to have to continue to do what we do in pricing, continue to do what we do on mix, continue to do what we do on cost savings, and I think those three tools are more than sufficient to offset what we see in terms of raw material inflation next year.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: And then the other question was just on the Energy business with the investments you've been making, how you think about the medium-term operating leverage. I mean, should we think about the investments as supporting sales growth or should we think about them as supporting margin expansion as volume comes back?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, there's no real significant investments going in the Energy business at the moment. What I was alluding to was we will, as this business starts accelerating again, we will be investing. I mean, these are variable investments in terms of re-expanding the sales team and some other functional support areas. But I don't  again, I think that's going to be well managed as that business expands so well to gross profit and it will more than cover the investments we need to make as we do it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Sure. So there's been news this week around GE and the Baker Hughes acquisition, also news that they divest their Water business. Any thoughts on the potential benefits from disruption in those areas of your business?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, I think  I guess, it's all brand-new news. I mean, historically I guess I would agree with your premise that when our competitors undergo large transactions are either bought, sold or buy somebody, we tend to go through  it knocks them off their game a little bit and causes distraction. And it's not lost on us. So, yeah, I would say typically these things short-term can offer favorable competitive environments.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And in the past, you've sometimes spoken about the trend in new business signings in aggregate. Any comment about third quarter and any area that you would say is doing particularly well? Thanks.
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. Third quarter was above third quarter last year. I mean, we had a very good net new business. I would say one of the things  we've never had a lot of loses, but I would even say this year our losses are less than they were on the last few years on a run rate, which is great for us. So, net total, we're starting to accelerate in the second half on the new business piece, which is important as we enter next year. So I think we feel like we're in good shape there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you. Good afternoon. I wanted to ask the first question by David from the M&A standpoint. We always ask you about your typical pipeline and they end up being small to mid. But just curious if your three main major competitors that you usually can call out are in the process of spinning off, being sold, or acquired. Just curious like what your appetite for some of these larger deals stands as it is today?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, the only answer on specific M&A questions is no comment, broadly. I think what we've always said is we have a appetite for smart deals. We never said we had some kind of artificial limit on size, so that's the approach we take. And so on specifics around M&A prospects, no comment.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. And then just on Healthcare, if I can, I mean, it seems like you've had another good quarter of 6%. I mean, are we sort of have a clear runway here? Do you need to bolt on more acquisitions like the one you're doing in France? Just how should we think about where we should hold you on Healthcare too in terms of performance?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, I guess what we've been consistently saying is we think Healthcare is an upper single digit organic growth business, and we're clearly making progress to getting this business in that range. And I think, so one, that's the standard we hold ourselves to, so I'm clearly open to being held to that standard externally. I think that's fair. In terms of additional acquisition, I would describe it this. I think if there are smart deals to be done in the Healthcare arena, we're all open. It's not a case that we are strategically impaired because we're missing something. So they would be done, I would call it, opportunistically because we thought it enabled us to either grow faster, expand faster, or supplemented our technology in some way that was beneficial for customers. But it's not like there's this big giant strategic hole we've got to go fill externally.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research. Please proceed with your question.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. A couple of things. First of all, just want to understand the performance of the Water business in the quarter. It was sort of coming along in kind of mid single digit same currency growth, and then it was basically flat. This quarter you talked about some declines in demand in Asia, particularly China, as well as the mining market impact and then  that you were, I guess, a little bit more bullish on the mining expectation for the fourth quarter. So, can you talk a little bit about what the trends are in Water? Why China was down? Was it all because of the mining or was there some other slowdown going on and what gives you the confidence that that business is going to come back in the fourth quarter?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. Well, mining is a case of  mining has been down double digits here for four quarters. And that's sort of the secret. We're lapping Q4 last year as the first real pain that we saw in mining is it reflected the pain broadly in the mining market. So, mining based on new business and frankly lapping Q4 of last year, we are pretty confident it's going to be, let's just say, neutral at worst, maybe minorly positive at best year-on-year. So the negative influence from mining is going to abate, and mining will turn positive as we move into 2017. The other market you mentioned is China, and that's really pain we feel on the heavy side of that business. And that's a reflection of steel, overcapacity, some being taken offline, mining, also in China. And also somewhat paper. Our paper results globally were positive, but they were much more positive than that if you took out the mining or the China results. And ultimately we look at that, we're going to start lapping those comps starting a little bit in the first quarter next year and really fully after the second quarter next year. And so we look at that as an improving situation as we move through 2017 as well. Otherwise, I mean the Water business is doing quite well. So the light business continues to perform. We continue to drive great innovation there. That's the largest segment that we're in. It's also the most profitable. It had been de-emphasized, and we have reemphasized it to significant positive effect. And the heavy side is starting to do a good job generating new business. It's going to start lapping some of the industrial slowdown so the lab what I'll call more reasonable comps for this environment. And so, I think, you see some of that good work coming through.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Doug, thanks. And then just touching on Energy briefly as my follow up. It sounds from your guidance that you expect another, I don't know, 17%, 18%, 19%, something like that, decline in year-over-year sales in the fourth quarter, basically bringing your two-year decline to about 30%. Clearly, this has gone beyond sort of the 10% of your business that was or 20% of the business at one time that was the upstream business. So are you starting to see the weakness spread into the downstream in the refining business? Is it mostly pricing or volume or a combination thereof? And are we just basically looking for 2017 where we're stabilizing at these levels, but not seeing much of an improvement on the top line as we go through the year.
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. Well, first, Dmitry, I mean, the substance of your question I'll answer. I'll just say, last year Energy was down just under 10%, more like 9%. And this year we're saying it's going to be down, what I think we said, 10% to 12% or 12%. So it's not down 30% over the last couple years, right? It's down considerably less than that. And we also aren't predicting a fourth quarter in the range that you cited either. It's going to be down modestly worse year-on-year than the third quarter simply because the fourth quarter comps of last year included a number of one-time issues which we identified last year in the fourth quarter. It was a little bit inflated if you will. But sequentially the Energy business in the fourth quarter this year versus third quarter this year is going to be quite consistent. So we've improved, the top line run rate has stabilized. OI run rate has improved throughout the year. So we're going to enter the year with, what I would call, top line stable, OI margin momentum as we go in. So, yeah, it's going to take a little while to build this business back and regain the 20% we lost. What we've tried to signal is this isn't going to be a one-year phenomenon. And I don't know if it's going to take two years or two and a half years at this point in time, but it's certainly going to take longer than one year to build it back. We've said next year we expect it to be positive on the top line, but modestly positive because we also think it's going to be a modest recovery in the oil markets.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Roberts with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. Could you give us an update on how the rollout of institutional water treatment is going?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. I would say that's in the light industry portion of the Water business. Okay. Let me dig some fun facts. So, our expectation was that we were going to have a cumulative impact of $90 million there, and we're starting to see revenue build throughout the year. So through the end of this year, I think we're going to be running around probably about the $25 million to $27 million rate leaving the year, and we expect that to accelerate throughout next year. So that's on track and doing what we expect it to do.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: And then a number of companies have talked about some deceleration in Europe. I'm not sure Europe was ever all that strong, but could you give us a sense of what you're seeing sequentially as the quarter went along in early October in Europe?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Early October, but I will comment on...
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Well, or early November. We're only one day in November, but what did you see as you went month by month, some of your  some...
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. I guess what I would comment is on Q3. And what we're  I mean, Europe is clearly not robust. I would say, I would have described it in the first half as probably stronger than I expected. I think in Q3 it was as strong as I expected or as weak as I expected going in. So I'd say there's been some downtick in the economy there. It hasn't fallen off a cliff. And I would still say the environment is, if we do our job and continue to drive new business and keep our existing customers, drive mix in the other things that we have in our toolbox, we should be able to continue to show growth in that market, which is what we anticipate being able to do.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Yeah, good afternoon. Doug, your QSR growth of 6% was quite robust. Is QSR gaining share away from sit-down or fine dining? And are you  maybe it's a case and maybe you're aligning better with the right customer. Can you talk about that?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. I don't know. QSR, there's  if you look at those industry trends, it hasn't really accelerated. I mean it's continued to kind of hold its own. If there's been any trading from top down, it's probably more in the fast casual segment and those other segments of the market less so than from QSR, I think. Our strength there is really built on we've got very deep relationships. We work very hard to help our customers there react to the environments they find themselves in. Currently, it's not a perfect top-line environment for those businesses, and they're having real cost pressures underneath, particularly from both wage and also benefit pressure, i.e., ACA. And so we're doing a lot of work there trying to help them take labor out of those businesses because they have to given this environment. And so that will offer us new technology for us, but it's a huge financial benefit for them. And that's how we're looking at that market and why I still am quite bullish on our ability to continue to grow in QSR going forward.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you. And, Doug, if you were to do any M&A, what sub-segment would you be looking at? Would it be Institutional, Water, and maybe Energy? Or no Energy?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, I would say, we'll answer the Energy question first. I mean, we did an acquisition in Energy not that long ago, and I think as I've reflected in other answers on this question around Energy M&A, it's sort of a situation that if you don't have to sell right now, most people aren't in the mood to sell. If they can make it through. Because I think everybody feels like this thing has bottomed and better times are ahead for them both on a multiple and an EBITDA absolute basis. So it's not  there's not a lot of for sale signs out there from a lot of people. There are going to be exceptions, and there's been a notable one this week. So, I guess, I'd be a little surprised if we end up doing any real Energy M&A in the near term for that reason. In terms of where else, yeah, I would say, look, if we're in a business, we're in it to go grow. M&A is one of the growth tools that we use to supplement organic growth. And if we found other smart deals in Institutional, F&B, Water, Healthcare, sort of a naming (38:27), we would be interested. What would our wish list be? I think we've strategically said we want to continue to build the Healthcare business, i.e., you've seen the Anios recent acquisition. And, Water, just because of the market probably hasn't been penetrating with small M&A deals like some of our others, that would also be a place that we would think might be richer environment.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mike Harrison with Seaport Global Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Hi. Good afternoon. Doug, you mentioned some noise in the U.S. distribution channel. Can you just give us a little more color on what happened there?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. Mike, we get this periodically. I mean, it's just, typically we assume that outs from the distributor are going to generate an equal number of ins, i.e., orders to the distributor from us. We have great transparency here as you know, meaning, we had printouts from each of our distributor partners about what exact case went to what exact customer at what price. So we have great clarity in terms of consumption particularly in our U.S. and Canadian businesses. And in U.S., you simply had distributors taking down inventory in the quarter. I mean, it could be as simple as we're watching these things run through here. These things happen, I would say, episodically. I mean, it's happened a number of times. I ran that business. This is not big new news. If it's consumption dropping, we get nervous. If it's just a order pattern deal with our distributor inventories, then we don't really get all that nervous. So, the U.S. consumption was at 6.3% in the third quarter compared to 6.4% through acquisition adjusted in the second quarter. That's not any meaningful difference. And so, we're quite confident that business continues to run well.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: All right. And then in the comments that you guys provided on Energy, you referenced lower customer product usage within the production side of the Energy business. I was wondering, how much flexibility did customers have on reducing chemical use and is this a situation where they can only do that for so long and then we would expect to see the usage rebound, or does it have more to do with the mix of production coming from more sources that are using less of your chemicals on a per barrel basis?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. I'd say it's principally that there are some technologies they just turned off because of their cash position. And so, some anticorrosion products. You don't see corrosion in a month or even a year, it's over a period of time. And so these are technologies that they'll turn off in very dire times. But they will end up turning it back on because it's not very smart economically to have these turned off for long periods of time because you're going to basically blow out your pipe and then you've got a big capital problem if you want to continue flow of material. So it's a number of those instances. And that business we anticipate would come back as price and customer cash flow stabilizes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Hamzah Mazari with Macquarie. Please proceed with your question.
Kayvan Rahbar - Macquarie: Hi. This Kayvan stepping in for Hamzah. You had a question about SG&A. Could you sort of tell us sort of what the outlook for that might be especially as it relates to some of the investment spend that's coming in?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. Look, I'd say our investments are in several areas. I mean, certainly we continue to add sales folks in the businesses that continue to show solid organic growth. We continue to invest in field technology and also what I'll call a customer connectivity technology. We collect data in nearly a million customer sites around the world, and we want to make sure that we connect that data collection capability with the cloud so that we can better utilize it to inform our sales team in advance of what's going on, better direct them to sales opportunities, how to help the customer frankly drive efficiency in both new sales productivity and in just selling time productivity as we go forward. So that's an area that's getting a lot of work. We continue to invest in just core ERP capabilities throughout the company knitting together the number of ERP systems we have around the world. We turned Canada on in the second quarter. We typically don't talk about these things as we go through them because we typically don't have big issues as we turn them on. And so we're continuing to invest there as we move forward, and so those areas are also getting, what I would call, historically outsize investments as we upgrade those capabilities, which we think are really important for us long-term and something that we think is manageable in our P&L as we move forward.
Kayvan Rahbar - Macquarie: All right. I appreciate that color. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andy Wittmann with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks. Doug, as we're heading here into 2017 and you're doing your planning process, I was just hoping you could outline for us what your key strategic priorities are going to be as you go into 2017 and really what some of those swing factors that could affect  the key swing factors that you're looking at today as you handicap what 2017 could look like? I just want to see what's on your list of pluses and minuses there.
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. I would say in terms of driving the business, we mentioned this year one of them, we had a number of key strategic priorities. One was getting energy-ready for what we'll call stabilization and kind of upturn, and I think we can check the box and then we feel like we're in good shape there moving into next year. So, strategic priorities around driving the business or just making sure we continue to stick to the fundamentals. Driving new business, leveraging innovation to do that, as well as to build mix, profitable mix within the existing customer base, all the fundamentals that we typically drive. We've got some significant cost savings initiatives that we're undertaking, particularly in product supply, which I mentioned earlier, to make sure just from an operating standpoint we continue to build both top line and expand margins as we go forward. Longer term, there's probably two key areas that we're going to have outsize emphasis. One I just talked about in terms of field technology and customer connection technologies. We're going to continue to invest there, make sure that we have a leadership position. We already have a huge installed base of information collection capability. We want to make sure that we fully leverage that to our advantage and our customers' advantage moving forward, so that's going to get an area. The second would be talent. And so we have had a lot of success, I think, attracting great people, but we want to continue to improve our capabilities there. We track by business, by market, we're in a 172 of them how we do in terms of keeping our people, developing our people, and promoting our people, and we want to continue to increase our capabilities in all those areas because we think that's going to increasingly become a very important source of long-term competitiveness.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): On the earnings side, the key swing factors that you're looking at to drive results into 2017?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: I think the wild cards would be, number one, FX. And so, I'm sitting here quite confident it's not going to be anywhere near 7% in terms of EPS headwind next year, but if you want something that can turn on a dime, it would be FX. It's also impossible to predict. I guess I just did. So that would be the wild card. Again, I don't think it's fundamental to what's going on in the business and long-term that turns the other way some day. I just don't know when it is. The other area I think would be just kind of world economic health. I don't think the world is going to turn to recession, but it's kind of a flaky world right now and it's almost binary. Things turn on and off much more rapidly than they did before. I think that's something we're just going to have to manage and be nimble. And then finally, oil, which I would say is probably more likely an upside than downside to price, but it could go either way as we all know. Oil would be the other one that you would say, I think we've got this thing cast fairly in kind of a comfortable zone. We are not expecting any really upside benefit from a big market upturn from oil. I don't think you're going to see it in any case in the first half. Second half, you can start arguing a case, probably more likely upside versus our forecast than downside.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Parkinson with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thank you. Just an extension on the Healthcare questions. Can you comment a little on the longer-term trends you're seeing in the business, especially under readmission reduction program penalties, HII penalties, et cetera. It seems like you've seen some material upticks here in the last year. So just anything worth noting that could be a tailwind in 2017 or 2018?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. I don't know that we can attribute our recent success to that factor. I would say that could only help us. I would say we're not counting on it; that fundamentally what we're working to do is be much clearer in articulating the benefit and effectiveness of our program approach in reducing HAIC or healthcare-acquired infection. This has material financial benefits to hospitals who are looking for material financial benefit. And it also has great moral benefits as well because you're hurting fewer people as you go forward. So I think that's really what we're focused on and talking about. I think if that gets traction, we'll start weaving that more tightly into our story, but that's not the benefit that we're leveraging right now.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Fair enough. And very quickly on pest elimination, can you just talk a little more about the regional trends you're seeing in LatAm and Asia Pac specifically, the long-term strategies and just a little more color on the innovative sales offerings, please? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Pest business was fairly strong across the board, and I'm just trying to get my chart. I would say two things. The business is  the pest business really takes off when you have some density. And so, what we've been able to do with a number of like what I would call as the Asia Pacific and the Latin America markets is continuing to drive density, which will continue to drive much better leverage. Right now if you look at those markets, they are the lowest OI margins that we have, and it's really a consequence of the makeup of the business, i.e., smaller businesses that are growing but haven't quite achieved what I would call margin efficient density level. But they will. So that's one of the reasons I think to be bullish on that business. All of them are growing quite well, and the growth in particularly Latin America and Asia Pacific is going to have outsized margin contribution as it starts overwhelming the overhead investments that we've already made.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Doug, I was wondering if you could touch on the growth from Institutional, which went from up 10% in the second quarter to up 7% in the third. Is the 7% more normal level, or was there some negative impact in Europe from all of those attacks?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. It wasn't Europe in particular. As I mentioned earlier, we had a somewhat unusually soft result in Institutional that was really driven by inventory distributor  distributor inventory channel, not by underlying consumption. And so, I would say, 1% to 10% you'll recall includes Swisher, so it's a bit artificially high. We don't claim that that business is a 10% organic growth business. But the 7%, which also included Swisher, I would say, is artificially low versus what it would be. We think it's running at a fairly normal basis. In the fourth quarter, we're going to start annualizing against the Swisher acquisition as we move forward. But the underlying Institutional U.S. business, which is the one that impacted  created that delta most notably is fine. The underlying business is solid. I mentioned earlier it was  its underlying consumption rate was 6.3%. This is acquisition adjusted right in the third quarter versus 6.4% in the second quarter. So very steady.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Do you think that the adjustment at the distributors level is done?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, there's only so much it can do. I don't even know that it was planned. Sometimes these are just frankly a function of what happens in the last days of a quarter and when orders happen. So I don't think it's significant. Yeah, there's not a lot of room for them to take out inventory. Let's put it that way.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: And, Doug, if we look at Europe and the weak economic environment, do you think that if deals, they stay flat going forward, you can still improve your margin by about 100 basis points a year?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. What I've always said, Rosemarie, is we need our nose above water, we don't need huge growth. Obviously, the faster we grow, the easier it is to generate the 100 basis points plus. We're in a position this year we'll exceed the 100 basis points again. I think that's  I don't know if this is our sixth year in a row now since we  I guess the fifth year in a row since we announced it. But we're in a very good position to go deliver this year and had terrific margin improvement in the third quarter. So I feel  I think we are going to keep our nose above water in the economic environment that we foresee in Europe, which is a bit softer than we've seen recently, and we'll continue to be able to generate a 100 plus basis points in margin improvement.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks. Good afternoon. Doug, if I could circle back to when you were discussing Water in prepared remarks, you mentioned mining expected to rebound in the fourth quarter on easier comps. But you also mentioned benefit from new sales and just curious what you're seeing in mining as far as trends geographically and the health of the business. Obviously, you're talking up the trend, the momentum into 2017, but just curious on the clarity on mining specifically.
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. Well, I mean, mining went through a free fall itself, and I think what we've probably seen is some kind of stabilization in the base. And, of mining operators who, I think, can better predict going forward. We haven't seen any recovery in that business in terms of just mining activity. There's a lot of conversation in that industry about who is going to bet on the future and on increased demand because they're going to have to sink some capital to do it. So, really, the net new business we have and we have a number of technologies. These technologies can lower existing costs, reduce the amount of water that it takes to execute ex-mining. I mean, people are still mining. But that's what's really  that's what really drove the new sales. It wasn't some kind of pickup in mining activity from quarter-to-quarter.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thanks. And then with regard to Swisher, could you just give us a little bit of backdrop with regard to the divestiture and how things have gone with the retained portions? Thanks.
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. We divested the restroom cleaning portion of Swisher which interestingly was Swisher's original business. And that was a business that we always intended to divest even when we bought it. I mean, I guess, we had open minds that if it proved to us to be a lot more valuable to us than we suspected going in, but we never saw that business as a great fit for the way that we conduct business. It's a good business. It's just not necessarily a good business for us to own. And so as a consequence, we divested it. We thought we would be able to divest that a lot quicker than we did. If anything, it slowed us down on a few areas of synergies that we are now getting after i.e., we had to keep their operating center in Charlotte open much longer than we anticipated and some other things because that's where that business is run out of. And so we'll get on with it. The Swisher acquisition, I would say is largely on track. If you're going to pin me down and say where is it exactly, I mean, it's behind by weeks and it's in a position where that team will catch up quite quickly now that that divestiture is behind us. So that deal is going to ultimately turn out to be a absolute home run financially for us. It's just been a heck of a lot of work in terms of transitioning all the products to our formulas, moving them, they're still doing production, one, their warehouse to our warehouse and their factory to our factory, changing the way that they distribute because a lot of it was distributed by individual salespeople within Swisher and obviously that's not how we distribute our product for safety reasons as well as just control reasons and utilization of sales time efficiency. So for all kinds of reasons. So there's been a lot of transitioning going on. All of it is going quite well, but it's a lot of work. And so, I know that team is looking forward to start hitting to more normal operating situations, which they're entering now Q4 and Q1.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dan Dolev with Nomura. Please proceed with your question.
Dan Dolev - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. It sounds like the Energy estimate for the year is going to be a touch lower than what you initially guided to. I think you mentioned 12% decline versus 10% in July. A, is that true? And, B, can you give us the breakdown of the three sub segment in terms of Wellchem, downstream and then within production? Or C, can you give us sort of the usage and the pricing changes and how that changes from 3Q to 4Q? Thanks.
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. So, you're right. We had said it was going to be down around 10%, and now we've clarified it's going to be down around 12%. I would say from our view then to our view now, the macro theme is pretty consistent since second half is going to be better than the first half. It is. So the business is bottoming. It is. And then the specifics around where the business is going to park for the year is a little worse than we had anticipated. I'd say what's going on, I would, mostly downstream is a little softer than we had forecast at that time. There has been some new business that we've had that's been delayed, not permanently, but out a quarter or so. And then we had a couple of world events that I would say also nicked us, pipelines breaking, pulling out of Iraq, etcetera. But I don't know that that's really a material part of the story. I think the story on Energy is it's been a dramatic headwind for us over the last, if you will, six quarters, seven quarters. We're now starting to enter a period where we're going to start lapping, and it's going to quickly move from a headwind to a tailwind, almost under any normal scenario. If you don't believe oil is going to decline further from here, all it does is stabilize. I think it's accretive. If it happens to start picking up, it's going to be more accretive as we go forward. So, sub segments, sequentially we think OFC is the same or a little better. Downstream is going to be a little better, but going to be a little worse year-on-year. Also had one timers in that business last year. Wellchem is going to be a little better also Q4 to Q3. So kind of across the board we see minor sequential strengthening, but I underline minor. I think the business is stabilized, and we're in a good position to move into 2017.
Dan Dolev - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Great. And can you give us the 3Q ranges for those three sub segments if possible?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: In terms of sales growth?
Dan Dolev - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Yeah. I guess sales decline in WellChem, downstream growth, and then what happened in OFC?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. I would say we typically don't go into each of the details. I'd say downstream was modestly positive. OFC was modestly negative. And still the business that's been most impacted is Wellchem, but its decline has slowed considerably as it starts lapping last year's numbers.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. And I would like to turn the call back to Mr. Monahan for closing remarks.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: That wraps up our third quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated discussion and slides will be available for replay on our website. Thanks for your time and participation, and our best wishes for the rest of the day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-02 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc. Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.
Analysts: Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC Daniel Rizzo - Jefferies LLC David E. Ridley-Lane - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc. Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co. Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker) Edlain Rodriguez - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ecolab Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mike Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Thank you, Mr. Monahan, you may now begin.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's Second Quarter Conference Call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO. [Technical Difficulty] (1:03-1:07)
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: ...on the conference call. Hello? Did we lose it?
Operator: You're still connected, Mr. Monahan. Please go ahead.
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: Okay. Sorry. We've got an odd dial tone. All right. A discussion of our results, along with earnings release and the slides referencing our quarter's results and our outlook are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements on these materials stating that this teleconference, the discussion and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Form 10-K under Item 1A, Risk Factors, and in our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with a brief overview of the quarter, continued attractive new account gains and new product introductions drove strong acquisition-adjusted fixed currency sales growth in our Global, Institutional, Industrial and Other segments during the second quarter, nearly offsetting a decline in Energy sales. New business and ongoing cost efficiency work led the adjusted fixed currency operating margin expansion, more than offsetting the impact of soft economies, challenging end markets and continued currency headwinds. These, along with lower taxes and shares outstanding, drove the 7% adjusted earnings per share increase before currency translation. While Energy segment results have been challenging, we believe that recent trends suggest the bottoming of our energy cycle, and we expect second half Energy segment sequential results to reflect that stabilization. We look for the market recovery to begin gradually and take hold in 2017 and improve through 2018 and 2019, and for the Energy segment to show results reflecting that market improvement. Looking to the third quarter, we expect our Global Institutional, Industrial and Other segments to continue to show further strong acquisition adjusted fixed currency growth outpacing their markets in soft international economies as they leverage investments we have made to further improve sales and service force effectiveness and profitability and more than offset lower year-on-year results from our Energy business. We look for the third quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share to be in the $1.24 to $1.32 range, with that range including approximately $0.08 per share or 6% of unfavorable impact from the Venezuela devaluation and deconsolidation, and currency translation as we continue to aggressively drive business growth. For the full year, the Global Institutional, Industrial and Other segments are expected to continue to show strong acquisition adjusted fixed currency growth. Energy year-on-year sales comparisons should improve versus the first half and for the full year are expected to decline around 10% versus the last year. We continue to expect to outperform our markets in 2016 while also investing in the key drivers for future sustainable above-average earnings growth. We expect our consolidated results to show improving comparisons in the second half and have narrowed our forecast for adjusted diluted earnings per share in 2016 to the $4.35 to $4.50 range from $4.35 to $4.55, which includes expected currency headwinds of $0.27 to $0.32 per share of which $0.17 per share is from the Venezuela devaluation and deconsolidation. Moving to some highlights from the quarter, and as discussed in our press release, reported second quarter diluted earnings per share were $0.87. On an adjusted basis, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items from both years, second quarter 2016 adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.08 and included $0.08 or 7% currency headwinds. This compared with adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.08 a year ago. The adjusted diluted earnings per share growth was driven by delivered product and other cost savings, cost efficiencies and lower taxes and shares which offset investments in the business and higher variable compensation. Our consolidated acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales were modestly lower as our Global Institutional, Industrial and Other segments grew 4%, but were offset by lower Energy sales. Regional sales growth was led by Latin America and Europe. Reported operating margins declined 50 basis points. Adjusted fixed currency operating margins expanded 30 basis points as delivered product and other cost savings and cost efficiencies offset investments in the business, higher variable compensation and lower Energy results. In 2016's difficult environment, we are focused on driving new business gains by helping customers lower costs. We are using our industry-leading product innovation and service strengths to help customers achieve the best results and the lowest operating costs, and through these, aggressively drive new account gains across all of our segments. We expect third quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share in the $1.24 to $1.32 range, reflecting a combined Venezuela devaluation and deconsolidation impact and currency translation drag of approximately $0.08 or 6%. Consolidated results are expected to improve with the second half outperforming the first half. We narrowed our full-year adjusted diluted earnings per share forecast to the $4.35 to $4.50 per share range from $4.35 to $4.55. This forecast includes expected unfavorable currency exchange in the $0.27 to $0.32 per share range of which $0.17 per share is from the Venezuela devaluation and deconsolidation. In summary, despite a very challenging global economic and market environment, we expect to continue to deliver solid fundamental results in 2016. We remain confident in our business, our markets and our people, as well as our capacities to meet our aggressive growth objectives over the coming years. And now, here's Doug Baker with some comments.
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Thank you, Mike. Hello, everybody. Just a couple of thoughts on the quarter and the second half of the year. So, Q2 results were solid, particularly given the environment. So, adjusted EPS was flat versus last year, but plus 7% excluding currency. And if you look at operating cash flow, it was up 37% versus last year for the first half. So, these results are driven by continued strong performance, as Mike just went through, in our Institutional, Industrial and Other segments. Those segments combined had a 6.5% top line growth, 4% organic. Our Energy segment is stabilizing. If you look at Q2 sales and OI, they're very much in line with Q1, with sales off about $5 million but OI is stronger in Q2. Importantly, if you look at underlying metrics, what we call our leading indicators, both our new business and innovation metrics remained strong. We believe it will strengthen throughout the year. We expect a strong second half as a result; so that will be driven again by continued strong Industrial, Institutional and Other performances. We will see a lessening Energy and FX headwinds we are forecasting in the second half. Energy is really driven principally by an easier base because last year we have seen more of the drop in the second half than the first, so the base is just simpler to compare against. FX is our forecast, but really we're annualizing against last year's big second half move, and we predict that FX will be close to neutral, modest negative in the fourth quarter, but obviously coming out and being more neutral going into 2017. Last thing, I guess, I would highlight is a real callout to our team who I think is doing a great, great job in a very tough environment. We remain focused on what we can control, we're getting after new business, we're driving innovation, we're taking care of customers. We're doing a terrific job there. We continue to invest in the future. We're managing the business the right way, particularly around cash flow metrics and working capital, and we're are also continuing to focus on delivering in the short term while doing all of these. So I'm very proud of the team and proud of the performance. And importantly, happy to be moving into the second half where we're starting to see a little less of a headwind that we've seen in the last six quarters. So with that, now let me turn it back over to Mike to introduce Q&A.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: Thank you, Doug. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, please begin the question-and-answer period.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one brief follow-up question per caller, so that others will have a chance to participate. Our first question is from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair. Please proceed with your questions.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yeah, I wondered, Doug, just talk a little bit on the charge in the Energy business this quarter, was that just kind of a little bit of cleanup there in that business with a few more head count reductions and the inventory adjustment or do you see there being a little bit more to come? It seems like that could be an additional sign that you're also really seeing the bottom there.
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, well, Nate, yeah, I would say, our view is that we have bottomed or are bottoming in an Energy segment. As a consequence, we felt it was a good time for us to analyze what assets were actually going to be useful or not useful, given the change in the Energy business. So, we chose the timing based on our belief that we are at the bottom and starting to move into an inflection point, though as I've said before, coming out angle is going to be a lot lower than the coming in angle. So, it's not going to be an equal recovery. It's going to take more time to get out. But it's basically looking at our inventory situation, we had made product which made a lot of sense in the previous environment, i.e., guar replacements and the like, and given the drop-off in the guar market, they don't make sense anymore. And so, that would be an example of the type of inventory that we disposed of. Simply, it made a lot of sense two years ago; doesn't make a lot of sense in this environment. And likewise in some of the capital, it could have been some fleet assets or some mixing vessels, et cetera, that just aren't going to be productive going forward, and so we felt it was the right thing to do to take these off the balance sheet. So, really the timing was as you said, and we do believe that this represents the "re-look" at the assets as a consequence of the change in the energy market. We don't believe there is more to come, but also it's hard to predict the future. But that was the idea.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Fair enough. And then second, in terms of a follow-up question, obviously you continue to see that nice gross margin expansion. I know part of that is due to the lower raw materials and part of that is due to just ongoing internal initiatives. I was wondering if you could kind of give us a little bit of flavor for the two buckets, and then what to expect here going forward as we probably lose a little bit of that benefit on the raw materials side?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, similar to where we stood at the end of the first quarter, we are still forecasting a modest increase in raw material prices in the fourth quarter. And that's still our view. I would say, the likelihood of that has lessened and not increased as time's gone on, but that's still the forecast. I would say, our ability to drive gross profit isn't solely dependent on raw materials. Obviously, it's pricing, timing and volume. And we believe we'll be able to manage through any raw material rise that we're likely to experience just as we've successfully managed through 2004, 2009, 2010 and 2013, 2014, et cetera.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of John Quealy with Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed with your questions.
John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hi. Good afternoon. Congratulations on the execution. First question, within Global Institutional, some very healthy organic growth there. Can you talk about some of the derivative constituent parts, how it's trending, lodging, QSR, restaurants, anything you can give us around price versus share? And then, I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, most of the growth in both specialty and institutional businesses is volume driven. You have exceptions like Latin America where you just have high inflation where we're going after and getting significant price because it's a must, given the environment. In terms of underlying business performance, we've never had a one-to-one on foot traffic and we're watching some of the same foot traffic reports that probably everybody else is. I would say broadly in the full-service restaurant area, foot traffic has been soft for literally seven years or eight years, so it hasn't been our principal driver. It's really our ability to drive share based on our technology's capability of lowering costs for our customers. And that's going to remain, we think, in the forefront of how we're going to continue to drive share. And (15:31-15:35) to make sure that we're focusing on what our customer needs are, expanding with them as they expand geographically, and seeking out new QSR customers, particularly outside of the U.S. as they emerge in different markets. And all of those strategies continue to work. We think that both Institutional and Specialty will continue to perform well throughout the balance of the year.
John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. Thank you. And as a follow-up, making a comment on your equity investment in Aquatech in the water space. Can you talk about the broader capital deployment? Are we likely to see more smaller venture type or emerging growth type investments, or how does that landscape look to you folks for the balance of the year? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. I would say Aquatech is somewhat unique. More frequently, we're buying companies as opposed to making equity investments in companies. Here it made sense to make the type of investment we're making given the matching capabilities of what we are looking to try to do, we thought it was a wise way to proceed. I would say in the M&A front generally, I'm quite comfortable that if you take some kind of midpoint of a range around 3% of sales that, without doing anything outsized, there's enough attractive targets out there to continue to add approximately 3% to the sales line. I think you're seeing that through announcements like Anios and other smaller announcements this year. In terms of appetite, it's not that we don't have an appetite for a bigger deal. I think we'd be in a position to do one both on the balance sheet and I would say, most importantly, internally with management capacity and capability. But that's really going to be determined by mutual interest coming to a place where economically it makes sense. And these things, you have to be a little more patient around. So I would expect more smaller deals in the near-term.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi, guys. If I could follow-up on that last one. I think historically over the long-term prior to big deals you talked about adding a couple percent from lock-on M&A, but typically not a lot of profits in the first year and then that ramp thereafter. Is that still the right way to think about it? And I guess as part two of that, I guess we're getting closer to year in on Swisher. How is that looking specifically from a profitability perspective?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, when we did the  so I'll answer the last question first. Swisher. Swisher is more or less on plan and as we predicted at the time we bought it we said the first four quarters of ownership would be likely negative. Obviously we bought that asset at a pretty low price. It was at a low price for a reason. It didn't make any money. It was likely losing money. And we wanted to turn that around over time because we're quite sensitive. We want to remain in control of keeping the volume and the customers happy. So I would say that's progressing and we'll start seeing positive out of Swisher either Q4 of this year or Q1 next year. So no different. I'd say I think your formulaic statement around; we get the sales first and the profit next. I think it's more true than not. It's field-dependent. We  the metric we pay most attention to is return when we're doing deals, not accretion dilution. Swisher would be a good example of that. Dilutive the first year, but a hell of a return if we're able to execute on it and we think we will be able to. That's how we like to focus on doing deals. And so we're just not as sensitive to first-year profitability on these as long as we think the return's going to be great. Now we're not against first-year profitability either, but often it will come hand-in-hand. So I think that's how I think about it. But if you do a series of these year-in, year-out, it sort of takes care of itself because you build up a number of annuity streams and you're making money on the deal over any reasonable period of time
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thanks. And then the follow-up. Obviously interest rates have come down a lot since the Brexit situation. And I guess it seems to me you're likely to face another pension headwind next year if rates stay where they are. Is it too early to get a sense of the size of what that could be, or should we think of the average of the last couple of years when it was at $0.10 or $0.20 headwind? Is that possible? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: It's a math formula. So if you drew a line right now and said, this is the interest rate, it'd be $0.04 to $0.05 negative next year in that range. So like 1%. I don't think it's going to swamp the boat. I'd rather have a point favorable, but that's the type of impact you'd be looking at.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Daniel Rizzo - Jefferies LLC: Hi. This is Dan Rizzo on for Laurence. I just wanted an update on how the market dynamics have shifted, particularly in Europe and the U.S. if anything's changed at all?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, U.S., I would say isn't much different than we expected this year. We never have high expectations. We always go into these years thinking that growth is going be more similar in the past couple years  and there's no magic second-half inflection point  seems to be regularly forecast but rarely realized. So U.S., we haven't seen a huge change. I think there is a bit of a consumer spend hiccup in April, May but that seems to have evened out a bit. In terms of Europe, I don't know that  I would say the more  the bigger impact in the near-term has been around  from terrorism, not British exit. And I think British exit may well indeed have significant impact on Europe in total. I guess it's too early to recognize that at this point in time. But terrorism certainly, where it's hit, though, obviously, the Turkish tourism business is way off for two reasons: their challenges with Russia, which seem to be clearing up. Russian tourists were one of their main draws and that dried up, but obviously the terroristic activity throughout that country has had a dampening effect on people's desire to go visit. And likewise in parts of Europe, you've seen the same impact. With that said, I still think we're going to have positive sales growth this year in Europe. We continue to drive share. Our share anywhere in the world is not anywhere near what we would call max capability. And so what we focus on is taking care of our customers, keeping them and driving share. And we still believe we are more in charge than not of driving top line.
Daniel Rizzo - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then my second question is just with the vitality index, I think the bogey is like 35%. Are you at or near that or a little above, a little below? Just a color there, please.
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, we're right around 30%. And the 35%, it's a little different by business unit. I think on average now, we'd say it's around 33%. So we're just under our target.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Sure. Can you compare the overall new business sold in the first half of 2016 versus first half 2015?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, I think we are plus  I think we're off a couple points year-on-year versus where we were last year, which isn't unusual. But we're basically running at the same elevated rate.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: And then as a follow-up, on the energy charge, can you sort of size what percentage of head count was taken out or give some way of thinking about the SG&A benefits from that charge on a go-forward basis?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, David, if this is wrong, we'll come back and correct. I think what this was, was the number  probably 4% to 5% of head count in the company is what it represented roughly.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Got it. Thank you very much
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah, thank you. I just wanted to ask again about the energy recovery in the second half. Is that just more of an easier comps issue? Or  and just curious with oil trading back lower and maybe building some cushion in for the year, just curious, and maybe if you could give us some color on the different parts of that energy breakout and what are you expecting in each?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, we expect continued softness, clearly, in the WellChem business, in particular. OFC less so, but still soft and downstream continuing to grow in the second half, even modestly better than the first half growth. Some of that is just year-on-year timing as well. But mostly, Manav, what this is, is easier comps. There is a minor benefit from  there's some seasonality. We are not anticipating or expecting any upturn in energy market activity in the second half from really first half levels. We do believe that you continue to have the correction that we've been seeing in terms of supply and demand in the overall oil market. That continues to narrow which we believe is the metric to watch more so than price. Price has seasonal components to it too. We believe that we are likely to see softening of price as the summer ended. It was predicted by many in the industry. I know many are acting surprised, but that was a common prediction and so we still think that the key metrics are supply and demand. They are narrowing. That's what's going to drive correction and price over any period of time, but we don't see any real activity recovery until 2017.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. And just to touch on the Anios deal I guess, if I said that correctly, the healthcare deal, but just some  the strategy there, is that more of the typical tuck-in that you do? Or what should we expect in the healthcare area?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, I mean healthcare remains obviously one of our real focus areas, and our healthcare business in the second quarter had 4% sales so we're seeing the recovery and improvement that we've been talking about in that business, and we anticipate a better second half in that business even before we close on Anios. So the Anios business and the rationale is, one, it's in very similar businesses, has some excellent technology which we can leverage throughout the other geographic parts of our business. It's a great geographic footprint match with our current European business, i.e. where they're strong, we're almost non-existent and vice versa, so it's an almost ideal puzzle piece from that standpoint. And then the Anios brand is a strong brand, and we see it as a great way to go drive penetration in markets that may not be large enough for us to build our own locally focused healthcare organization, but still develop a very strong distributor-base strategy leveraging a very strong global brand name like Anios. So that's the basics of that deal.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel. Please proceed with your questions.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Thank you very much for taking my questions. Hey, Doug, just in a kind of a general question here. Outside of the Energy business, your other businesses are growing 4% organic. Given the overall global environment and market that we're in, does that feel like the right way to think about this going forward? Or you feel that there's levers to really accelerate the items from 4% to 5% to 6% in the current environment? And then potentially  excluding energy is kind of a wild card here?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, I think the 4% is a bit understated versus what the actual performance is. Yes. If you said the global environment is going to be static here because you've got a number of industries which are going through major contractions as a consequence of change in economic environment, specifically primary metals, steel, et cetera, which are big water technology consumers for us, have been contracting. That's got a half-life. They've stopped contracting. While they may not rebuild, you do run into year-on-year base. Mining is obviously going through a major shift, and so you've got these  mining was down 10%. We've got some large pieces of our heavy water business down double-digits as well. That stuff will moderate over time even if the economy doesn't improve from here. So I really think much of our business is growing call it more like around the 5% zone. I don't think that's an unusual expectation or an unrealistic expectation in a modest-growth economy, which we're in globally. So I would probably pin it around there. I think it's going to take a better economy to get us firmly in the 6% to 8% over an extended period of time, and we're welcome to prove that out if the economic gods would benefit us with a better economy.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then as a follow-up, can you talk a little bit about healthcare and just the expectation for it to get better in the second half? We've seen a number of times where healthcare has kind of spiked up and then come back down. I guess you could call them head fakes or however you want to refer to them, but what gives you the confidence that we're actually going to see some consistent improvement?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, I think last year would probably be the only head fake I really know about and the head fake last year was called a recall, which feeds into this year's confidence that we're going to have a much stronger second half than the first because you're going against the recall base, which we talked obviously about last year in both our third and fourth quarter call. But if you look at the fundamentals in that business, we're having more success than we've ever had in terms of selling new customers on our programs. That's the fundamental that we look at and why we're bullish on this business. So we got a good team, much better execution, the work that we did when we "put the business in the shop" I think is really paying off, and the team execution is quite strong right now. That's really the bullishness
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Doug, on Energy in terms of pricing. Did pricing declines accelerate at all this quarter or have they been stable at these levels?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, they've been fairly stable. I mean, I think we're in our peak decline, if you will, sort of the culmination of pricing moves taken last year and pricing moves taken this year in the third quarter. It's modestly different than what we've experienced in the second quarter, and then we expect it to start improving from there. So we're right around the bottom of the price impact, as well, too.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And I noticed earlier for 2017, but at current oil prices I guess you would say you could grow earnings in energy next year. Can you describe maybe how and how much, perhaps, as an early read for 2017?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, it is early. So I would have to ask you a number of other questions about what assumptions you've got for the market. If they're this assumption which is that you do see modest oil price recovery next year where it's  or let's call it $50, $55 for a continued period of time which is what we believe and you start seeing a very modest pickup in activity in 2017, we think that we'll see modest growth which we talked about previously. Call it mid-single-digits and in that scenario, just the volume leverage, overhead coverage leverage alone you would see sizable improvement in operating income from that business. That would  we do not believe next year is going to be a price recovery year simply because typically it's probably going to have to move into 2018 before we see substantial price recovery. The price recovery alone isn't needed to see improved margins or improved profits.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Andrew Wittmann with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. I wanted to just build on the prior question. Doug, you mentioned that there's  the businesses may be understating its growth because of some of the headwinds and hopefully, heavy water. Where are we on those heavy water industries? You mentioned steel and mining that are dragging. Are those comps bottoming? Clearly the comment on energy, I just don't know about these other quantities.
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, I think we believe mining; we come out of it fourth quarter or first quarter. We are annualizing against kind of the significant change that occurred in that market. Likewise, I would also say in heavy water the segments are under pressure there. It would be around the same timing. There's some in Q4, some in Q1, but call it end of the year
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Great. And then just  it was interesting to hear the comments that your consolidated overall revenue growth was driven by Latin America and Europe. It seems a little bit idiosyncratic with some of the global economies. Can you just talk about what was driving that? Was it your sales execution or are you seeing better fundamental trends in some of those markets than you are in the more mature North America market?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, our sales in North America ex-energy were clearly stronger than Europe. Substantially. I would say Energy's impact, negative impact, was principally North American story. So that's really the North American perspective. Europe, I think the Europe team's been doing an outstanding job and since last year when we started getting some sales traction they've been on the fundamentals that drive it, which is new business and innovation, and they're doing a good job executing it in spite of obviously a less-than-robust economy. Latin America, we've got very modest volume growth in Latin America but a very strong pricing impacts, which is I said earlier were and are critical given the high inflation in those markets which is really driven by their currency devaluation. So they import a lot of technology and a lot of raw materials, and those raws cost more in those markets as a consequence of their currency moves and we had to get pricing to negate that and we are. So that's  I guess, the perspective I have on those regions. So L.A. we continue to get modest market share gains with significant pricing gains.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research. Please go ahead with your questions.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Good afternoon. A couple of questions, if I may. First of all, can you talk a little bit about what's going on in the Food and Beverage market? We've seen growth there over the first six months or so, a little bit slower than it's been in the past. Are you anniversary-ing some of the share gains you've gotten, or is the overall market a little bit lighter in terms of demand? Can you just give us a little bit more view on what's going on and what you expect to go on there in the second half of the year?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, I guess second half we would expect F&B to be equal or a little better than you've seen in the first half. And as 4% probably moving into the 5% range is sort of the range that we're talking about. I'd say F&B continues to perform well. It's got pretty even execution around the globe. But you've seen a lot of consolidation, particularly in the North American market as there's been real pressure on a number of processed food companies, there's been a number of large acquisitions, both executed and considered. And so when two big companies get together they tend to drive synergies, which means fewer plants and what we would like is more food produced in more plants. That's not exactly how our customers view it, so they like more food produced in less plants and as a result we've got to go work through those things. But we've been doing this off and on, this goes in cycles. We're just going through another one, and this too has an end. But at the end of the day we continue to drive share in that business. We've got great new technologies coming out, particularly in the antimicrobial areas. So I'm quite bullish about F&B's near-term future and long-term future.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, Doug. And then as a follow-up, I think you mentioned that you expect some raw material inflation in the back half of the year. Can you talk a little bit about sort of where you see that coming from, whether it's petrochemical side or non-petrochemical side of the equation, or  I'm just  I'm not seeing a lot of sort of raw material pressure, so I'm just wondering where you're seeing them.
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, we see some of it in the caustic area and have already seen some. But also our forecast is a bit asymmetrical, i.e. no real pickup in activity, not significant price change in the oil market, yet we do have forecast some petrochemical raw materials increasing. But you need this in a forecast because I promise you maybe that's conservative. I promise other things that we think are conservative are going to prove to be not conservative, and so it's just what's in our forecast today as we go forward, and as I mentioned earlier I would say the likelihood of that increase is less now than it was a quarter ago but we'll see. We've remained with that in our forecast.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Harrison with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks. Wanted to ask another question just on the energy front, just on maybe the pace or trajectory of recovery. You mentioned, Doug, that you didn't think it would be the same angle of recovery as the angle of decline. Then you also mentioned you expected a sizable improvement in operating income, even with a mid-single-digit top line improvement next year. When you say sizable, I think the consensus number for EBIT growth next year in energy is around 20%, 25%. Is that the type of growth you think we should be baking in or is that aggressive?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, one, I would say  I don't want to get pinned down on exactly what we think energy EBIT growth will be next year, simply because we are just initiating our planning cycle as we go through and taking a view on what we believe raws are going to do next year as well as the market and everything else. So if you would, we'll give more transparency into that expectation as the year goes on. But right now, it seems to be  it's just too early for us to do that in good conscience because our odds of being a right are even smaller than they will be in December. Now with that said, when you have volume degradation in a business, particularly after X, you just see a lot of margin chewed up because you no longer are getting coverage. And so you will see, I think a march back on OI that is different on sales, simply because as you get some nominal volume coverage, it starts rebuilding overhead coverage. And you also get out of cutting inventories and back into even building inventories. And so, this thing is always a little bit pro-cyclical on how you have to manage inventories and everything else. It accentuates the negative, and probably in a small way, accentuates the positive when you get out of it.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: All right. Thank you. And then, just was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the higher variable comp that you saw. You called it out in both the Industrial and Institutional segments, is that a headwind that we should expect to kind of continue at this pace into the second half? Or was there maybe some catch-up that happened during Q2 that makes the Q2 margin hit a little bit worse than we should expect going forward?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. I mean fundamentally, it's bonus rebuild. We had given ourselves purposely an extremely challenging target last year, knowing it's going to be a difficult year. Our philosophy is always shareholders get paid first, management second. It was a tough year last. There is some, right now, on forecast required bonus rebuild year-on-year. That's what you're seeing. It's at its worst in the second quarter, but you will still see some in the third quarter and fourth quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company. Please proceed with your questions.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Thank you and good afternoon, everyone. Doug, I was wondering if you could give us a little more on Laboratoires Anios. For example, what kind of growth rate did they have in the past several years? And then looking at your own healthcare growing at 4%, what do you think they could do as a combined entity?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah  no, they were growing mid-single digits, it's what they've been growing regularly for a long period of time. I think two things. As I mentioned when I talked about the rationale for buying a geographic footprint but also this opportunity it prevents that they couldn't fully capitalize on without us, i.e., this expansion geographically. And we didn't have the product line and even some of the registrations that they do to accelerate it without them. And so, this is one of those opportunities that is occurring because we're joining forces, i.e., how do you get out and aggressively exploit the opportunity Anios has geographically outside of Europe. And we think it's significant, given our existing footprint or ability to do this quickly because we already have legal entities, capability to manage billing, people, and all the rest in all these markets. We can turn on a dime to do this, whereas obviously, it would be much more difficult for them. So, that's some of the unique growth opportunities it presents. There's also technology they have that we think will feed our other geographies and vice versa. So, we believe there's a lot of compatibilities and synergies on the top line as well.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: So, when you look at this, they are 5%, you are 4%. Then, is it fair to say that by 2018, giving you a year to start getting those two things together, we could approach that 6% to 8% top line growth?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, I'd be disappointed if we weren't there maybe even sooner. So, we expect our healthcare business to be upper single-digit organic growth business.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Doug, I wanted to ask on the Energy, the ascent out of the trough here. I know in the early days of the decline, maybe before it was as deep or maybe as long, as it's turned out, you guys thought you would get pricing back pretty quickly across your product line, maybe concede some in the short run to retain the volumes, but able to push prices later. I know in your comments a minute ago you mentioned seeing some price hikes for your Energy service business. Can you talk about whether that rate of improvement is different given the longer recovery that you've talked about?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, no, Bob. I think, I wouldn't expect  what I'm talking about in terms of  we think third quarter is probably our peak pain in terms of pricing year-on-year. We're still going to have negative pricing for a few quarters after that before you start annualizing against the price concessions that we've made in the industry. But we don't expect that we're going to have price increases, and I'm talking broadly. Will there be one exception? I'm sure there will be. But broadly in the energy market in 2017, we think that's more likely a 2018 and 2019 story as that market heals, recovers, and activity levels have to ramp up significantly in those years to fill in the hole that's been created by the capital that's been yanked out of this industry. And so, we really think it takes that kind of accelerated activity to create an environment where you're going to see pricing. Others in this industry have talked about getting pricing sooner, but I would say, they're in parts of the industry where they've had much more dramatic price decreases than we have. Remember, we're talking in total on average, several percentage points, not 15% and 20% type reductions. And so, they're in a very different situation, and frankly probably have to get pricing to be healthy enough to continue to operate in those industries.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's helpful. Thanks. And then, second question, is there going to be any sort of blip from Olympic space gains in South American business, or is it just really not material?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: We go through this every four years. We tend to do a lot of the Olympic business too. Historically, you may see a blip in that country, but it doesn't seem to manifest itself in the total numbers. So, I don't think so. I certainly wouldn't bet on it. I will say this, we have, as a consequence of the Zika virus issue, legitimate concern comes up with new mosquito programs, et cetera, which we are selling and providing to customers in Latin America and now increasingly in the Southern part of the U.S.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Christopher Parkinson with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Perfect. Thank you very much. You hit on this a little, but within water, you highlighted that mining was still down double digits but regionally LatAm was strong along with Europe, with APAC and North America little weak. I just had two quick questions. First, can you just parse out some of the key regional trends here and kind of what's driving that and then comment when you expect to lap the comps in mining? And two, were there any changes or whatsoever throughout the quarter within heavy industry, and what would be your updated outlook here? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah. No. I would say, one, and I'm going from memory here, that mining, in particular, pressure is  China and North America is the major pressure. And in other markets, its continued to perform well, including in Australia, which has real mining pressure broadly, but through technologies and others, we continue to do decently. Mining was negative 17% the first quarter, minus 10% this quarter, probably going to see a similar result in the third quarter, improved result in the fourth quarter. And I think you come out of it  and are probably in a position where you can grow that business again in 2017. Heavy, the pressure there is primary metals in particular, and it's growing, but very modestly, and I think that's what we're going to see in the second half. You're not going to see a significant upturn, but we do believe we'll see one early in 2017, as you start annualizing against some of the pain in that business and start moving forward. In the light side of water, so water heavy and light combined were up about 4% in this quarter, light continues to be very strong upper single-digit organic growth. We see that continuing. That's the largest of the businesses, and it's really got very strong momentum. We've reemphasized that, put new technology in there. And we're very, very pleased with what's going on in the light water business.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): That's great color. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks. You guys mentioned new product introduction drove market share gains, and just curious how the R&D budget looks, the new initiatives that you have coming out? So I guess, Doug, the question is what kind of impact in the current quarter and will you see going forward from new product development?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, our R&D budget  and GAAP has us only reporting on that that's really focused on kind of our traditional chemistry R&D and the like, continues to stay at about the same percentage of sales, but as sales has grown, the R&D budget would be expected to continue to grow. The other area that really is R&D for us is our fuel technology and our customer connection technology, which is also in large part driven both by (52:36) group and our Chief Technology Officer. That area has gotten significant increased investment and will continue to do so. If you look at our combined technology and R&D budget, it's up significantly this year versus last year. Last year was up versus the prior year. We have not blinked in terms of making long-term investments in our business. We have not taken any dollar off the table there. We want to continue to manage this business wisely, which means make your long-term investments. January comes every year. We're working to go manage our cash flow and working capital intelligently which means take it out of the business even when it had adverse impacts in your quarterly results because when you reduce inventory, you reduce PLOH, overhead coverage but it's important that we get inventory down, and we've been driving it down. I think we're $200 million-plus in terms of reduced working capital year-on-year first half versus second half, so that's an important metric for us to continue to drive. We want to make sure that we not only deliver very, very good EPS numbers but very good cash flow numbers as well because at the end of the day, that's what drives shareholder value. So, those are our focus areas. So, R&D will continue to get its investment. I don't care how bad the economy is.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks. And then I can  probably could guess what the answer, but you now have a bit tighter of a guidance range for the back half of the year. I'm curious just, is it simply economy forex oil prices or is there more to what might be the swing factors to put you at the higher or lower end of that range? Thanks.
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: I don't know. I think you covered the big three. And I don't think it's really oil price, to be honest, unless unnaturally craters. I think it's really continuing to watch the oil demand and supply gap. If it continues to narrow, then you're going to see a recovery in the industry in terms of activity, and if it doesn't, you won't. So, that's what we pay attention to in FX. Who knows?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line Edlain Rodriguez with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Edlain Rodriguez - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. Doug, one quick question. Energy clearly has been problematic, but as you look into 2017, looking at the rest of the portfolio, like any other areas there that concern you at all?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Oh, well. Yeah, I mean, we spend all our day looking for stuff to be concerned with. And of course, we're in 172 countries, so there's plenty of materials to seek out. I would say though on a broad basis, no, I think our businesses are in good shape in terms of competitive position, innovation pipeline, team health and the like. I think they should continue to perform as they've performed in recent years. They're going to have unique challenges to deal with every year, just as we've had in the past. I guess  everybody's guess is it may be raw materials last year, but I think we've proven that we can successfully manage through that, given what we've done in the last, call it, 10 plus years. So, I would say I don't think there's any real standouts. I think it's key to stay nimble. This environment's very hard to predict. We want to make sure that we can react to both opportunities and challenges quickly and get after them, and make sure that we maintain our focus on fundamentals while dealing with whatever the challenge and/or opportunity is du jour (56:29). And I think the team's done a heck of a job doing that over the last whatever period of time you want to look at.
Edlain Rodriguez - UBS Securities LLC: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the question-and-answer portion of our call. I'd like to turn the floor back to Mike Monahan for closing remarks
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: Thank you. That wraps up our second quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated discussion and slides will be available for replay on our website. Thanks for your time and participation, and our best wishes for the rest of the day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-03 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael J. Monahan - Senior Vice President External Relations Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc. Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC Hamzah Mazari - CRT Capital Group LLC Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company Christopher Evans - Goldman Sachs & Co. Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker) Dan Dolev - Nomura Securities International, Inc.
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Ecolab's First Quarter 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Michael Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Michael J. Monahan - Senior Vice President External Relations: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's first quarter conference call. With me today are Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO; and Dan Schmechel, our CFO. A discussion of results, along with our earnings release and the slides referencing the quarter's results and our outlook, are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements on these materials, stating that this teleconference, the discussion and slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Form 10-K under item 1A, risk factors, and in our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with a brief overview of the quarter, continued attractive new account gains and new product introductions drove good fixed currency sales growth in our Global Institutional, Industrial and Other segments during the first quarter, nearly offsetting a decline in Global Energy sales. New business and ongoing cost efficiency work led the strong adjusted fixed currency operating margin expansion, more than offsetting the impact of soft economies, weak oil prices and currency headwinds. These, along with fewer shares outstanding, drove the adjusted earnings per share increase before currency translation. While 2016 is proving to be a challenging year, we continue to focus on the same fundamental strategies that have successfully driven our strong growth record, providing the best products and service for our customers to give them the best results and lowest operating costs. They delivered again in the first quarter, and we expect them to deliver for the full year 2016. Looking to the second quarter, we expect our Global Institutional, Industrial and Other segments to continue to show solid acquisition adjusted fixed currency growth, outpacing their markets in soft international economies, as they leverage investments we have made to further improve sales and service force effectiveness and profitability and more than offset lower results from our Global Energy business. We look for the second quarter earnings per share to be in the $1.03 to $1.11 per share range, with that range including approximately $0.08 per share or 7% of unfavorable currency translation and impact from the Venezuela deconsolidation, as we continue to aggressively drive business growth. For the full year, the Global Institutional, Industrial and Other segments are expected to continue to show solid fixed currency growth. Global Energy segment expectations have softened. Global Energy sales are expected to be on the lower end of our range, down upper single digits versus last year. While the dollar has weakened somewhat, at this early point in the year, we are maintaining our earnings per share forecast for 2016 to reflect the uncertain currency trends and business environment. Net, we continue to expect to outperform our markets in 2016, while also investing in the key drivers for future, sustainable above-average earnings growth. We expect our consolidated results to show improving comparisons in the second half and continue to look for adjusted diluted earnings per share in the $4.35 to $4.55 range. Moving to some highlights from the first quarter. And as discussed in our press release, reported first quarter earnings per share were $0.77. On an adjusted basis, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items from both years, first quarter 2016 adjusted earnings per share decreased 4% to $0.77, reflecting an $0.11 or 14% currency headwind. The adjusted earnings per share growth was driven by delivered product and other cost savings, cost efficiencies and the lower share count. Our consolidated fixed currency acquisition adjusted sales were modestly lower, as our Global Institutional, Industrial and Other segments grew 4%, but were offset by lower Global Energy sales. Regional sales growth was led by Latin America and Europe. Adjusted fixed currency operating margins showed strong growth, expanding 60 basis points. In 2016's difficult environment, we are focused on driving new business gains by helping customers to lower their costs. We are using our industry-leading product innovation and service strengths to help customers achieve the best results and lowest operating costs and, through these, aggressively drive new account gains across all of our segments. We expect second quarter adjusted earnings per share in the $1.03 to $1.11 range, reflecting a currency translation and Venezuela deconsolidation drag of approximately $0.08 or 7%. Consolidated results are expected to improve with the second half outperforming the first half. We look for our full year adjusted diluted earnings per share in the $4.35 to $4.55 per share range. In summary, despite a very challenging global economic and market environment, we expect to continue to deliver solid fundamental results in 2016. We remain confident in our business, our markets and our people as well as our capacities to meet our aggressive growth objectives over the coming years. And now, here's Doug Baker with some comments.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Mike. Good afternoon, everybody. Look, we had a solid quarter. We're on track for a full year delivery within our forecasted range. All of our sectors are handily outperforming their markets and competition, and we continue to gain share in all of these areas. For the year, there are natural puts and takes. We look at our Institutional, Industrial and Other business segments. They have been above expectations at this point, driven by new business, innovation, cost savings, very good execution. This is driving improving top line and improved margin performance. Energy is heading to the lower side of our expectation in spite of share gains and savings initiatives, and this is really driven by an even tougher market than expected. This will pass. We continue to believe, though, that the upturn is really a 2017, not a 2016 story, i.e. the oil and gas market upturn. If we froze FX at today's rates, FX would be less of a negative than planned, would be roughly $0.28 versus $0.38 negative. But given the fluidity of the FX situation, Brazil political environment, you've got the British exit vote, China, etc., we think it's too early and unwise to bake this into our forecast. Importantly, our forecast also continues to include significant investments in systems, R&D, talent initiatives which are all in total greater than last year, which I would remind you was greater than the prior year, and is, I think, a very strong indication of our confidence in the future which is high and we believe for good reason. So, as we look at the future, we know that the temporary double headwinds of energy and FX will abate. We don't know exactly when, but they will pass. Even with them, we've been doing well and outperforming markets. We do know though that our plan and our position, we think, are spot on for the future. So, clean water, safe food, abundant energy and healthy environment is even more relevant going forward than it has been in the past 5 or 10 years. We have a stronger competitive advantage position now, we believe, given our recent new innovations and our focus on driving excellent outcomes at low cost because of reduction in footprints on CO2 and water. We also have very strong execution momentum. Our teams are on it. They're doing a great job. They're driving new business. We had another very strong new business quarter in the first quarter, and we have promising new business bets in businesses like life sciences and geographies like MEA, and there are plenty more. And finally, we got a culture in the team that knows how to deliver. For all these reasons, we feel very good about where we are, how we're going to get through the year, the position that we're going to be in to drive continued growth beyond. So, that's my opening. And with that, I'll turn it over to Mike, who will move on into Q&A.
Michael J. Monahan - Senior Vice President External Relations: Thanks, Doug. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, would you please begin the question-and-answer period?
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Gary Bisbee with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: I guess, the first question. Oil has rebounded a lot off the lows. It doesn't sound like, from you or others, that that's going to be enough to really impact the trend in the Energy business. But how should we think about raw materials? It seems like that's probably somewhat more of a headwind by the second half of the year, assuming prices hold. And is it fair to say that the Energy business isn't seeing any real benefit yet from the move off the bottom? Thanks.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think the recent move in oil price, I think, look, the best predictions I read forecasted that oil would move up in anticipation of increased demand for the summer. It was likely going to weaken over the summer because really what needs to drive the fundamental price of oil is a rebalancing of supply and demand. And nobody really believed that was going to happen until towards the end of this year. And until that happens, you're not going to really, we believe, have sustained improvement in oil price or increase  maybe we shouldn't call it improvement  increase in oil price. In terms of raw materials, I guess our forecast has always had two views; one, that raws likely move before we see the impacts of higher oil prices in our energy services business. That's in our forecast. So, in the back half, we have some uptick in raws included, not monstrous because we still have favorability in the first half, but that abates and goes away as we think the energy market starts correcting and healing. So that's our view right now. I don't think you're going to see material increase in activity, which is what's really needed to drive our energy services volume until at the earliest very late this year, but most likely we aren't going to see the impact until 2017.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Great. And then the follow-up. You cited that energy is maybe a little bit weaker, but have you seen anything else change much in the last quarter? And I guess, I'm just thinking through the thought process of not flowing through the FX. I understand there's a lot of uncertainty, but a lot of data has pointed to weaker global growth. Are you seeing that impacting the businesses or are you staying conservative at this point? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think if you look in our total business mix, we called out mining is under a lot of pressure, which isn't a real surprise given everything else you read. And this is really the water technologies that we sell into the world's mining operations. I mean, that business is down double digits. So, you'll see spotty things. China, particularly on the heavy industrial side, is soft. So, our business reflects what you're going to read day-to-day about the global economy. But overall, the model, as it has always proven, is fairly resilient. And so, we have puts and takes. We also have pretty strong business performance from Institutional in North America, in particular. There are oil dividends, which we've talked about, which are certainly lower raw materials which you see flowing through our II&O segments, which is one of the reasons gross profit is up. The other reason, obviously, is innovation. So, I mean I don't think the other surprises are really outliers nor will they dictate, I think, the year. And even the energy market softness, I would say it's worse than we anticipated. I would still think Energy is likely going to come in with the range we talked about. It's just going to be at the bottom end of it.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Nate Brochmann with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yeah. Good. Hello, everyone. So, Doug, just kind of following up on that with the energy question, like, do you feel that, like at this point, while we might have the lingering behavioral impacts and obviously still some pricing pressure as you help out your customers, but do you feel like at this point that you kind of, that we're in the later innings of getting your arms around kind of that we're getting close to a true bottom in that?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I mean, we're certainly in the later innings. I'm not unwise enough to pretend to know if the bottom is 30 days ago or 90 days in front of us or 6 months in front of us. But certainly, we're in the later innings. And I think the data I pay most attention to is where are we on the supply/demand curve. There's virtually no inventory storage capabilities globally for oil, so this thing reacts wildly to very small changes in supply and demand. And that is still projected to start coming in very near balance at the end of the year, and I believe ultimately that's going to be the data that dictates when this thing completely turns. So we're, what are we, 18 months into this? And we're saying probably have six to nine months to go, so certainly we're in the later innings.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And then, with the other businesses, too, like particularly on the Institutional side, on a relative basis, I definitely get the relative strength compared to the industry trends. But with the end markets still kind of being a little bit sluggish, I was wondering what it's going to take to get that Institutional business more in that sustained 6%-plus growth range that I know that we're hopeful for. Like, do we need the end markets to do that? Or are there certain initiatives in place that do that by themselves even in the sluggish end market environment? Thanks.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I would say in Institutional Nate, I mean, the Institutional business itself or even the sector, Institutional business was north of 6% last year. It was 5% in this quarter, but expected to be 6%-plus for the year. And that was really a quarter phenomenon. That business is operating in the 6% to 8% band that we've talked about, and I think the team has done a good job and the team will tell you and I'll tell you they still have a lot of opportunity to get after growth opportunities and margin opportunities, particularly outside of North America, which they're focusing on. So that business is running as well as it's run in terms of its financial performance for many, many years.
Operator: Our next question is from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: Good afternoon. Two quick ones. Can you flesh out a little bit the comments about Latin America? And secondly, can you give us an update on how you're thinking about the M&A pipeline, particularly any chances to increase your footprint in the emerging markets?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'll do it. The expanded footprint in emerging markets, we've operated now obviously for a while, and we talked about 160 before the merger, and we're 170-plus post merger. However, we didn't have equal capabilities in all these markets. And in particular, we made a break-out investment move in MEA about 18 months ago. And this cost us margin obviously last year and even a little bit early this year, but it has driven improved results. Previously, we really ran MEA as part of Europe. Our history, whenever we make these break-out organizational moves, we did it with food, retail, breaking it out from KAY QSR. We did it many years ago with healthcare outside of what was then called EPP, which is our janitorial business. There are plenty other examples here. Both participants benefit, improved focus, and I think you're seeing that MEA has accelerated since we've broken it out, We have increased focus. We have a handle on our supply chain challenges and opportunities. And I would also point out Europe has done better since we've taken MEA out as well. Just simply it drives increased focus on the region that's left. So, that would be a good example of how we are investing in what we think are critical markets long term. Latin America, we grew by basically 10%, or 9% I guess in the quarter. We continue to do well in a region that's obviously under a lot of pressure, Brazil being the most notable headline owner right now. And I would say it's two things. I think we've always tried to focus on what matters most in these areas. Our food and beverage business, which is important throughout all those economies, is up 19%. Even our paper business, through some big wins, is having a very strong quarter. Water is up double digit down in that market as well, and we believe those businesses in particular are going to be very strong players in Latin America for a long time to come, and that's what our focus has been and is paying off.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Sure. Within the Energy segment, did you see any change in client behavior around pricing? And just to check, would you still expect pricing in the production side of that segment to still see a modest decline in 2016?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Well, I just  we didn't see a change in customer behavior towards pricing, which would be accepting price increases. So, no, they are under pressure and this is not unusual, and they are certainly putting pressure on us. You got competitive pressure as well. Pricing still remains, in total, in the low-single digits and we expected to be there for the year, but it's real pressure and a challenge. And what I would say is that's an average. So, you've got some much more material givebacks in certain situations in other areas where we've been able to hold price either because we have very, very unique technology and a high need, or it's a customer not under the same pressure given their geographic position. So, I would expect you'll continue to see that. I think the other things that we're seeing in that market, I don't know if they're surprising, customers are turning off programs and services. We've expected some. We're seeing a little more than we expected, but that's always a temporary issue. And so, people will take some risks, particularly in North America, where the huge market pressure is really coming to bear. And the business outside of North America continues to perform at a much higher rate, simply because the market really reacts here and everywhere else. People are typically pumping oil to meet builds, not necessarily to meet capital demands and trying to make money. So, we'd expect to continue to see that. We're remaining physically disciplined. Some of the pain is self-induced. Last year, we had only $4 million in bad debt write-offs. In the Energy business, we expect it to be greater this year, but still in the single-digit millions, which is pretty low given the size of that business. And a lot of it is because the Energy team has been very, very acutely aware of the risks there. We're putting customers on cash-on-demand quite early. We're staying out of some bankruptcy situations, customers where we don't believe there's a future either before or after bankruptcy, we are walking from if they won't go to cash on delivery, etc. So, those are the type of steps that we're taking, and they accentuate some short-term pain. But ultimately, even within the year, we think they're going to be fiscally responsible moves because we're just going to avoid some big write-offs and other challenges.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Sure. Thank you for the  for all that color. Just a quick add-on to that. Since you spoke about the trends outside the U.S. being positive, what was the net new business contribution or the share gain contribution that you saw in Energy in the first quarter? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, net, $55 million, roughly.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from John Quealy with Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed with your question.
John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hi. Good afternoon. First question. In Energy, can we hold EBIT margins here in the back half of the year? Or can you, big picture, just quantify that for us? Are we  or is this a good rate for the foreseeable future?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Look, I mean, the first quarter seasonally is always the low margin. I mean, for the year, the margin is going to be greater than what Energy showed in the first quarter.
John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. And the bigger picture issues, we're in a better oil environment, so we don't really need to revise longer-term assumptions downward, I guess, is my broader question there.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, I  look, I mean, we're going through a world-class correction in the oil market. And if you compare it to the last four corrections, which typically were more of a 12 months to 18 months and this is certainly going to be  exceed 24 months in our forecast, this is a more severe correction. But, no, coming out of this, we  look, the demand for oil has not really been the question. What's happened is we've been in an oversupply situation, which has crushed price and now will crush activity which will lead to under supply. And I mean, that's what we believe is going to happen. And you're going to see prices move up, activity increase and the demand for our services increase as well. Right now, everybody is focusing on the easiest oil they can find. And to meet future demand, they're going to have to start reverting and getting back after the harder oil, which is what ultimately drives higher demand in our portfolio. We believe that story is intact.
John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. And very quickly as a follow-up under the healthcare business just holding its own. Is this going to be a type of year where we're just looking for, sort of, sideways healthcare? Or are we going to hit an inflection point at some point on the acquired divestiture adjusted change? Thank you, guys.
Michael J. Monahan - Senior Vice President External Relations: Yeah. Healthcare, I think, is going to strengthen throughout the year. They had a very, very good new business quarter in the first quarter, second best that they have and measured. So, we feel good about what's going on. They are now  the recall that really started last year in the third quarter, is fully behind them. And while that wasn't a huge top line hit, it was a huge hit in terms of focus and energy of the group. And now, that's fully done, fully resolved and moving forward. I expect good things out of healthcare this year. They'll continue to improve. It's not going to be a dramatic inflection in one quarter, but I think you'll see sequential improvement.
Operator: Our next question is from Manav Patnaik with Barclays Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah, hi. Thank you. Good afternoon, gentlemen. Just to, I guess, make sure we're all on the same page on the Energy side, can you just remind us of the mix in your Energy business again between downstream, production and so forth at the beginning of the year? And then, what's baked into each of those categories in terms of assumptions to get you to your lower end of upper-single digit decline for this year?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Well, the WellChem is about 10%, heading to 8%. The production, or OFC business, is about 60% and downstream is 30%. And downstream is growing. WellChem is going to be under pressure again this year. It's likely going to bake towards the second half because it's starting to run into where they were down 50% in the third and fourth quarter. As you go forward, the OFC business will be under some pressure, but the drama isn't anywhere near what you see in WellChem.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And I guess...
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Last year, we were down 8% in total. And we said this year that we would expect to be not to have as much top line pressure, but it may get to 8%. What I've indicated is we're at the lower end of our expectations, so high-single digit sales declines this year like last year, maybe a little less, but in line with that.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And I guess, if you were to try and characterize the main differential between when you gave the guidance in late February versus today, like, I guess, which one area gets moved to get you to that lower end and maybe more?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I would say WellChem is going to be a little worse than we thought and OFC is going to be a little worse than we thought. Downstream is going to be in line with what we thought.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And I was hoping you could elaborate a little bit, I think you mentioned in your comments, the new business bets like life sciences. I was wondering if you were  if you could elaborate a little bit more on that and maybe if there's any other new businesses like this that you're referring to.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'll elaborate on life sciences. Life sciences is a business that we competed in for a long time, but we did it as part of the work in our F&B business and some of the function was driven out of our healthcare business. We've taken those two pieces of business and created a focused division on the life sciences market, i.e. pharma, cosmetics, etc. The changes in that business and their needs match very much what we can do. So, it's a market that's dominated by large multinationals. They're getting to shorter runs, need to run at higher efficiencies, cleaning in place technologies is important in that market and the core competencies that we have. So, a lot of the things that we do there match well. I would say, when this business is run as a small piece of two other businesses, it performed well, we believe, with focused, enhanced capabilities, R&D, etc., that we are going to be able to up the performance of this business handily, just as we've done in other markets like food, retail, etc. in the past.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Thank you very much. Hey, Doug, you had a very strong free cash flow quarter in the beginning of the year. Was there anything unusual or any pull forwards over there?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: One, I mean, the first quarter historically is our low first  lowest cash flow quarter. Last year was more the anomaly, and we talked about it. That working capital  some anomalies in working capital last year really hid the underlying performance, and we said that you would expect to see improvements starting second, third and fourth quarter in 2015 and you did. And so, this year, we're going against a last year what I would call unusual negative cash flow performance. This year is a little stronger than maybe normal, but it's really driven by excellent working capital. We put real focus on it after last year's frankly unacceptable first quarter. And I think you're just seeing that discipline and focus carry through. Part of it is a conversation I had around energy where I think that team in a very difficult environment has done a heck of a job on receivables, in particular, which we needed to because otherwise you're going to walk right into a problem. So, that's really what's going on. So, strong underlying earnings. The business is performing well. It gets masked principally by FX. And Energy is going to go through ups and downs. I'm not going to walk away from the downs. But last year, get out of FX, we're up 12%. And I think if you look at our cash flow, you'll see the underlying strength and that's more indicative of what the business is doing even with Energy.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. And just as a follow-up, can you give us an update on Swisher? I know it's not huge, but is the revenue coming in kind of the way that you expected you're expecting some kind of erosion? And how long do you think it will take to get the margins more in line with the historical Ecolab margins?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think the Swisher acquisition is going as expected. And remember, our expectations are quite high in terms of ultimate return. We did expect to see sales erosion. We are seeing it. It's in line with expectations. Importantly, the most critical and strategic part of their business, we're doing a great job securing. It's not all done. We're continuing to work on that. In terms of getting after cost structure, the team has made a lot of progress. And if anything, I think we will end up ahead of plan as we move forward. It hasn't shown up yet really in the P&L. That would be probably more in the second half. But in the whole scheme of things, it's not monstrously materially material, but it'll show up in the Institutional results but really not until the second half. Right now, it's a drag, but it'll turn into a positive, but not until the second half, probably.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. Hey, Doug, back to Energy, just the cadence of earnings of Q2 through Q4, I know you discussed margins, but what's the actual operating profit cadence do you expect for the rest of the year?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I need dollars, guys. Just give us a second, David. Sorry. I wanted to get  we had a bunch of percentages. It's probably a little easier to give you absolute direction. So, we would expect second quarter profit is going to be greater than first quarter. Still under pressure, but not nearly as much pressure as we were in terms of percentage in the first quarter. Almost half as much pressure on the percent. We are going to start seeing, we think, profits flatten out in the second half. And the question as they flatten in the third, it's probably more a fourth quarter scenario that we'll start seeing year-on-year flattening on profits as you start running against the base and you start having some sales stabilization and volume stabilization in the new business that we continue to put on start showing up. So, that's the expectation. So, I would say pressure in the first three quarters for sure. It's just going to be pressure that continues to become less severe as the year goes on, part because of base, part because we'll start seeing some new business, but mostly base.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. And just on the overall gross margin, nice expansion in Q1. You expect expansion in Q2. Would you expect expansion in the back half of the year as well, or would that be more flattish given the direction of raw materials?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We would expect probably not the same level as gross profit expansion in the back half as the first, but we will continue to see improvement throughout the year.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Andy Wittmann with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks for taking this. I guess, maybe a little bit of color, Doug, on what's driving the sequential improvement and, I guess, implicit margin performance? I mean, they were down pretty significantly in this quarter. Is that just easier comps or recovering pricing, raw materials? Just to understand some of the drivers, I think, would be helpful.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: First of all, the story is not that different, but the margin commentary I just had on gross profit was whole company, so.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah, I'm talking Energy.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, okay. So if you want to get into that, that's what I thought. So Energy, you got seasonal volume where first quarter is our lowest volume on in whatever environment you want to go in the Energy business. And so in a flat environment, without any share gain, you're going to see a step-up in second and then a minor step-up again in the third and fourth quarter just from seasonality. You have a market which isn't been stable, but we think stabilizes later in the year, not improves, as you go through. And so, we think that seasonality comes through. And then the other issue is share and we continue to gain share. And our net ahead, as we go through this, and while it's a tough environment, we continue to see the few things that are happening in the world are coming our way and we are getting some of the existing fields to move our way. And so, it's a combination of those two things that we think leads to a minor improvement when you start looking at year-on-year. And you got to remember, last year, the second half, we really had a lot of the market decline in the second half, not all of it, but a lot of it, a lot more than the first half.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah. Okay. That makes sense. And then, just in terms of the other businesses, it looks like healthcare, maybe Energy and let's add paper, these things all have either sequential improvement or looking for growth in the back half of the year. Are there any markets where you are seeing any other signs of weakness creeping in that we need to be watching out for that maybe don't have better growth prospects as we move into the year?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think the markets besides Energy where we're under the most pressure would be mining and heavy industry, steel, etc., around the world. I would say mining is probably getting down towards the bottom, right. It was fairly negative in the fourth and much more negative in the first. We're forecasting kind of flattening and then improvement in mining as we go forward, as we start running into the base, but it's not that big of a business. And the heavy industry stuff will start running into the base as well, so I don't think there  this is like the puts and takes we have all the time. So I don't know that it demands increased scrutiny from you. Trust me, it's getting plenty from us.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research. Please proceed with your question.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Good afternoon. A lot of them have been answered already, but I just want to follow up on the specialty or the KAY part of the Institutional business. We've seen growth there sort of slow down to mid-single digit levels. This business used to perform at high-single digit, low-double digit growth. Is it just it's kind of getting to the scale where it's more difficult to grow at the rates you used to grow, or is it market is still a little bit weaker? Can you talk a little bit about just what the expectation out of the business should be going forward?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think that business is going to continue to perform. Look, it will have its double-digit quarters. But mostly, it's going to be growing in the high-single digits. And what really drives it, as I've always described that business, sort of feeds a village via elephants. And so, it's a market that's dominated by large players. And when you sell one, you have a big, fairly significant ramp-up. You annualize against it and you continue to see ramp-up. So, it's a little different cadence than many of our other businesses. But that business is I think in great shape and doing the right things. The opportunities in that business are fairly significant because there is real pain in the industry, particularly in North America as a consequence of wage pressure and ACA requirements. And so increasingly customers are going to look to take labor out. Whatever the economists want to say, they're going to take labor out, and that's a great opportunity for our QSR business, in particular.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Sounds good. Then, if you look at, you mentioned along with new business wins, some cost efficiencies have helped you with profitability. Is this part of a specific restructuring program that you have? Is it an ongoing sort of control of discretionary expenses in a difficult time? Can you talk about these cost efficiencies and how much of a runway, I guess, you have left?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Well, as I've described, I think we have a lot of runway left on continuing to improve our efficiency as an organization. As I've tried to state before, the word synergy has a half-life. And after a point in time, you don't get to talk about cost savings and synergies any more. But there's no way you put together two companies the size we did in 150 countries and have all your synergies worked out in 36 months without taking monster risk. And we don't like to take stupid risks. And so, there is a lot still to be mined from the combination of Nalco and Champion as we go forward as there always is in a company, even without that just getting better, new technology drives new opportunities. So yeah, we're quite confident. I mean, if you look at our track record before we did the Nalco merger, we had routine margin expansion for a number of years and we would expect you're going to see regular margin expansion going forward, even if we call it cost savings instead of synergy.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Got it. Okay. Thanks, Doug. That's helpful.
Operator: Our next question is from John Roberts with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. If I wanted to look at the sequential earnings change in Global Energy, do you have the restated fourth quarter earnings that would compare? So, I'm looking at your current earnings, the first quarter 2015, the $104.2 million, that's about $25 million lower than what you originally reported a year ago. So, with the rebasing and the Venezuelan deconsolidation, what's the fourth quarter that we would use for a sequential comparison?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: What is it, $125 million? We would say $125 million on both. And so, if you look at Q4 and Q1, I mean, we do this as a matter of routine to look both year-on-year and sequentially. The biggest driver in terms of this is volume. Some of that's seasonal and some of it is market, but that would account for the vast majority. Simply, you don't have the same coverage in your plants and everything else, which is why first quarter broadly is always a low-margin quarter for us and it's a low-margin quarter for Energy as well. And then, it was exacerbated by further market declines as you go in. I would also point out fourth quarter, as we've said, during the fourth quarter had a number of one-time positive events in it. All of them legitimate, but that would probably be accounted for almost $14 million of the $125 million that just weren't going to recur, which we called out in that fourth quarter. And it was simply we sold some inventory that was out there at one time, which were smart moves economically for the company, were legitimate deals. But you don't get to sell that inventory over and over again, so it took risk off the table and triggered a sale and some gross profit realization as a consequence of that. So, those things are also part of the story. And then, we also had a one-timer negative in the first quarter in Angola that was fairly substantial that needs to be accounted for. When you take those things, the whole thing makes sense. But the fourth quarter was a little bit overstated, and the first quarter is probably  is really reflective of low seasonality. And we will see improved margin in Energy going forward simply because volume will be greater in the out-quarters than it was in this quarter, and you'll have better overhead coverage.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: And then, the other segment which has the 16% sales margins this quarter; you're getting almost up to the Institutional area now in terms of margins. And we don't have a lot of good history of that segment, given it usually was good margins on pest, offset by investment in GCS. But as GCS ramps its margins now, how high does that other segment get do you think?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, look, GCS makes money now so we actually have a margin on the positive there and they've done a good job driving that. I think pest has always been a good profit business. Our pest business as you've seen has reaccelerated. If you recall, a couple years ago, we said we'd put it in a shop and are reinvesting in pest in a number of areas, which we've done. And to the team's credit, they've taken that reinvestment and delivered on the top line performance that they committed to. So, that grew nearly double digits in the first quarter, which is what we had historically expected out of pest, but then didn't see for quite a while. GCS, I mean, out of that thing, I think you can see regularly high teens may be approaching. Our goal as a corporation is 20%, so I'm not going to really be happy until everybody is there.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Harrison with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Hi. Good afternoon.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Mike.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Can you hear me okay?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: I was wondering, Doug, if you could talk about the new Synergex sanitizer product for clean-in-place applications. That's kind of your workhorse in the F&B market. Can you talk about some of the risks and the opportunities as you're introducing the next-generation product in that market?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Look, I guess, there's always risk if you introduce anything, but there's greater risk if you introduce nothing. So, this is one of our core platforms. It's the heart of CIP. And so, while we'll talk about what sales are for specific product, it sort of understates its overall importance. And so, this is the next platform of antimicrobial as we move forward. And we need to continue to bring broad-based kill, the absence of bioaccumulation, all the things that we think are very important to have going forward. And this is the state-of-the-art antimicrobial, we believe, in that marketplace and is very important to us, continuing to drive our advantage in that market. So, we've got the best antimicrobial suite. It just got better with this introduction.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Right. And then, I was curious, also, you mentioned that you were going to be  or you were splitting the Europe business from the MEA business. Was wondering if you could comment on the margin profile of those two businesses as separated and how they have trended over the past few years, particularly with all the work that you've done in the Europe region.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We've reported regularly that we continue to improve Europe. And what we've given you historically is kind of apples and apples to our Renaissance program. Europe is now high-single digit margin business in total, and MEA is virtually double that. So, MEA is a strong region in terms of OI margin. If anything, we've reduced it in the near term as we up investments in G&A. We've split this out two years ago. We've added a number of key division leadership position, added corporate account positions, added supply chain positions so we have better ability to get product to customers in that region, done a number of things which have put us in a better stead to drive growth which is a real focus in that place. And we'll drive margin after we get growth really cooking. But really, right now, it's growth first.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Hamzah Mazari with Sterne, Agee. Please proceed with your question.
Hamzah Mazari - CRT Capital Group LLC: Good afternoon. Just a question on M&A and balance sheet. Maybe, given the current leverage, a little over two times, how are you thinking about appetite to do a larger deal? And would it be fair to say that you're looking outside Energy versus continuing to build Energy? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think in terms of our capability to do an outside deal we don't think is governed by our balance sheet at this point in time. So, we said our goal is to get down to roughly a 2 times EBITDA margin, and that's where we are. We think that's the right balance between financial efficiency and also strategic capability, i.e., capitalize or jump quickly if you needed to. In terms of what we're looking at, I think our focus has been water because we believe it's a great opportunity. We continue to look there. You've seen recent Institutional and F&B deals. If they continue to have promising bolt-ons, we'll continue to do that. And then, I think healthcare broadly is an area that we're still very interested in. We think that's a great market for us, and we aim to win in that market. And I would say, typically, what we've set our minds to, we do. It sometimes takes us longer than we would like. You certainly saw that in GCS, but we get there. And we ended up persevering, and we are going to have a great healthcare business. So, those are areas we're looking at. In terms of Energy, we've said we don't want to be dramatically bigger than we are in Energy. We've said that for a while. But with that, where there are promising properties or new technologies that we think we can develop into promising annuity streams, we'll do it. We just announced one late last year, a Canadian technology that we bought for that very reason because the Energy team, I think, has a very good vision of how to drive that technology into an annuity stream that helps customers and helps us. So, that's how we look at it. Right now, the market, there are deals going down for prices that honestly we wouldn't pay. And we're going to remain disciplined. We did before. We did the Nalco deal after the froth was over, and let me try to be smart stewards of shareholder money as we go forward.
Hamzah Mazari - CRT Capital Group LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. So, you just answered my M&A question. So, moving to pest and equipment, is the 9% top line growth something that you are looking at going forward and will eventually  and if you could give us a feel for the timing, will we see that kind of a growth rate on healthcare?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Well, I would say we expect  I would say it's probably better to count on upper-single digits in our Other segment. We do think that's quite real, quite sustainable. They'll pop into double-digit land on some occasional quarters, and they'll be a little lower on some quarters just because of what happens at times. But, yeah, we think the pest and even the Equipment Care business have a long road at high-single digit type growth and may be typically popping even over our 6% to 8% kind of target. Healthcare, ultimately, I think is the same type of business. I think it  our aim is to get that business, probably combine with life sciences to be upper-single digit business on an organic basis. Obviously, we may have additional M&A activity in that business and that would push it above that for periods of time.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Do you need the M&A, Doug, in order to get to that 6% to 8% growth target? Or can you do it on your own, the way the business is right now?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I don't  no, we don't believe we're missing something fundamental preventing us from doing it. And I think when you look at a lot of the underneath economics, that business is getting better and I think that team is on it and starting to get traction on the areas they need to get on and after, kind of the place where we have a unique difference, can own and protect and build, and that business is growing very handily and becoming a larger piece of that portfolio, which is what has to happen for you to see the big numbers out of that business. So, no, we don't need anything, but that doesn't mean if there's an attractive property or technology, we would be open to it just as we are in the other businesses.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Evans with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher Evans - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah. Thanks for taking my question. Doug, a quick question on Energy. Does the shift to these easier oil plays that you cited earlier, does that challenge your return to your prior Energy earnings levels?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, the shift is somewhat temporary and mostly notable in saving the shale play and everything else. And if anything, it's a gain that runs out. So, in this very tough economic environment, what folks have done is basically gone to focus on the wells that are easiest to extract and cheapest to extract. That's how they're keeping cash flow going to pay their bills and hopefully survive until the price recovers. And when price recovers and demand needs to be met because you've got a lot of capital that's been pulled out of that business, they're going to have to go back to the other wells. And so, the shift is inevitable. You can't meet the demand for oil next year with just easy oil. So, I mean, this will happen. And so, then you will see the natural cadence occur in this business again.
Christopher Evans - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Appreciate the answer. And then, staying with Energy just for another one. Could you just bridge me the 15% sales decline to the 42% EBIT in terms of maybe volume price?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean, I don't have, like, the bridge in front of me. It's, look, in that and almost any business, when you have significant deleveraging in a business, you have almost this immediate significant impact on OI because there's no time to take out overhead. And I wouldn't anyway because a lot of this is just seasonally. So, you get under-absorption in the plants that just immediately, instead of going into inventory, hits your OI line. I mean, this is just basic P&L stuff, but 15% is a significant volume hit. We've been under pressure there. We did not build inventory. We're trying to be disciplined on inventory and the other stuff, so we took it on the chin. Last year, if you recall, we were building inventory year-on-year in Energy because it took us a while to turn off the spigot in reaction to the market. So, you've got even probably more outsized year-on-year impact from absorption than you would under normal times.
Christopher Evans - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got you. So this was just the volumes. No impact from any pricing decline.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, but in line with what I talked and not materially different from the other quarters.
Christopher Evans - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Christopher Parkinson with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Perfect. Thank you. Can you just comment on your recent new business launches within the water segment in terms of recent growth contribution? And also, any color on the cadence of the potential ramps for the new platforms which you mentioned for the second half of the year?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'm sorry. Can you repeat the second half of the question?
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Just any color on the cadence of the potential ramps of the new platforms, which you've mentioned in your release for the second half of the year?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. So in the water business, I mean, we have continued expansion drive of our 3D TRASAR units, which continues to go well and move. We've also launched Solids, we've talked about, for the light side of the business. Let me just turn on to my page where we've got  so our expected revenue on new launches for water are going to be around $25 million to $30 million this year. They will build throughout the year. Typically, the way I would think about a launch, when we launch a program it typically takes five years for us to reach peak annual sales, so it's not this monster ramp-up. The technology also has legs, and we will often be selling technology for at least 10 years before we replace a platform or do other things. And this certainly is obviously longer-lived technology than Apple probably talks about. So, in terms of expected sales from our cooling water product line around 3D TRASAR, we'll end up at $30 million ultimately this year, but our five-year expected sales out in 2020, 2021 would be around $100 million.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Perfect. That's helpful. And just very quickly, on the food and beverage side, you've mentioned penetrating your existing customers fairly well across your portfolio. One of the things you just actually just discussed, but you've also had some new business wins despite a tough environment. Can you just really quickly parse out what you believe are the Ecolab-specific trends here versus what you're seeing in the actual end market and how you're comping versus that? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Well I mean, I believe our F&B business was up 4% in first quarter. And certainly, I don't think the food market, this is the heavily processed food, dairy market in particular is our focus in these markets. It includes protein and other areas, but those businesses are under pressure. And so, there's no doubt in my mind we're outperforming the market and the pressure comes in twofold. One, there are the consumer demand pressure as people move to different parts of the store to procure food. And second, there's been quite a bit of M&A activity in that market, which means ultimately they consolidate and take out manufacturing facilities, which reduces temporarily total opportunity for us. Long term though, the drivers in F&B I think are in excellent shape. It's called population and food safety. And the population will grow around the world. The middle class will grow. Expectation for food quality will continue to increase, particularly in emerging markets. And food safety is only going to get more challenging. That's why there's a lot of conversation in the U.S. about local farming. Local farming is not going to feed 9 billion people, and it's also not by any means the most sustainable way to farm. What you're going to want to do is farm where stuff naturally grows. So, you're not going to see bananas growing in Manhattan anytime soon. It doesn't make any sense. It would be local, but it wouldn't be very sustainable. And so ultimately, I think you're going to still see long-distance shipping of food to, in particular, feed the Asian population growth. And long distance equals time, and time is the enemy of food safety. And so if anything, we think the demands for food safety technology are going to grow faster than the food demand, which is ultimately going to be driven by the two components I talked about, population growth and middle-class expectation growth. So, I like our food and beverage business, new technology, team's on it. We're outperforming the market. I think that business gets better. And the water technology coupling we have is spot on for that business, and it's a huge way to leverage our installed base in F&B.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks. Doug, just to get a better feel for the Industrial segment, I'm curious, a nice couple hundred basis points fixed currency margin expansion year-over-year. You said volume gains, pricing, cost savings and lower product costs. I was just wondering, are those in order of magnitude, and how it spreads across the sub segments of the business? And then, lastly, what we should look for as we move through the year as what the bigger drivers are in the Industrial segment? Thanks so much.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. It's like an ingredient list. It's in order of magnitude. And so, what we've said is the one area, raw material benefits are expected to decline as the year moves on and possibly even move into slightly negative territory by year-end. But the balance of it, volume, pricing, cost savings are going to be tools that will remain in our quiver that we will use.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks. And just across the sub segments, which may be the biggest drivers in Industrial?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You mean, which areas of those are going to be utilized? I don't  say it again?
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Just of the subcategories in your Industrial segment, which do you feel will drive the business overall through the balance of the year? Which of those.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think F&B and core water. I mean, core water is up 6%. It was mining that was down, and that business continues to strengthen. That's even with the pressure in steel and other areas. And so, China's tough, but there's always something going on in the world. But water we think continues to strengthen. They've got good innovation. They're on the new business. F&B is in solid shape. I mean, those are the large businesses in Industrial. Textile improved, had a pretty strong first quarter and we would expect to have a strong year as we go forward. So, it's pretty good I think across the segment. We're in pretty good shape.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Dan Dolev with Nomura Asset Management. Please proceed with your question.
Dan Dolev - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just want to make clear that I understand. So, in late February, you spelled out 9% to 13% constant currency EPS growth. What is the constant currency EPS growth as of today for the year? What is the expectation in constant currency terms?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I would say at this point in time, we haven't really, as I said, reflected a change in currency and we haven't changed our range. So it wouldn't have changed.
Dan Dolev - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Got it. So, the math that I went through to get you to 6% to 10%, you're saying that's not the right math at this point?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, here's the thing. I guess, what we've said is if we snapped a line right now and froze all rates at the rate you see today and that was the end rate for the year, you're going to have $0.10 less currency headwind than we forecast in late February. But given all the stuff going on in the world, we don't think booking that at this point in time is wise. There's a lot of things that can change, including currency as the year goes on and there's just too much time remaining in the year in a very dynamic environment to go snap the line on one of multiple variables. So, what we've basically said is we have not changed our expected currency outcome for the year even though we recognize and admit that today's rates would indicate it's $0.10 better. So, yeah, if you want to go do that math, but there's a lot of things going in here. We haven't increased our range either at this point in time. And I think as the year goes, we'll continue to try to be transparent in what our expectations are and what the underlying assumptions leading to our forecasted range. And from there, right, we're going to just watch multi-variable inputs and see how it all turns out, but I would expect to deliver on our range.
Dan Dolev - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Got it. Just one follow-up and more long-term reflective. The analysis that we did for our initiation work two years ago, we looked at your margin growth for the last few years, including and excluding the synergies, including  excluding all the synergies that you got from Nalco and Champion, which were a lot, you were probably getting 10 basis points to 15 basis points of margin growth per our math. In Q1, you got about 20 basis points. I assume there was some energy impact. Do you still stand behind that 20% margin? And how are you going to get there by 2020?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think when we launched the 20% margin, we did that at an investor conference. It was $20 million in sales, 20% margin  OI margin and 20% return on invested capital. I was very clear at that time that we weren't going to hit all three by 2020 because, if you did the math, it would imply much more than 15% EPS growth. And what we said is we believe all three are achievable, they're achievable within sight of 2020, but they weren't all going to occur by 2020. And that's still true. If you go to just the last two years, if 2016 expected FX hit, not a dime better, you've got 2015 and 2016, we'd lose $1.5 billion in sales in two years just from currency translation and over $250 million in OI. I mean, that's what those rates mean. So, they chew up the bulk of the synergies you might have from one of those deals. With that, we continue to deliver positive EPS growth as we go through it. I will also say we also believe that translation FX, not transaction. Transaction FX, we never talk about. It's almost equal in size, but we think that's a real impact in the business that has to be dealt with because it's the equivalent of inflation basically. So, we don't talk about it. We only talk about translation because translation is sort of goofy. If I was headquartered in Munich last year, I would have been up 26% EPS with everything happening exactly the same except I'm consolidating into euro, not into dollars. Our business isn't any better. Our share is not any better. Our margins aren't any better. Nothing's better except I translate into a more favorable currency. And so, this stuff flips back and forth. So, our margin improvement, yeah, I think is real. At fixed currency, it was more like 60%, not 20%, and we expect to have continued fixed margin growth year in, year out. And one year, it's going to look like 200% because currency is going to go in our favor, and I will tell you it's still only 60% because really you got to look at this the way the margin's really coming, country by country and currency by currency. That's the way we ultimately realize it over any period of time that matters to a corporation, right. So, that's how we look at it.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. At this point, I'd like to turn the call back over to Michael Monahan for closing comments.
Michael J. Monahan - Senior Vice President External Relations: Well, that wraps up our first quarter conference call. This conference call, the associated discussion and slides will be available for replay on our website. Thanks for your time and participation today and best wishes for the rest of the day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-23 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael J. Monahan - Senior Vice President External Relations Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Daniel J. Schmechel - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company, L.L.C David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co. Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Ecolab Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Michael Monahan, Senior Vice President of External Relations for Ecolab. Please go ahead sir.
Michael J. Monahan - Senior Vice President External Relations: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's fourth quarter conference call. With me today are Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO; and our CFO, Dan Schmechel. A discussion of our results along with our earnings release and the slides referencing the quarter's results and our outlook are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements on these materials stating that this teleconference, the discussion, and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, under Item 1A, Risk Factors, and in our posted materials. We'd also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with a brief overview of the quarter, continued strong new account gains and new product introductions drove good fixed currency sales growth in our Global Institutional, Industrial and Other segments during the fourth quarter, nearly offsetting a decline in Global Energy sales. Delivered product cost savings, ongoing cost efficiency work and synergies led the strong adjusted operating margin expansion, more than offsetting the impact of softening economies, weaker oil prices and increased currency headwinds. These, along with the lower tax rate and fewer shares outstanding, drove the adjusted earnings per share increase While 2016 will present challenges, we are prepared to respond. Once again, we will focus on the fundamental Ecolab growth strategies that have proven successful through repeated economic cycles. The best products and service for our customers to give them the best results and lowest operating costs. We expect them to succeed again in 2016. Looking to the first quarter, we expect our Global Institutional, Industrial and Other segments to continue to show solid fixed currency growth, outpacing their markets and softer international economies as they leverage investments we have made to further improve sales and service force effectiveness and profitability, and more than offset lower results from our Global Energy business. We look for the first quarter earnings to show very attractive growth before currency, increasing 5% to 14%, as we continue to aggressively drive business growth. Adjusted earnings per share are expected to reflect about 14 percentage points of unfavorable currency impact, yielding adjusted EPS in the $0.73 per share to $0.80 per share range. We look for comparative results to improve as 2016 progresses and show strong results for the full year with 9% to 13% adjusted earnings per share growth before the unfavorable impact of currency and the Venezuela deconsolidation. We expect currency and the Venezuela deconsolidation will penalize 2016 growth by approximately 9 percentage points. Net, we expect Ecolab to once again significantly outperform its markets and show a superior performance in 2016 while also investing in the key drivers for future sustainable above average earnings growth. Moving to some highlights from the fourth quarter, and as discussed in our press release, reported fourth quarter earnings per share were $0.69. On an adjusted basis, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items from both years, fourth quarter 2015 adjusted earnings per share increased 2% to $1.22 despite a $0.13 or 11% currency headwind. The adjusted earnings per share growth was driven by delivered product and other cost savings, cost efficiencies, synergies, new products, and lower tax rate and share count. Our fixed currency acquisition adjusted sales were modestly lower as our Institutional, Industrial and Other segments grew 4%, but were offset by a lower energy sales. Regional sales growth was led by Europe and Latin America excluding Venezuela. Adjusted fixed currency operating margins showed very strong growth, expanding 130 basis points. In 2015's difficult environment, we focused on driving new business gains and lower costs. We used our industry-leading product innovation and service strengths to help customers achieve better results and lower operating costs. And through these, aggressively drove new account gains across all of our segments. Further, raw material cost savings along with our cost efficiency work, helped to offset these headwinds. Importantly, we also continued to make investments in our key growth drivers. These actions delivered a strong fundamental business performance in 2015 with double-digit profit growth before currency. The fourth quarter represented another strong performance on this basis, growing 13% despite the further deterioration in Energy markets. As noted earlier, the business environment has become more challenging in recent months as the dollar strengthened, Energy markets weakened, and global economies softened. Nonetheless, against that challenging backdrop, we look for 2016 earnings before currency and Venezuela deconsolidation effects to continue to show strong growth as we implement the same approach in 2016 as we did in 2015 and aggressively drive market share and new business gains. We expect first quarter adjusted earnings per share from operations to rise 5% to 14% before currency and the Venezuela deconsolidation, with adjusted earnings per share in the $0.73 to $0.80 range, reflecting a currency drag of approximately 14% to earnings per share growth. Results are expected to improve as the year progresses with the second half outperforming the first half. We look for full year adjusted earnings before currency and the Venezuela deconsolidation to increase 9% to 13%. We expect adjusted earnings per share in the $4.35 per share to $4.55 per share range with currency and Venezuela deconsolidation representing an approximate 9% drag to results. In summary, despite a very challenging global economic and market environment, we expect our underlying business to continue to deliver very strong fundamental earnings in 2016. We remain confident in our business, our markets, and our people, as well as our capacities to meet our aggressive growth objectives over the coming years. And now here's Doug Baker with some comments.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Mike. First, I'll just offer some perspective on 2015 and then talk 2016 as well. So 2015, we had very solid business performance. It was clearly shrouded by FX. But if you take it net of translation FX, our EPS was 12% for the year and 13% in Q4. And this includes the full impact of Energy in the year and in the quarter, full impact of transaction FX. It includes system investments of $0.10 for the year, which is $0.03 over last year. It also includes an increase in sales and service head count, i.e., we continue to invest in the business while driving double-digit results in obviously not the perfect environment. Our major business drove this. All of them grew faster than their markets, including Energy. While Energy was hit clearly by the oil and gas market headwinds, it outperformed. So in a market with a 60% decline in U.S. rigs, 50% drop in oil prices, our Energy business declined 8% top line for the year, 14% in OI. If you parse through Energy and look at the core of the business, the production or OFC and downstream collectively, they grew top line 1% and OI 8% for the year. So the core of that business managed very well. The rest of our businesses, I'd say, also outperformed the markets and had a very, very strong year. So Institutional globally grew sales 6%, OI 12%. F&B grew sales 6%, OI 16%. Water grew sales 6%, OI 12%. Specialty services 7% and 16%. If you add in the rest, Paper, Healthcare, et cetera, the total of all those businesses was 5% growth and 12% OI. We drove it the old fashioned way. We continued to take share. We're outgrowing our major competitors in the markets we compete in as our team continued to drive innovation and delivered new business. This is what drove the underlying 12% EPS performance. So as you look at 2016, it's going to be much more of the same. It's going to be continued FX headwinds, see more of the same market conditions. We expect the economies globally to be choppy, but manageable. It's going to be continued tough oil and gas markets, offset, in part, by favorable raw material markets, which is the flip side of that coin. But most importantly, we're going to have continued strong underlying business execution. So we expect to deliver double digit underlying EPS growth again in 2016. The range is 9% to 13%. We expect Energy to continue to be impacted by the tough market conditions, but our natural raw material price hedge will mitigate this negative impact. Energy, we do not believe will be as negative as last year, but given our forecast position of no 2016 energy market turnaround, it will likely decline modestly year-on-year, but at a slower rate than last year. The balance of the business is poised to have another very good year; a bit stronger than 2015 on top-line and continued margin expansion. Net, we feel good about the business. In 2016, as we continue to invest for the long term, we're going to continue to invest in R&D and systems field technology, sales fire power, talent development. We're very, very excited about the future and I think our investment belies (10:40) that. Our positioning and promise of clean water, safe food, abundant energy, healthy environments, we believe remains even more relevant or is more relevant as we go forward. So, the business continues to do well. The underlying results, I believe, demonstrate our resilience as we continue to deliver double digit EPS, when you exclude translation FX, in far from perfect market conditions. So with that, I'll turn it back to Mike and we can open it up for Q&A.
Michael J. Monahan - Senior Vice President External Relations: Thanks, Doug. A final note before we start the Q&A. We plan to hold our annual tour of our booth at the National Restaurant Association Show in Chicago on May 23. If you have any questions, please contact my office. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, would you please begin the question-and-answer period?
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first question is coming from Gary Bisbee from RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question. Perhaps your line is on mute, Mr. Bisbee?
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: I'm sorry. Can you hear me?
Michael J. Monahan - Senior Vice President External Relations: Yeah, we can hear you, Gary.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Sorry about that. Hey, so the first question just on the global macro, how much worse have things gotten? Is your message more that this is just a continuation of the weak-ish growth we had in 2015? Or do you feel like things really have gotten worse in the last quarter or two? Thanks.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Gary, I would say I think the base economy is a little worse. I don't think it's the driver. U.S., we expect U.S. to continue to slog along with positive GDP, but there are some positive impacts in U.S. for us, i.e. in the food service market and some of the others where frankly cheap oil price starts driving consumer behavior in our favor, at least in that part of the business. We think Western Europe's likely to be worse in 2016 than in 2015 as they've just a baseline economy. It was probably our big positive surprise last year. And we would expect it to be modestly off in terms of economic growth, but still growing this year, so we're not predicting recession. China is still more (13:15). Then you look at Latin America, clearly, Brazil is going to be not very healthy. So I'd call it a tick off, but I don't really believe that's what we're trying to forecast as a driver. As long as it doesn't turtle, we should be fine and able to grow. I think next year, I think our base sales are going to be better in 2016 than 2015.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Fair enough. And then the follow-up question, just on margins, I guess the midpoint of the margins within the guidance assumes a deceleration of the expansion. I guess, wondering if you could just talk about the puts and takes there from underlying trend, how the benefit from lower raws is flowing through or you think it will this year, and anything else, in particular, that you've got implied in that guidance. Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, well, I would say, this year, clearly, margin accelerated throughout the year, which is what we predicted. And that was that raw material savings increased as the year went on, which is how they manifest themselves. We also had the other side, which is the Energy business cost savings effects really built throughout the year too, as we had to take out heads and other things. And obviously you have more heads out of your business in Q4 than you did in Q1, if it's an initiative that you undertake at the beginning of the year. In 2016, we would expect margins to continue to expand at a somewhat slower pace than they expanded in 2015. And really that's mainly driven by the fact that raw material delta isn't going to be a significant savings. It will be a savings, but not the same level in 2016 versus 2015 as 2015 was to 2014. But we would expect margins to continue to accelerate and improve.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. In the interest of time, we ask that you please limit yourselves to one question and one follow up. Our next question is coming from Nate Brochmann from William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company, L.L.C: Yeah. Good afternoon, everyone. Hey, Doug, just a little bit on the Energy business. Obviously, you've seen a lot of pressure in WellChem throughout the year, and we continue to see that a little bit. The rest of the business has held up, some way, okay. Could you comment a little bit in terms of, obviously, I'm assuming that you're getting some pricing pressure across the board, but also ex-WellChem, kind of what you're seeing in terms of whether those trends remain stable or there you're seeing a little bit of an increasing pressure here and there? And what could be some of the puts and the takes as we move throughout 2016?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Look, we expect there's going to be continued WellChem pressure throughout the year, but obviously, it's a smaller piece of the portfolio given its decline last year. In terms of the production piece of the business or OFC, there's pricing pressure there. We had very strong production volumes in 2015. I think production will be  it's going to be about even with last year for the year, so we don't think that's really going to be the big negative impact. But there may be some slight negative in our OFC production business, not material and not significant. And then downstream, we would expect to be quite strong this year as it goes forward. I would say, net on balance, Energy, simply because the comparative period becomes much easier, is going to be at worse less of a drag than last year, at better maybe no drag in terms OI.
Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company, L.L.C: Okay. And then just a quick kind of bookkeeping thing, but on the interest expense being up a little bit. Is there any structural changes going on there in terms of some permanent things or is that kind of a temporary kind of one year up mark?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'll let Dan answer this one.
Daniel J. Schmechel - Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Nate. This is Dan. Nothing structural going on. The increase in interest expense is really based on the continuity of how we're thinking about managing the capital structure, first of all. So a slight increase in the total amount of debt. We are also doing a fairly significant chunk of refinancing of term debt, and likewise anticipating, based on the current yield curve, slightly higher short-term interest rates during the year. So, I would say, it's a tiny bit of volume, but mostly it's a rate impact. Okay.
Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company, L.L.C: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Doug, just on the Water in Q4, it looks like that business did decelerate a little bit. Reasons why that happened and what's your expectations for 2016?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, you're right. The headline number on Water looked like it decelerated. If you strip out mining where we really had some significant pressure, Water was up 5% in the quarter year-on-year, so no real deceleration, continued strength. As we look for the year, I would say, we expect Water to accelerate through 2016. The headline number is going to be a little impaired again in the first quarter, mostly because of mining again, but that dissipates as you start annualizing against some of that pressure. And Water, for the year, we'd expect to be a pretty strong number in 2016.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Very good. And just on WellChem, Doug, how large is that business now as a percentage of the overall Energy business? Is it roughly 10% or a little bit more, a little bit less?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, it's about 10% of the Energy revenues.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from David Ridley-Lane from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Sure. Another question on Energy. Just roughly what percentage of your business today is related to U.S. shale production? And if you have a view as to what's embedded in your revenue outlook in terms of U.S. shale related revenue?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. In total, it would be around 15% of the Energy business.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And then the fourth quarter results show pretty significant cost savings in Energy. Are there other levers that you're planning to pull or are you just counting on anniversarying the cost reductions you've already done?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, there's a little more to come but most of the benefit in 2016 versus 2015 will be annualization of what you're seeing in Q4. There's a bit more that's coming, but that's the bulk of it.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from John Quealy from Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed with your question.
John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hi. Good afternoon, folks. So, in both Global Institutional and Global Industrial, specifically industrial food and beverage and institutional, the core institutional business, can you talk about the dynamics for 2016 price versus volume? They've held up still very well all-in in this market. So if you could just talk through some of the variables that play in 2016 for growth there on the top line.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I would say Global Institutional, the division not the sector, we would expect to have a very similar, strong 2016 as 2015, and maybe some dynamics as to where the growth is that are a little different. We would expect margins to continue to increase in 2016. And so, that's a bit of a benefit from raws, but not significant in institutional. Continued innovation driving margin, which has really been the play in institutional for a number of years, and we have a very good innovation pipeline. In terms of F&B globally, I would say, we expect a better year in 2016 than 2015, and they had a good year last year. So there's been a bunch of new business, improved performance in North America, in particular, and continued margin expansion there. That business benefits a little more as a percent from raw material market benefit than institutional just by the mix of raw materials that they buy, but again, they're also doing a good job in innovation.
John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: And then last, on the M&A environment, given the slowdown in the macro, have prices come in at all? Does it make you want to change the total dollar amount that you talked about on the Analyst Day for deployment, et cetera? Thank you very much, folks.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: M&A, look, is kind of an ongoing interest. We don't really get interested and then lose interest. I would say, right now, we've got a very rich pipeline. We ended up closing deals last year that are going to deliver over $300 million in sales. I hope we do better than that this year. The wildcard is valuation. And I would say, the market is fairly richly valued at this point in time. And so, I think we're working to be very smart and choiceful. Ultimately, we want to do deals that we know we can get very good returns on long term. That's the main metric we pay attention to, not accretion, dilution, et cetera, but what is the ultimate return going to be. We've seen this cycle before. It does come and go, and we're going to be very, very careful while we're in a frothy environment.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today's coming from Manav Patnaik from Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is actually Greg (23:04) calling on for Manav. I was just wondering if you could give a bit more color on the inputs into your Energy forecast in terms of what you're thinking about for the oil price trajectory. And then during Investor Day, you kind of talked about a snap-back in 2017. Is that still your base case or are you guys kind of thinking about more of a U-shaped recovery as we look out into 2017?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I would say, for the year, we've been fairly consistent. We do not expect the Energy market, i.e., if you're measuring, say, oil price, to recover in 2016. It doesn't mean that we might not see increased oil prices in May and June as we move into the summer driving season, but we think that could be followed by a bit of a dip. We do believe in 2017 that the supply and demand lines start converging and that we will see a change in oil price over time. We're not predicting a snap, a U, a saucer or anything else. I think it's too early. We're probably not the best people to predict that. But ultimately, we do believe that the oil price will move north of $30. We don't believe that really happens for any extended period of time until 2017 and beyond.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Fair enough. And I think you talked about the cheaper gas prices as a potential tailwind for your consumer businesses. We've seen a couple of reports that that tailwind hasn't played out as much as some people would've thought of. So I'd love to hear what you're seeing in your businesses and if you're actually seeing some marginal benefit there.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Look, you can find all kinds of metrics. I would say, the food service business, traffic hasn't really turned around, but sales in many of the food service establishments have improved, not in all. And I would say we look at both lodging and food service as healthier than they were a few years ago. Lodging has been fairly consistent, but food service in particular. In our U.S. sales, where you see the singles biggest decline in gas price because you don't have currency neutralizing it as you do in other countries, we've seen pretty robust market conditions, better.
Unknown Speaker: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Dmitry Silversteyn from Longbow Research. Please proceed with your question.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Good afternoon, gentlemen. Couple of questions, if I may, first of all, you mentioned Latin America as a source of strength for your Industrial and Institutional businesses. That's a rare thing to hear these days. Can you talk about what you're doing to succeed in that region and how you look at it in 2016, obviously, with Venezuela being the deconsolidated operation now?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. So I'll give you numbers ex-Venezuela. For the year, we were double-digit in Latin America. This is on fixed currency. So that's not a small thing, given the real and everything else. What's driving it is just underlying success in securing new business. I mean there is no other  there's nothing fancy going on. We've got a good team. Businesses are focused. This is more on the Industrial side of the business is where we're having the most success throughout Latin America. And we would expect to have continued success in 2016 in that market as well.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: All right. So it's a question of not so much the economies or your sectors of the economies doing well, it's just getting new business and hopefully getting pricing to offset some of the FX headwind?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Dmitry, I would say, look, the economy can get bad enough where it absolutely impacts us. So, we're not bulletproof and we've never pretended to be. But when I had that earlier question on the economy, if it's growing at, I don't know, 4% or 3% or 3% or 2%, we're not that sensitive where we're going to feel those types of changes. What we really focus on is driving share. And we have enough share upside in virtually every business, every market we compete in that we believe, in most situations, we control our destiny. And our teams are out there trying to go secure new business. And the headlines around Latin America being in the dumps are interesting, but we believe we can continue to be the exception to that rule as long as we keep focused on driving innovation and new business.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Got you. And then the follow-up question with respect to international operations and foreign exchange expectations, you highlighted about a $0.36 headwind for the year. That's about $0.10 above the midpoint of the range you gave a couple of months ago. So I guess the question is which currencies have gotten worse since then or is your outlook on the recovery in exchange rate changed for 2016?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think the difference between the old forecast and the new is Venezuela. And a lot of the Venezuela impact we have in FX, because there is, in fact, a huge devaluation of their currency, which was sort of a reflection of the turmoil they have in their economy. So I think that dealt it, and if you have more questions on that, we'd be happy to address them. In terms of expectations going forward, we've given the best forecast we can. We were way off in terms of our anticipated FX impact in 2015. If you looked at what we thought was going to happen in the first quarter versus what we ended up happening, I think it was $0.18 over plan for the year. We don't pretend to be great at forecasting this. We're trying to give clarity to you so you know what our underlying forecast is and you know what our FX forecast. Obviously, if FX comes in a lot lighter than we've stated, then we are going to have better results. And conversely, if it's a lot worse than we stated, we're going to have worse results in terms of our adjusted EPS with FX. I think the FX we've got is realistic and makes sense given the environment we think we're in.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: So I understand, I thought that the currency did not include the Venezuelan operations, but if they do, then I guess the guidance was about the same because I think the sum of the two impacts was about $0.40 and now you're guiding to $0.38. So that's pretty much in line. Okay. That's all. Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today's coming from Shlomo Rosenbaum from Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. Hey, Doug, I'm just going to kind of continue to kind of beat this Energy horse over here on, if you can just walk through some of the underlying assumptions, particularly if the WellChem should decline, you're assuming production is flat, but are we going to end up or are you anticipating a scenario where the production goes to kind of the cheaper-to-produce type of oil that just requires less chemicals? In other words, I'm trying to get to what the assumptions are if we have kind of flat production revenue and (30:40) modestly lower top line, what's embedded in that? I assume there's a little bit of pricing, but are we in a situation where just the oil that they're going after is just cheaper to get oil right now?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I guess. I may even go a little higher on this for a few minutes. I think the big change year-on-year in terms of when we talk about oil's impact, the energy impact on our business, is the fact that we're going against an entirely different base. So when we're giving an EPS forecast and growth forecast, I mean, obviously, we're comparing it against 2015 not 2014, and that's not insignificant when you look at the Energy business. So, the really only negative comparison that we have ever talk is the first quarter. And that's when the market really started diving and our business started feeling the impact of the market. So, in terms of WellChem, we think WellChem is going to be negative for year, but nowhere near the types of numbers we saw last year. It's going to be mitigated by the fact that it's going against last year. We've gained share in a couple of key segments and we feel a lot of the rig count decline is in the base as we move forward. U.S. is down 62%, so even a 20% decline isn't all that material given that you've already taken 60% of the market. You have OFC is going to be flattish for the year. We have pricing pressure there. We'll continue to have fairly solid volume. We've got some new business coming on. I mean we have secured some new business. Some fields came on during the year that were basically CapEx that was spent prior years and/or platforms that went out to sea, etcetera, that's going to be net new business. In total, we look at that flat to modestly down, but very modest. And in the downstream, we expect to have a stronger year this year on the top line than last year. So net, I think it's a very modest decline in the top line to something resembling this year's decline, which is 8%. I think it's going to be less than that would be the downside case. When you look at OI, there's mitigating. We've got cost savings going this year, started really seeing full effect in Q4. They're going to annualize. The head count moves have been taken. There are not a lot more anticipated or any really anticipated going forward, but we're going to be very judicious about heads that we add as we move forward. So cost savings are going to be a bigger positive. And the raw material markets are going to continue to benefit the Energy business. Now part of that is given back in the form of cost-plus arrangements, but not all of it. And so last year, we had some margin decline. Fourth quarter margin was up. Some of that was one-time benefits but it was probably up, if you neutralize for that, about 90 basis points in the fourth quarter. We don't expect it to be that strong throughout the whole year, but we do have steps in place now that we think mitigate margin decline. And we think volume is going to be not a significant story this year. So that's the Energy story. In net, this natural hedge we have of energy pain offset by raw material gain in the balance of the business is going to be true next year too. Those are almost a net neutral in 2015. We would expect they're going to be close to a net neutral in 2016. And so, then it's back to the Industrial, Institutional, and other businesses, which we think are going to have another strong year. I mean that's the fundamental equation.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much for that color. We didn't hear anything about pension. Last year, we talked a lot about pension. Is there a plus or a minus going on in pension underlying, Dan?
Daniel J. Schmechel - Chief Financial Officer: Hi. So, this is Dan. Thank you. We'll see a favorable year-on-year pension expense, okay, driven by  primarily by the lower rate environment. We are changing our accounting in the calculation of the pension expense, but we will see a year-on-year benefit. Look, I'd say this, it's largely all offset within the compensation line. You think on the back of a year like this, there's pretty significant variable compensation rebuild that has to go on in the businesses, in the corporation, which offsets most of that. Any remaining piece is essentially offset by less year-on-year benefit in the raw material markets.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So, is there any way to quantify that or way that we should be thinking about that. So when we model our 2017 numbers, we don't assume a similar type of gain?
Daniel J. Schmechel - Chief Financial Officer: It's about $0.14 and $0.14 I think, plus and minus. The pension benefit year-on-year is like a pickup of $0.14, and that's about the offset.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Andy Wittmann from Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks. I wanted to maybe get a little bit more detail on the margin and kind of break it down. Looks like the SG&A guidance for the year suggest that SG&A will be roughly flat as a percentage of revenue. Gross margin at least the range brackets the 2015 reported number. So I guess the question is, you said that there'd be some margin expansion in 2016. Where does it come from? And do you see it as a result of identifiable cost reductions? I guess you mentioned a little bit in the last question, Doug, or is it more as a result of just operating leverage from the business?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I would say on the margin improvement in 2016 is pricing, still favorable raw markets, and innovation, and it's a little different by each business. Those are the inputs, mostly it's going to be in gross profit. You're right, SG&A, any pick up we would see from growth and/or volume benefit is going to be offset by investments.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Got it. And then a question on cash flow and the balance sheet. I guess in the part of the script that wasn't highlighted on the call, you mentioned that there's a $700 million buyback assumed. Cash flow, I guess, don't know exactly what it's going to be, but it should be well over $1 billion, probably $1.4 billion, $1.5 billion, I would imagine. So are you expecting to deleverage the balance sheet? Or should we assume that that might be  that other capital that's not considered in the $700 million buyback is maybe the M&A budget for the year that you hope to deploy?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Since Dan is not at the mike, I'll handle it and he can walk over and correct. So, yeah, free cash this year was $1.2 billion. It was up 15% in 2015 versus 2014, which we considered a strong performance. Cash will be a little beneficial to that next year, but not nearly as dramatic an increase. Uses of cash are going to be nearly identical in 2016 as in 2015, i.e. you saw the share buyback. It's virtually the same number in dollars as last year. And you can go and do your implied M&A, right?
Daniel J. Schmechel - Chief Financial Officer: That's right.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Same number.
Daniel J. Schmechel - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. I think a good assumption would be that M&A will be directly in line with this year's. Of course what the actual number will be depends on where individual conversations progress.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you.
Daniel J. Schmechel - Chief Financial Officer: But certainly no leveraging is anticipated. We'll be slightly up in debt, but the increase year-on-year in interest expense is really a rate conversation as I indicated earlier.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Mike Harrison from Seaport Global Securities. Please proceed with your questions.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Hi. Good afternoon.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Mike.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Doug, just looking at the organic sales number in Water, you called out the mining piece. I think that's about 15% of sales in Water. So was that down 25% or 30% year-on-year? And can you talk about what the growth rates look like on the light side of Water and heavy side?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, it was down. Mining was down double digits in the quarter. It went down 20% or 25%, but we got 15%, and you need a point and a half, I mean, that's what we're talking. And I'm talking on the core Water. There's other parts of the Water business. In terms of heavy, heavy was up 4% in the quarter, and light was up little north of 5%.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: And then looking at the impact of the Venezuela deconsolidation, you called out that it's $200 million in revenues. How much of that revenue is in the Energy segment? And I guess I'm under the impression that that was relatively high-margin business. So what's the revenue and operating income impact of that deconsolidation on Energy?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I can't read that number. Energy ought to have been off by 8% (40:45). Energy was $158 million of the $200 million in sales. And I think we gave a total operating income impact number, didn't we?
Daniel J. Schmechel - Chief Financial Officer: No. EPS is $0.17.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Oh. Okay. EPS is $0.17. You got our share count.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: All right. I can do the math there. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Rosemarie Morbelli from Gabelli & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Thank you. Good morning  good afternoon, rather, everyone. Looking at the Paper side, you talked about a decline in Asia-Pacific and then an improvement in North America and Europe, yet paper mills or machines or paper machines are still closing in North America and Europe, and the paper demand is expanding in Asia-Pacific and China especially. So I was just wondering where Ecolab is doing so well and why your result seems to be in opposite direction as to that of the paper industry?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, our Paper business was, what, 3% ex-Venezuela in the fourth quarter, which is probably good in the Paper business and we'd still like to see 5%. So look, tissue, towel and cardboard continue to grow. You're right. We've had to go work through and I think everybody's timing on when they have plants that are being shut down or shuttered is different. Our business in China is not healthy, and that's obviously in the 3% number. And that's a business that we're working on making sure we get positioned right moving forward, because we do believe it represents a good opportunity long term. And I would just say we've worked hard and this team has worked hard over the years to continue to improve the position, i.e., make sure your pointed to where the growth is both regionally and within the Paper segment.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: And then on the Healthcare, Doug, it is the first time, at least that I remember, where we actually see a little growth. So what are you doing there that is totally different from what you have done in the past? Is it a new marketing team? Have you figured out whom to talk to in order to convince them that they should be cleaning up those hospitals? Could you give us a better feel?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I would say two things. I mean, our Healthcare still is not performing where we want it to, but it did clearly improve. It was 1% growth in 2014. You adjust for the recalls, 3% to 4% in 2015, pick whatever number. It was improved, but not meeting our expectation. We expect it to be stronger this year. The reason we believe we're accelerating is that we continue to do an improved job convincing healthcare systems that our program makes sense in light of the EHAIC challenge (43:56). And the team has improved the program, improved the story and improved the sales focus. I think what the team has in store, we feel very good about. I think we anticipate that we will continue to accelerate that business. I think that's one of the businesses that has significant upside in our portfolio, outsized upside, if you will, and we aim to get after it. But I would say we are continuing to improve there. Got a good team on it and I think we'll see better things even in 2016 versus 2015.
Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Thank you. And if I may ask one last question, on the M&A, any particular areas where you are focusing more where the opportunities are more attractive than in others?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We've said we have our strategic priorities. With that said, we're open to smart bolt-ons, i.e., think Swisher in virtually every business. But we always figured there was probably going to be significant low-hanging fruit in Water, simply because prior to our acquisition, they were a bit capital-starved, et cetera. So, yeah, Water is a priority. Healthcare is a priority. But if we see good technology and/or bolt-on opportunities in any of our businesses, we are very willing and able to move forward. So right now, I would say, it's much more what the market is going to offer in terms of what can we buy at a price where we're confident we can deliver good returns for shareholders long-term.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Bob Koort from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Doug, I was wondering if you could characterize what was different in your Industrial versus your Institutional business in terms of the margin expansion you delivered in 2015.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, if you look at the segment, you'd have to pull out the recall out of Institutional, but even if you do that, you'll see more significant margin expansion in Industrial. And that's just they've got more exposure to the types of raw materials that lowered as a consequence of oil lowering. And it's a mix of raw materials. So that's the single biggest impact and it built throughout the year. Look, raws go up, go down, we typically work to sell in both our Institutional and Industrial markets based on value delivered. And our equation needs to bring benefits to our customers that are financial in nature as well as, say, safety and/or risk reduction. And as a consequence, we work hard to do that ongoing so raw materials can benefit us. We tend not to give them back long-term as long as we continue to have a great value story to our customers.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Makes sense. And then can you talk about what you anticipate on sales head count and how that's changed over the last few years? And I think most folks expect GDP to grow in Europe. So is there something more sinister or something about your particular end market exposure that leads you to think Europe could actually decline as a region?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Oh. Well, one, I'm sorry if I  I don't think Europe's going to decline as a region.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Sorry, decelerate.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, well  yeah, so this year, our European business, all in, grew by 5%. That's pretty good performance in Europe and we felt pretty good about that. It also had very good OI leverage. It was 100 basis points, 110 basis points, consistent with our Renaissance program that we talked about. So all told, we've added 550 basis points to our Europe margin over the last five years. Our view on Europe is just that the economy is not going to be as robust in 2016 as 2015. It's not going to go upside down, so we'd expect growth maybe more in the 3% range than in the 5% range, but I don't think that's all the drama. It's 20% of our sales.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you. Good afternoon. I guess just kind of high level, looking at the 2016 EPS guidance range, what would be the major, I imagine we could guess at the top one or two, but maybe the top three or four swing factors that would put you at the extremes or outside that range?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I would say, the number one plus minus is going to have to be FX. The second would be change in the Energy market. I would say, there's probably going to be more impact if it goes up than if it goes down from here. But it could go down bad enough or could have a material impact I imagine too. But it's starting to get squeezed on the downside. And then overall economy, but typically, that doesn't impact us immediately. So, I would say, that's probably a distant third as we look at it. And then it's just other exogenous events, right, that none of us can predict, but would affect any company dealing in a global basis, be it terrorism or major economic calamity in a market. I would say this, I think our business has proven pretty resilient. If you look at our underlying forecast, we have a midpoint of 11% for EPS ex-FX in 2016. And that's really driven by business performance. It's neutral when you look at shares, interest and tax. And last year, they brought a benefit. So it is indicating that we expect our business performance to be even a bigger contributor in 2016 than in 2015. And the reason we believe that is we have the underlying trends. We know what we've sold. We know where the innovation pipeline is. And we know what's happening on pricing. And so we feel like we're well-positioned to continue to do well even in this environment.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks. And then as a follow up just for modeling purposes, Dan, I think you said $0.11 ForEx impact in the first quarter and ballpark a range surrounding $0.20 for the year. How should we think about the cadence for the year just on the way you're looking at it? Thanks.
Daniel J. Schmechel - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, well, sort of as the first quarter and the full year numbers would progress, right. I mean we think that this will drop off a little bit by quarter as you go through the year just based on how the currencies weakened throughout  continued to weaken throughout 2015.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Monahan for any further closing comments.
Michael J. Monahan - Senior Vice President External Relations: Well, that wraps up our fourth quarter conference call. This call, the associated discussion slides will be available for replay on our website. Thanks for your time and participation today, and our best wishes for the rest of the day to you.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-02 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael J. Monahan - Senior Vice President External Relations Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Daniel J. Schmechel - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Mike Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC Jermaine Brown - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Manav Shiv Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc. Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC John E. Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Jason Anderson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co. Scott A. Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Welcome to the Ecolab Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Michael Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael J. Monahan - Senior Vice President External Relations: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's third quarter conference call. With me today are Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO; and Dan Schmechel, our Chief Financial Officer. A discussion of our results along with the earnings release and the slides referencing the quarter's results and our outlook are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements on these materials stating that this teleconference, the discussion and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Forms 10-K and 10-Q, under Item 1A, Risk Factors, and in our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with a brief overview of the quarter, strong new account gains and new product introductions drove solid mid-single-digit fixed currency sales growth in our Global Institutional, Industrial and Other segments during the third quarter, more than offsetting lower Global Energy sales. We leveraged that growth along with delivered product cost savings and our ongoing synergy and cost efficiency work to expand our adjusted operating margins, more than offsetting the impact of softening economies, weaker oil prices and increased currency headwinds. These, along with a lower tax rate and fewer shares outstanding, drove a solid 6% adjusted earnings per share increase. Looking ahead, we expect our Global Institutional, Industrial and Other segment to show continued superior fixed currency growth, outpacing their markets in softer international economies, as they leverage the internal work they have undertaken to further improve their sales and service effectiveness and profitability. We expect them to continue to more than offset lower results from our Energy business and produce the strongest quarter for fixed currency profit growth from our businesses this year. However, the fourth quarter will also face stronger external headwinds than previously forecast, including more unfavorable currency impacts and the effect on our operations from devaluing our Venezuelan bolivar business. As a result, we now look for the fourth quarter to show lower growth than previously expected, as the headwinds, including pension, impact earnings growth by 13 percentage points. For the full-year 2015, we continue to expect strong fixed currency profit growth in the mid-teens before the impact of unfavorable currencies, including the Venezuela devaluation and pension. We expect these will penalize growth by approximately 10 percentage points and yield a full-year adjusted earnings per share gain of 4% to 6%. Now on to few highlights from the third quarter. Reported earnings per share were $0.86. On an adjusted basis, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items from both years, third quarter 2015 adjusted earnings per share increased 6% to a record $1.28, despite an $0.11 or a 9 percentage point headwind from currencies and pension. The adjusted earnings per share growth was driven by fixed currency sales gains, delivered product and other cost savings, synergies, new products and the lower tax rate and share count. Our fixed currency acquisition adjusted sales were flat, as good mid-single digit growth from our Global Institutional, Industrial and Other segment was offset by lower Global Energy sales. Regionally, we saw good growth in Latin America and Europe rose 4%. Adjusted fixed currency operating margins expanded 90 basis points. In this year's tough environment, we have focused on driving new business gains and lower costs. We are using our industry-leading product innovation and service strengths to help customers achieve better results and lower operating costs, and through these aggressively drive new account gains across all of our segments. Further, raw material cost savings along with synergies and our cost efficiency work are helping to offset these headwinds. Importantly, we also continue to make key investments in our future growth drivers. We are delivering a strong fundamental business performance in 2015. As shown in slide four, we have grown profits in the mid-teens this year before externally-driven factors. The fourth quarter, shown at the midpoint of our revised range, should represent the year's best performance on this basis, growing nearly 20%, despite the recent deterioration in the energy market. However, as noted earlier, the business environment has become more challenging in recent months, as several key foreign currencies and the energy market have continued to weaken. These and other recent impacts on our outlook are summarized in the waterfall chart on slide five. Starting with the consensus forecast of $4.51 that's followed our second quarter earnings release, the recent deterioration in the energy markets has resulted in an impact of about $0.04 per share, which should be nearly offset by the aggressive actions we have taken in driving delivered product cost savings, cost efficiencies and synergies, along with other actions to offset the impact. However, increasingly unfavorable currency trends, the impact on our adjusted earnings from devaluing our Venezuelan bolivar business, initial dilution from acquisitions, and a product recall will represent approximately $0.10 per share of increased headwinds to the full year. As a result, while earnings from the fundamental business should rise in the upper teens, we expect fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share to increase 0% to 8% to the $1.20 to $1.30 range, with currency including the Venezuela devaluation and pension representing a drag of approximately 13 percentage points to earnings per share growth. Full-year adjusted earnings are expected to rise 4% to 6% to the $4.35 to $4.45 per share range with the same impacts representing a 10 percentage point drag to results. In summary, our underlying business continues to perform in line with our high expectations. We remain confident in our business, our markets and our people, as well as our capacities to meet our aggressive growth objectives over the coming years, while also delivering attractive returns in 2015 and setting up for a stronger growth in 2016. And now here's Doug Baker with some comments.
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Mike. Good afternoon, everybody. So the story for the year remains quite consistent. Strong currency headwinds mute very good underlying performance. So looking through FX and pension, we forecast 15% EPS adjusted for the year and 18% for Q4, which we expect to be our strongest quarter. Unfortunately, Q4 has the stiffest currency headwinds too, totaling 11% including Venezuela, which is stronger than we had previously forecast. Energy markets were and are a huge factor for us this year, but they're not the central driver in our results. Low energy prices have caused value and price erosion in our WellChem business in particular and Energy services broadly, but that's largely been made up via lower raw materials across our platform. This is still the fact. FX is the main issue. The good news is when you look beyond FX, the business is quite healthy. The Institutional, Industrial, and Other segments combined are growing over 100 basis points faster than last year. The expanded fixed currency margin as well by 200 basis points in Q3, and a projected 130 basis points for the year. The Energy markets are worse than we or anyone else foresaw at the beginning of this year and our business results are softer than planned as a result. But with that said, the Energy business has held up well in the face of a very difficult market. Our OFC and Downstream businesses combined, which are now 90% of the business are forecast to be up modestly on the top line for the year and better on the bottom line reflecting synergies. WellChem is where we've seen the majority of our pain. They will be down some 40% for the year, reflecting the dramatic decline in NA drilling activity. Going into the year, they are expected to be about 18% of the business. They now represent under 10%. Now, we previously forecasted an improvement in Q4 versus Q3 in energy, and we still do, albeit not as large an improvement but still an improvement. So in total for the year, ES will be down high single-digits on the top line and modestly more on the bottom, so adjusting for Venezuela margins will only be off 10 basis points to 30 basis points for the year, so we've held there quite well. Lastly, let me make a few comments on our forward view. So consistent with our past practice, we'll be sharing our 2016 forecast in February during our Q4 release call. With that said, our early view is we believe our strong underlying business performance in our Institutional, Industrial, and Other segments will continue through next year and start to show through particularly in the second half of 2016. Our Energy business should show improvement as the year progresses too and will likely show flat to modest growth in total. Still, the Energy market and currency including Venezuela will be a comparison challenge that tapers as the year progresses. So Q1 should have similar  could have similar headwinds as Q4, but they should ease as the year goes on. Net, we believe our reported and adjusted results will improve in total as well. With that as an opening, let me open it now up to Q&A for Mike, Dan, and myself.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now begin the Q&A session. We only ask that you limit yourself to one question and a brief follow-up to give others a chance to ask a question. Speakers, let's just give a few seconds for the questions to queue up first. Okay, our first question will be coming from the line of Mr. Mike Ritzenthaler. Sir, your line is now open.
Mike Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): (11:20-11:29) reflect the new business wins particularly within Industrial and Institutional. I think they're well reflected in fixed currency growth numbers. My question is does 3Q and the outlook for 4Q, I guess, have embedded in at the right run rate of overhead that can be further leveraged into 2016? Or is there more to add there?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Mike, I apologize but we didn't hear the first part of your question. I don't know if you were still muted by the operator or what. So could you repeat it again? I apologize.
Mike Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Oh, sure. Yeah, no problem. It was just a question about the corporate account efforts and some of the enterprise selling. I think the results, they speak for themselves. I think they're well reflected in the fixed currency growth numbers. And the question was around the overhead in 3Q, is that staffed according to how you've envisioned that in order to leverage into 2016 in those businesses?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I'd say it's more reflective than not. I would say the only place where we continue to see, I would say, lower expense levels is Energy. And part of the story of 4Q on the bottom line is we'll see and realize full cost savings benefits from the actions that have been taken this year in Q4. So that will then move forward into 2016. On balance, I think the cost structure you see in the rest of the business is fairly indicative of what you'll see next year.
Mike Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. Fair enough. And my one follow-up for me is, maybe for Dan since we have him on the call, is it fair to assume that the full-year impact of the bolivar is $0.12, something like that, if we just annualize the 4Q impact?
Daniel J. Schmechel - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, the number that we're coming up with this is about $0.13. So, yeah, it's almost closer to a direct annualization. That would be the impact of annualizing the devaluation. Okay?
Mike Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. All right. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Mr. Nate Brochmann from William Blair. Sir, your line is now open.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yes. Hello, everyone. I wanted to talk, Doug, a little bit, obviously, you guys have always delivered the consistency and deliver what you say you will. With Energy continuing to kind of be a little bit of a drag in terms of thinking that it would be a third quarter or fourth quarter bottom, and it feels again like we're getting close to that. But where is your level of confidence lie in the other businesses as maybe the global economy gets a little bit weaker that they can continue to offset that if that were to get pushed out a little bit further in terms of where the real bottom ends up being?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'd say a couple of things. One, I think our institutional, industrial and other businesses are doing quite well. Many of our large businesses are accelerating second half versus first half. Have had great success in terms of new business productivity. I don't think  third quarter was not a great quarter from a GDP standpoint as far as I can tell anywhere. So I don't think we are currently performing in a good environment heading for a bad environment. I feel like we've been performing well in a lousy environment, which is likely to continue. So emerging markets turtled early this year if not late last year. U.S. economy has not been in any great shape, so I think the only positive surprise you could point to economically in the world would be Europe. And our Europe business is reflecting it. It was up 4% in the third quarter. And we expect continued strong growth in Europe. So I would say I'm confident that those businesses continue to perform well moving forward, because I don't think they've gotten any tailwind from the economy. In terms of Energy bottoming, it seems like it's 0 and 100 for anybody predicting the bottom of this Energy market. I would say we are seeing kind of sequentially the same business albeit a little stronger in Q4 versus Q3. What we are confident in is that the comps get easier the second half of next year than they've been, right? We're going against double-digit comps in the second half right now, last year in the Energy business. And so this eases and frankly makes it a bit easier as you move forward to show growth.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then just one quick follow-up in terms of the raw material offset. Obviously that continues to flow through. Can you talk a little bit about the runway there in terms of what's still on the board in terms of the flow through and rates of renegotiations?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I mean, a lot of that's going to depend on what your view is of oil. But I think this natural offset that we talked about at the beginning of last year has come through. And so what I'll say is if our view is oil stays exactly here for the next 14 months, you're going to have pressure from the Energy business in a comparison standpoint early in the year offset by favorable comparison on raw materials and then both axes cross and come together. If oil degrades further, raw materials will get lower, and we'll have the same formula that we've had so far this year. So I'll just tell you, I just don't think that's going to be the major driver of the results. It wasn't this year. I know it creates a lot of noise, even here where we've had somewhat we're on the lower end of our outlook that we talked about even in 2009, 2010 meeting  our investor meeting. We've seen improvement in raw material pricing that partially offset that. So this equation is in place. It will likely continue.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will be coming from the line of Mr. David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. Sir, your line is now open.
Jermaine Brown - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good afternoon. This is actually Jermaine Brown filling in for David. Is double-digit or even low teens EPS growth possible for 2016? And if so, what are the different puts and takes to get to that?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We're not here to give a forecast. I think what we indicated is  net as we look I guess, as far as we're going to go is, we would expect reported results and adjusted results to be better than this year. But our commitment to 20% ROIC, 20% margin and 15% going EPS over a period of time remains intact, we think very real and deliverable.
Jermaine Brown - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Understood. And one more, if I can. Which, if any, of your expectations, excluding Energy, have changed since your September Investor Day?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All the change that impacted the forecast, I mean to be honest  look, we wish Energy was stronger, not weaker, but Energy is not the reason we're lowering our forecast, because it was nearly offset by other issues. The issue was really FX, including Venezuela, and that's the piece of the forecast that changed dramatically, and it changed post-Investor Day. So  all right?
Jermaine Brown - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Mr. Gary Bisbee from RBC Capital Markets. Sir, your line is now open.
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah, hi. Thanks. I guess just following up, Doug and Mike, both of you said you thought you're setting up for a stronger 2016, and I realize you're not giving guidance, but can you go through any of the major reasons you believe that? I mean, I guess like Energy comps get better by  get a lot easier, particularly in the second half of the year. The FX, based on where we are now, becomes less of a headwind. Is it those two factors that lead you to make that comment? Or is there anything else that we should think of?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I would say it's several things, including those. So we're quite confident we're going to continue to perform well in our Industrial, Institutional and Other segments. The Energy business will be improved next year versus this. You can argue with us is it going be modest growth, modest decline? It's not going to be  it's going to be better than this year for a variety of reasons. And then, yeah, FX headwinds are more likely than not to be less next year than they are this year. And I think that's fairly safe. Sooner or later, they're going to drive the economy down in the U.S., and that will fix FX.
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And then the M&A dilution, I assume that's Swisher. Can you give us an update on how much  how long do you think you'll have that? How much do you expect the dilution to be? And maybe just from a high level, do you think you keep most of that client base and this actually becomes nicely accretive in a year or so? Or is your expectation that a bunch of that bleeds off because they want to stick with the lower-priced option as opposed to upgrade to your offerings? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think in our model we don't anticipate that everybody's going to stay, which would be our standard model. So I think there's some expected attrition. We're not going to get into how much. But I would say the vast majority of the business sticks. We think  consider it  look, I've seen a model that says it's minorly. I would say it's probably going be neither accretive or dilutive next year. It will be modestly dilutive early and then starting to get offset as we round a midpoint of next year. Long-term, it's hard to put a model together, does it make that deal look like a great deal for us, simply because the price we're buying it for? And so I'm quite confident that it'll ultimately prove to be a very, very good deal for shareholders, even if it has short-term pain. And the pain really is driven by the fact that this business is, as has been well advertised, is losing money. And you can't turn it from a money loser into a money winner in a day. And so you're going take on some of the lost run rate, and then we've got to go fix this business, but we've got to go do it in a way that doesn't erode the customer base any more than it might happen naturally.
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question  give me just a moment. Give me just a moment for your next question.
Michael J. Monahan - Senior Vice President External Relations: We'll move on to the next question. Operator, we can't hear a question being asked. David? Hello? Operator, we're not hearing anything on our end.
Operator: Our next question will be coming from Mr. David Ridley-Lane from Bank of America. Sir, your line is already open.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Sure. Great. Within your modest revenue growth expectations for Energy in 2016, can you give some color on the expectations around the three components WellChem, production and downstream?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: For 2016?
David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes.
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, well, WellChem, what we would say is we were probably more likely not to see very modest growth, but it's going to be starting at quite a low base. And so WellChem in the fourth quarter is about 10% of the business, as I mentioned in my opening remarks. It started out with an expectation of being about 18%. Part of the business has been de-risked just by the fact that we've gone through the decline on a major piece of the business. And so call that flat to modestly up. Downstream will be up, we expect, again next year. And then OFC will gather steam throughout the year. We'll start with some pressure simply because of the fundamentals in the market, but we would expect to be flat to modestly up, too.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And then not to make too much of this, because I recognize there's rounding there, but on the pricing, just to check, the pricing in the non-Energy business remains sort of in the 1% to 2% range and what's dragging it down to, around to zero, is some of the contracts that are tied to oil price. Is that right?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, the non-Energy businesses have pricing just north of 1%. And then we're flat in total, so I guess you can figure out that Energy being 30%, what Energy is.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from Mr. John Quealy from Canaccord. Sir, your line is now open.
John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hey, folks. Good afternoon. Just following up on the Energy price question, can you talk about how much was competitive in terms of trying to get new accounts or new business within accounts rather than the peg to oil?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, getting new accounts typically wouldn't count against your pricing necessarily, because it's net new business for you as you go out. It would be protecting  it would be either protecting business, trading price for volume and/or cost-plus businesses. We haven't gone through and done a pure accounting of what percentage each of those things, and I would say, the biggest pressure is obviously in the North American portion of our Energy business, is where we have the most price pressure. And we obviously have sizable business outside of the U.S. where it's not been as acute early. Typically, though, that's a follower. And we expect we will continue to have modest price pressure moving forward as we go on. WellChem has been the single hardest hit component of that business, but all three segments of the business have been hit by price.
John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And as a follow up, just to be clear, on the M&A expectations moving forward, you gave guidelines in September on total dollars, but in terms of accretion/dilution, is it going to vary by property, vary by segment and what you go after? Or how should we think about accretion dilution for most deals moving forward? Thank you, folks.
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I would say deals are very rarely dilutive. In fact, we had a deal that we were very interested in and had a high level of confidence we were going to close. It ended up being bought by somebody else. The reason we didn't match the price  we actually had a chance to buy it at a lower price  was it was going to be a terrible return, even though it was going to be quite accretive. And with the low interest rates right now, it's not that hard to have an accretive deal. I think what we're trying to be is also very careful about what types of returns these businesses are going to generate over the medium and long-term. And we're going be disciplined there. We were in the 2006, 2007 run up period. We never regretted that. We're going to try to be disciplined through this period as well. So typically, I'd say deals will be accretive not dilutive but we're going to make sure they're good returns.
John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Mr. Manav Patnaik from Barclays. Sir, your line is now open.
Manav Shiv Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah, good afternoon, gentlemen. So I wanted  you mentioned earlier obviously that almost everyone's been 0 out of 100 in forecasting Energy and this year we've seen your guidance in Energy coming down step-by-step every quarter. So I was just wondering going into 2016 as you guys sit down doing your budgeting and coming out with a forecast, like  what are some of the lessons learned this year in terms of  do you come out next year with sort of much more conservative view and hope things just look better? Or do you just continue this step-by-step and work with the Energy market?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'd say this. You're right. On Energy, we brought down our expectations on Energy probably every call. With that said, I would like to remind, we have not brought down our expectations for our overall business performance underneath FX. And so whatever decline we've had in Energy has been continually offset through raw material savings and other work that we've done across the company. And so I just don't  this isn't an Energy business. It's a business made up of several elements, and in total those elements have performed very well, 15% for the year and as we've talked about 18% in Q4. So I think that's got be the overall understanding. Now, with that said, in Energy, look, we're in a long line of people we haven't forecasted the Energy fall. And part of it is we rely on published data like everybody else. And I would agree with you. It has not been a great forecaster. I think our lessons learned going forward is we're going to continue to look at this very closely. We're going to continue to understand we have a natural hedge, which is as the Energy market softens, our raw materials go down too. We're going to make sure that we've got additional plans to make sure that our underlying business performance remains quite healthy, well invested, and well-positioned for the long-term, which I think we get good marks on all of those. I think the big miss that we've got is on FX. And to be honest, I don't bias for our FX trading and our forecasting capability. We've never broadcast that we're going to be good at it. What we have been historically good at is forecasting our underlying business performance and I think that still stands.
Manav Shiv Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. And just a follow-up on the Other segments. I think to the earlier question and remarks around you expect the Other segments to show  I think it was continued superior fixed currency growth outpacing the market despite the softness in international economies. Is that still  should we still think of that comment as being in the 4% to 6% range? Or does that imply acceleration from there? Just some guidelines on how to think of those comments you guys had.
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think, say, well, I would stay in about the range we're performing at right now. I think you're going to have some businesses accelerate, some remain under pressure. In total, I think it's going to be more of the same on the top line through next year just given where the general economy is.
Manav Shiv Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Mr. Laurence Alexander from Jefferies. Sir, your line is now open.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: Good afternoon. Two quick ones. On the Healthcare business, the packaging recall, any sort of significant changes procedures? Or is this more of a one product blip? And secondly on Institutional, was the initiatives to globalize and standardize competencies, can you give us a sense for how far along that cultural shift is? And are there any regions which have proven more difficult than expected?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So Healthcare, yeah, we were obviously changing procedures on the specific product where we had the recall. I would I guess point out we haven't had a lot of conversation about this. It was a voluntary recall. We went out and did this through an abundance of caution. I think we did exactly the right thing. If you want to be trusted, you have to act at a trustworthy manner. And I think the team's managed this. We don't expect long-term volume issues from this or anything else. It was really a packaging related issue not a product related issue. But they end up related. So this isn't systemic. It was an issue on this product. In terms of Institutional cultural harmonization, I think this is going to be  one, it's not going be identical all elements of the world, because the world's not identical all over. And we're going to have to have the culture that works in a given market. But with that said, there's going to be a lot of consistency across markets and across the business. So look, we continue to make progress. Institutional was really the last of our businesses to globalize. It's made, I think, great strides in many ways and has still a lot of room to go. I think one of the reasons that we remain bullish is there's so much darn upside in our businesses as we globalize and expand our best practices around the world. And institutional would be a good case in point. So, you've got the U.S. business where we have very good share growing at 7%. We're accelerating in other markets, but we have a lower share, significant opportunity, significant opportunity to improve practice and culture. And as those things come along, I think you're going to see continued improvement in those markets both on the top line and bottom line as well. So I don't know if I'd call out one market over another, I think the challenges are different by market. Europe, we're making headway. Europe has had its challenges, but I also can plainly see that we're making progress there.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Mr. Andy Wittmann from Baird. Sir, your line is now open.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hi. I just want to talk a little bit about the offsets that you were able to achieve in the third quarter, the $0.03 offset to the headwinds. And it sounds, Doug, from your comments that it's largely raw materials led. And you've stressed the fact that that's offsetting the top line trends. I guess the questions are, was there anything one-time in nature, or are those cost savings sustainable? And how many times can you keep pressing on the raw material button before the supply chain's unable to give you any more?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean, supply  I don't want to minimize the hard work supply chain's done on raw materials, because it's been considerable. But the reason raw material button keeps getting pushed is because the energy market keeps weakening. And it's the main driver ultimately of the raw material pricing. So that's very correlated there. In terms of the other things, I would say if we were going to go do a refresh on this, we're going to end up with 440 (36:04) today, but for a different reason. And you would probably have more in the other bucket from raw materials than we have right now, but the other thing's in there. Some of them are renegotiating and lowering costs of things like fleet, and we also have share repurchase in there and some other things. So these have legs, but they're not all exactly directly related. I mean, I think the fleet is because it's a cost, but shares aren't to operating performance per se as you go through on it. I would say, we knew we had these opportunities moving in and had planned to take advantage of them in the year. And so they're not big surprises, but they're a mix of results.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Got it. And then my follow-up, I guess, is for Dan. Dan, the tax rate was down 25.8%, and you guided 27%. Should we, as investors and analysts, be thinking of that as the new base rate, recognizing that you're looking for R&D credit in the fourth quarter? But is that the way we should be thinking about 2016? Is it something closer to 26% rather than 27%?
Daniel J. Schmechel - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. I do think that's right. So in our guidance, of course, is the assumption that the R&D tax credit is renewed, which we're quite hopeful of and expect, frankly. And then I would be thinking of a 2016 tax rate in the 26% range.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Mr. Dmitry Silversteyn from Longbow Research. Sir, your line is now open.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Good morning, or, yeah, I guess, good afternoon now. Couple of things. First of all, can you talk  you talked about sort of the growth you're getting in North America and the fact that your European businesses outside of Energy are picking up versus the sort of the target that we have out there of about 10-points improvement in Europe available, and you're certainly along that. Can you update us where you are on that pathway and sort of how you're thinking about the timing of getting the rest of that margin opportunity accessed in Europe?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Europe, we'll end up roughly 200 basis points combined Q3, Q4, we're on average. For the year, we're going be right around 100 basis points. We may be a little south, but it's going be fairly modest if we're south, and a lot of that's just FX costs and some other things that we've got in that business, which we'll deal with over time. I think we're up over cumulative 500 basis points at this point in time, so we're going to end up the year about 7.5%. Started off south of 2.5% (38:54) when we started this initiative. So we've made significant progress. We talked then that we expected to get this business into double digits. I would say that's still our view. A key driver, we said, had to become volume, and I think you're seeing that this year as we've started to see some top-line growth as well. And we talked early in the year that we would expect around 3% in that business for the year, and we still say that's what we expect to see, which is stronger than it's been in the past years. So I would say we remain bullish on our ability to get to double-digit OI margins in Europe, and we've made great progress.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And in terms of timing, when you can get that, is that  I mean, obviously, the world is changing, but as you sit and you look at it today, and you provided some outlook on 2016, is this sort of a 2017, 2018 event? Or is this sort of a still indeterminate future?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I would say same pathway, 100 basis points a year, so two-and-a-half years.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then second, my second follow-up question, on the Venezuelan devaluation and the impact it's having on your guidance, and especially the fourth quarter. Can you sort of size this business for us and why it was such an impactful hit? I mean, I understand that the currency sold off significantly, but I just never thought it was that big of a portion of your Latin American business, number one. And number two, if currencies stay at these levels, how much of a headwind are you looking in the first half of 2016 before you anniversary it? Is it similar, kind of $0.02 to $0.03 a quarter?
Daniel J. Schmechel - Chief Financial Officer: So, hi, this is Dan. So let's  we'll start with sizing the business, okay? So in 2014, based on a 6.30 bolivar per U.S. dollar exchange rate, sales in for the Venezuela business were just south of $200 million. And by piece, right, this is a business that is about 70% Energy and roughly 10% each for the Water, Paper and F&B business. So, it's not an enormous business in the context of Ecolab's business overall, but it's nonetheless, sizable. And  so here's what's going on in Venezuela, if you're not following this. It's a country, obviously, in some chaos, crisis even. And it is hyper-inflationary, okay? And so the official exchange rate is and has remained 6.30 bolivar per U.S. dollar. However, for most importation, including for us, these rates have been moving towards 200 bolivar per dollar, so enormous change in the currency regimes that we're operating under. We have, through the year, taken first our Water and Paper business, then Food & Beverage, right, and Institutional, and now finally the Energy business from reporting at this 6.30 bolivar rate to 200 bolivars per dollar rate. We do it because we think that that is the  yeah, 6.3 bolivars per dollar, thank you  is that we do it because we think that, we want to make sure that we're giving the best perspective on how this business is performing. If you continue to report the business at 6.3 bolivars per dollar, as you get pricing or as you get cost inflation, it's highly distortional to the P&L. Okay? So what we decided to do, effective for the fourth quarter, is to begin to report the sizable portion of the Energy business at a bolivar to dollar exchange rate of 200-to-1 (42:32), and that is having the impact in our  really the impact to our prior forecast that you're seeing here. So, fully $0.02 of the change, forecast to forecast, is being driven by this Venezuela bolivar impact across the Energy business.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Mr. John Roberts from UBS. Sir, your line is now open.
John E. Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: All right, thank you. Maybe I'll ask another question on Energy, since no one's asked one yet. The $0.04 adjustment for the full year 2015 earnings, was much of that recognized in the third quarter? Or is it mostly a fourth quarter $0.04?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The majority of it's in fourth quarter. Some of it was in the third.
John E. Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. So really the slip here is in October that you've seen so far?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think it was a view honestly that fourth quarter in particular is going be weaker. And the past patterns aren't going to hold true, particularly in North America. And so there was a takedown of some expectations as a consequence of that.
John E. Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And even with the Healthcare 1% sales adjustment from the recall, the growth rate there still isn't much above the Paper segment. When does that accelerate?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean, it was a quarter. It had been performing better than that in the first half, but I would say, we expect Healthcare to continue to perform better than it is right now. Let me just say, a recall is sort of all hands on deck. You've got your salespeople walking into every account, taking product out or making sure that we get these shipments flipped. So it's quite distracting.
John E. Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. So you'd say the effect was more than 1%, the direct effect was 1%, and then there was a meaningful indirect effect?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Well, let me say, recalls aren't positive for sales, typically. And so certainly, yes, there was a direct effect in a, let's just say, a lot of time spent on something that's not net growing your business.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Mr. Jason Anderson from Stifel. Sir, your line is now open.
Jason Anderson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good afternoon. I'm in for Shlomo today. Just a quick question. I appreciate the color on the slide on the progression from 2Q and your change from the midpoint on the guidance. But I'm just wondering, the top line comes down about $0.15. So there's, I guess by quick math maybe a few pennies to $0.05 off the top line that maybe you don't speak to. And I'm wondering, should we chalk that up to Energy? Or is there anything else going on there that you could elaborate on?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The top line comes off. I'm sorry, I didn't quite...
Jason Anderson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I'm sorry, the upper end  sorry, the upper end of guidance coming down about $0.15. And you kind of attribute maybe $0.10 or $0.10 or $0.11 to the issues lined out in slide five? But I'm just wondering maybe the top line coming down a bit more than that, are there other things we should be thinking about? Or should we chalk it up to Energy? Or...
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I would say that guidance we basically left in place 7-28 (46:12) and then carried forward, I think, signaled typically there's a narrowing of guidance as you go through the year. I think we'll focus more on midpoint to midpoint in our guidance if anything. And that's what we've been referring to. I don't  I think in the middle of the year, if you've got a large range and you've got more topside, it can be  FX can go favorable instead of reverse. The economy's can get better, which they were forecast to do, not get worse, et cetera. I mean, there's a host of things. But no, I wouldn't pinpoint it on Energy.
Jason Anderson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks for that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Mr. Mike Harrison from Seaport Global Securities. Sir, your line is now open.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Hi. Good afternoon. Doug, I was wondering if you could talk about the Water business a little bit. Maybe provide some details on how the integration is going of the Jianghai business and maybe what kind of synergies you're seeing from that on both the top and bottom line?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I would say early results of Jianghai  and we're calling them early because we're only a couple quarters into it, have been quite favorable. Our expectation is we'll be ahead of plan on that business in terms of contribution. And that's mostly driven by business performance. So I would say, so far so good. Integration, we've got a good team on it. Our managers met on this late last week. And I think we're progressing against all the things that we want to do. Importantly, just like our other integrations, we expect to learn as much from Jianghai as we are going to impart to them. And so a lot of this is making sure we understand business model, structure. They had a sales model that was not that dissimilar to the sales models we've set up in other parts of the world in Water, and how do we then orient ours more like that for the Chinese market. So I think there's a lot of things that we plan to get out of this acquisition other than just growth as a consequence of buying another company.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: All right. And then with regard to the Energy segment and the just the cost savings and synergy expectations. I believe you had said last quarter that you were expecting to get about $15 million of incremental cost reductions in Q4 versus Q3. Can you update that number? And maybe give us a sense of what kind of incremental cost savings would be in 2016 versus 2015?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, we may have to  I mean, here's what's  we clearly are continuing to lower our cost structure in Energy and Q4 is going be roughly $10 million lower than Q3 in terms of cost structure. So you annualize that, you're going to get 30 (49:16) out of it next year in one, two and three as you go through. So there's work to be done there. But we're going get to a point, and we are close to it now, where we feel we've done the right thing on lowering our costs. What we don't want to do is cut too deeply into muscle because ultimately this business does turn. As we've always said, we think the turn in the market is post 2016. That's been a consistent view and it remains our view, but we have taken steps to lower the cost.
Michael Joseph Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from Mr. Bob Koort from Goldman Sachs. Sir, your line is now open.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks very much. Doug, I'm curious, you guys bought Champion when the energy markets were certainly showing some positive momentum. Do you get any increased excitement maybe to pick up some companies on sale as we go through this downturn?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I would say in our M&A list are some energy properties, for lack of a better term, companies that we hope we're able to buy. It could be a combination of things. I mean, it can be technology that we think is leveraged, but certainly this is a good time to be looking for certain things in the Energy business. I think as I've also said, these are not going be huge deals, Champion-esque in size at all. They're going be probably smaller deals more because that's what's out there. But that should be the expectation.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And I'm curious, in that portfolio, what more do you need to be more competitive? And it seems like you've got some pretty sizable competitors out there. So are there technologies you're missing? Are there geographies you're missing? What do you need to supplement your portfolio with?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I don't think this is a case of we've got a technical hole that inhibits our competitiveness. Instead, I would say, there are some technologies we see that may create adjacencies or additional opportunities in our customer base that, if it doesn't happen, we remain quite competitive, quite viable. We don't think we have a scale disadvantage at all in our business. While we go against competitors who are larger in total, they aren't larger in the chemistry that we sell. And in fact, we've got scale advantage versus them in fact in that  in what we're delivering. So I would say it's more on periphery or areas that we think we could capitalize on, create annuity type models like we have in other parts of the business. So it would be more that's where we are fishing.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And lastly, if I could sneak it in, you responded to a question about Healthcare and a quarter doesn't make a trend, but you have seen some deceleration. Do you feel you're losing share there? Is the competitive base different than in your traditional Cleaning business? Why isn't that end-market as robust as it would seem to be?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Well, I would say, look, the Europe business is growing well. We've got a Contamination Control business that's growing quite well. And we have portions of our portfolio, particularly in the U.S., which aren't doing very well, masking what I would call decent core growth. And so our focus is to continue to focus on what we think is going to drive us long term and sort of pull through that way. And we will continue to get after (52:58) hospitals. Hand care is still very viable in that business. And we also have a good Contamination Control business which gives us inroads into a very attractive market which we're going to go follow as well. So we feel good overall about our Healthcare opportunities. We don't feel great about the results in the third quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question will be coming from the line of Mr. Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer. Sir, your line is now open.
Scott A. Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks. I'll just make it one. The Industrial production seems to have come down from the first half of the year in the third quarter. And your Industrial  I know it's not directly correlated, but your Industrial segment seems to have accelerated a little bit in growth if you do constant currency and take out the acquisition. Doug, what's behind that? What's giving that slight bit of acceleration? And do you anticipate that persisting?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, we've continued to gain share in those businesses. And so I mean, the main thing that's driving all of our businesses is our ability to gain share. Most of the  I wouldn't  the majority of our markets are flat to modestly up, but they're not  that's not the driver. It's been share gains. Energy being, of course, the exception where obviously you've got just market disruption right now as a consequence of the drop in oil price. If you look within our Industrial segment, you'll see pressure in the heavy industry part of that portfolio, be it mining, steel in some respects. China, in particular, you'll see real pressure in mining, steel and also paper because of a draw-down and lack of production overall. But with that said, we've been able to offset it. Water is doing quite well in accelerating, and in light water, our core Water business is healthier and getting better. It's 100 basis point to 150 basis point faster growing in the second half versus the first. And I like what they're doing, so we expect that business to continue to accelerate. I think we've found our sea legs there. So I would expect our Industrial business to continue to perform, even with some pressure on some segments.
Scott A. Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks. I'll leave it at that.
Operator: Thank you so much. And now I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Monahan for some closing comments.
Michael J. Monahan - Senior Vice President External Relations: Thank you. That wraps up our third quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated discussion slides will be available for replay on our website. Thank you for your time and participation today, and best wishes for the rest of the day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-28 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc. Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.
Analysts: Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Manav S. Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc. Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC Mike Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray & Co John E. Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Michael J. Harrison - Global Hunter Securities LLC Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co. Scott A. Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Thank you all for standing by, and welcome to the Ecolab Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. This call is being recorded. If you have objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Michael Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's Second Quarter Conference Call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO. As you may have seen, we are using a different format this quarter in which we have posted a discussion of our operating results, and will present only abbreviated highlights on this call. The posted discussion along with our earnings release and the slides referencing the quarter's results and our outlook are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements on these materials stating that this teleconference, the discussion and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of the most recent Form 10-K under item 1-A, risk factors, and in our posted materials. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with a brief overview of the quarter, strong new account gains and new product introductions drove good mid-single digit fixed currency sales growth in our Global Institutional, Industrial and Other segments during the second quarter to more than offset lower Global Energy sales. We leveraged that growth along with delivered product cost savings, decreased variable compensation and our ongoing synergy and cost efficiency work as well as pricing to more than offset substantial currency and pension headwinds and increase our adjusted operating margins. These along with lower tax rates and fewer shares outstanding drove a solid adjusted earnings per share increase. Looking ahead, we expect 2015 to be another year of superior growth, despite mixed macroeconomic and market trends as well as substantially unfavorable currency exchange and pension costs. We are seeing good sales growth in our Global Institutional, Industrial and Other segments, primarily a result of internal work we have undertaken to further improve our effectiveness. Lower oil prices have yielded lower delivered product costs while also negatively impacting our Global Energy segment. Net we continue to look for a very strong profit growth in the mid-teens area before currency and pension effects. We continue to expect currency and pension to represent a combined unfavorable impact of $0.38 per share in 2015, reducing 2015 earnings per share growth by nine percentage points. Our 2015 full-year adjusted earnings per share forecast remains centered in a $4.45 to $4.60 per share range, representing 6% to 10% growth as further fixed currency sales growth, appropriate pricing, lower variable compensation, innovation and synergies more than offset 2015's challenges. And now on to a few highlights from the quarter. Reported second quarter earnings per share were $1. On an adjusted basis, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items from both years, second quarter 2015 adjusted earnings per share increased 5% to a record $1.08 despite a $0.09 headwind from currencies and pension. The adjusted earnings per share growth was driven by fixed currency sales gains, delivered product and other cost savings, lower variable compensation, synergies, new products and the lower tax rate and share count. Our fixed currency acquisition-adjusted sales increased 2%. It was led by mid-single digit growth from our Global Institutional, Industrial and Other segments, which more than offset lower Global Energy sales. Latin America and Middle East Africa led the regional increase with good growth in Asia-Pacific, while Europe showed continued modest gains. Adjusted fixed currency operating income grew 8%, and we expanded those margins by 80 basis points. We also continue to make key investments in the drivers for our future growth. We remain on plan to achieve our Nalco and Champion synergy targets, and our Europe margins are on track for further strong expansion again this year. In addition, we continued to execute on our $1 billion share repurchase, and re-acquired 3.3 million shares in the second quarter. Looking ahead, Energy markets and some regional economies continue to present challenges and the headwinds from currency exchange remains formidable. However, we're also realizing raw material cost savings that should significantly improve versus the first half. Along with synergies and cost efficiencies, lead to further margin expansion and yield improved earnings per share gains over the balance of 2015. In this mixed environment, we are driving new business gains and lower costs as we maximize the benefits and minimize the challenges in 2015. We will once again use our product innovation and service strengths to help customers achieve better results and lower operating costs, and through these drive new account gains across all of our segments. We expect the third quarter 2015 results to show further solid fixed currency sales growth and margin improvement from our Global Institutional, Industrial and Other segments, as they more than offset lower Energy segment results in a tough comparison for Energy. Third quarter adjusted earnings per share are expected to increase 2% to 8%, to the $1.24 to $1.31 range, as the unfavorable currency and pension impact increases to approximately $0.11 per share in the quarter. Our full year 2015 forecast remains centered in the $4.45 to $4.60 per share range, up 6% to 10%. In summary, we believe our second quarter performed very well despite very challenging conditions. We continue to expect 2015 to reflect Ecolab's balanced business portfolio and show strong operating performance for the company, more than offsetting the challenges in Global Energy and the drag on earnings per share from currencies and pension. We remain confident in our business, our markets and our people as well as our capacities to meet our aggressive growth objectives over the coming years while also delivering attractive returns in 2015. Now here is Doug Baker with some comments.
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Thank you, Mike, and good day, everybody. So it's going to be a familiar theme. I would say the year continues to progress as we expected and we talked about during the last call. So we really have strong mid-teens underlying EPS performance when you look through FX. It's being driven by strong Institutional, Industrial and Services. We're delivering strong mid-single digit fixed FX organic sales growth. When you couple that with the raw material savings, as a result of the lower oil price, this results in very strong earnings in these segments. This is offsetting much of the weaker Energy Service demand impact that we're also simultaneously seeing, so net the story, there really  the oil is counteracted, if you will, the Energy demand destruction is counteracted by raw material savings, net not really the main deal is exactly what's happening in our business. So FX is the principal optic story this year. It will pass. We don't know when, but ultimately it will. I would say if you look underneath importantly the metrics are very solid for our business. We continue to gain shares; we had another record quarter of new corporate account business gains across the board. We continue to have excellent results from new innovation; both innovation launched last year and this year. We continue to deliver against our savings plans, our synergy plans and our raw material capture targets; our cash flow is good and improving. And I would also point out that our M&A pipeline looks very good and is quite robust. So net, the story for the full year remains the same. We expect Institutional, Industrial and Other segments to continue to perform quite well as they continue to drive mid-single digit fixed currency sales growth, and they continue to have strong margin performance via input cost savings as a consequence of lower oil. Energy we expect to be off on the top line for the year about 3% to 5% and have a flattish OI result year-on-year. So our full-year range remains 6% to 10% EPS growth, adjusted EPS growth, with about a 7% FX impact forecasted. Sitting today, we would expect to be in the middle of our forecasted annual EPS range. So the underlying assumptions in this forecast are the following: we see the economy and Energy market remaining in their current ranges. We don't expect any dramatic uptick or downtick in either. We see FX remaining fairly stable. So a big move either way would impact results. We continue to execute in all businesses, it's sort of an ongoing assumption no matter what year. Our Energy business, we believe, will start improving in Q4. It's really driven by two factors. One, cost savings and synergies will be at their full value for the year in Q4 year-on-year. So that's a step up in contribution. And we also expect to have new innovation driven sales positively impacting Q4 as we've sold a lot of new business recently, and we're quite confident we're going to see the majority of that in Q4. And finally, I'd also point out that our assumptions do not include any impact from unannounced M&A. So in summary, we feel good about the future. I think we're doing all the things we need to, to continue and drive strong future performance. We expect to continue and deliver mid-teens EPS reported results once FX stabilizes. We have a great pipeline, both in innovation and new business. We've got a great market position and it's improving. Our team is executing extremely well and we continue to invest. We have record investment in systems and talent and R&D. And finally as I previously mentioned, M&A looks quite robust and we believe positioned to be a major contributor going forward as we've talked in the past. So with that, I'll hand it back to Mike. And then we'll move to Q&A in a minute.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: Thanks, Doug. A final note before we start Q&A. We plan to hold our 2015 Investor Day in St. Paul on September 10. If you have any questions, please contact my office. Please note, we have limited space and that we need your RSVP by August 20. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, would you please begin the question-and-answer period?
Operator: Thank you. So we'll now open the question-and-answer session for today's call. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and a brief related follow-up question per caller so that others will have a chance to participate. Now let's just give a few seconds for our questions to queue up. And our first question will be coming from the line of Mr. Nate Brochmann. Sir, your line is open.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Good afternoon, gentlemen. Hey, Doug, I wanted to talk a little bit in terms of obviously the Energy business. It seems that you have a really great handle on where that's at right now. And it kind of feels based on just what other industry participants are saying that we might be kind of getting to the bottom in the third quarter. One, just wanted to see if you were feeling that way; and two, whether there was anything relative to the start of the second quarter in terms of managing the business any differently in terms of accelerating any additional cost saving plans beyond just the synergies that were remaining or are still left in the pipeline from the deal, and then just how you're thinking about that going forward?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, so I would say, I mean, we're all looking, I think, at the same rig count data. And certainly the rig count decline has stabilized. And I think it's predicted to remain sort of at this level for a while. And so that's our assumption. We don't have forecasted any dramatic increase in rig count going forward. And we believe that oil's gonna stay in this range of plus minus $5.00 through 2016. And I would also say that's not really a change in our view, either, as we go on. So we see the Q3 versus Q2, quite similar. Q3 will be very modestly higher than Q2 but it's very modest. And really when we see any kind of uptick as Q4, and as I mentioned in my earlier remarks, it's really driven by two factors: one, certainly some innovation driven sales, and second, cost savings and synergies which will be at full value in Q4. Now some of those savings are absolutely the savings that we had foreseen when we did the Champion deal. And so really not a change, we may have changed timing on it a bit but exactly the savings that we had foreseen. But we have taken additional steps no doubt about it, given the market is considerably different than we had thought it would be just a year ago. And so I would say there are some savings that you would call downturn related. I would also say that the strategy that we've articulated which is we do not want to get into this big up and down swing cycle in that business. It's not a highly cyclical business at all. I think we're demonstrating that. It was down 5%, so for that first half it was down a couple points. And as we said for the year, we expect it to be in that range. So this isn't a business that swings wildly and we don't want to swing our talent wildly either. That doesn't mean that we aren't taking some steps but they're pretty modest, particularly when you look at the type of layoff numbers that are broadly being communicated in that industry. And we think that makes sense for our business and makes sense also for positioning ourselves when, one, the industry stabilizes, like now, and two, as we ride that and then the future ride up, I think we're in a good position to capitalize on that.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay, makes sense. And then just on the follow-up, you talked about getting a couple new business wins which obvious they were part of the Ecolab story via the innovation. Were there any really big wins there in the quarter? Obviously Food & Beverage seemed to have a very nice quarter, was wondering if anything flew through there that was kind of a one-time big thing or whether that's just normal blocking and tackling?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, no. I would say it's fairly broad-based. I mean there are a number of very good wins. I would say it's kind of in our typical range of what we do. I would say in total, we're up modestly year-on-year, in last year as you recall, we were up 45%. So that's a great accomplishment and it's also in the face of frankly Energy doing very well on new business but not quite as well as last year which you would expect. Because you don't have the same CapEx deployment but Energy still is doing very well in generating new business. They are clearly gaining share. I think that's really one of the highlights. It's one of the leading indicators I've always paid most attention to in almost all of our businesses because it's probably the best forecaster for continued organic sales growth strength.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. I appreciate that. Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will be coming from the line of Mr. David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. Sir, your line is now open.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Doug, just on your full year guidance, you maintain a pretty wide range of $0.15 for the back half of the year, what would need to happen for that lower end of the full year guidance to be hit, that $4.45 area?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, I would say two things. David, we really left guidance alone because we don't see any real change in our outlook for the year and we thought the best way to communicate that was not changing our forward guidance. It is wider than we might normally have at this time of the year. And I would say it's a year that  it's a world that's still fairly dynamic, currency swings. I don't believe they're in the future but then again I'm probably a lousy forecaster of currency swings based on past performance. So I don't know exactly what to expect. I would say that singularly would be the biggest possible impact on moving off the middle of the range either up or down, would be FX, because it affects you the day it happens. Raw materials, we're getting late in the year. They're becoming, frankly, less likely to impact the year dramatically simply because they got to work through inventory on most of the world outside of the U.S. so it just takes a long time for changes there to flow through and hit the P&L at this point in time. And then of course, as I mentioned, we expect an uptick on Energy in the fourth quarter. We think we've got a good handle on that. The majority of it I think we feel is quite secure. But that could slip into the first quarter, pieces of it, and that might have an impact. We don't consider that likely or we wouldn't have kept the forecast, but that's possible.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And, Doug, just on Energy again for next year, I know it's very early, but if we stay in the current crude range, how do you think about top line growth for Energy next year in this current energy price environment?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Our view of next year's Energy market hasn't really changed for a while. I guess we've always foreseen that it's going to stay in this range through 2016. And so our view of how Energy's going to perform next year really hasn't changed. We still see it in mid-single digit growth range next year. It's obviously going to get stronger as the year goes on simply because the first quarter will be the hardest comparison year-on-year and obviously we're more at the ongoing run rate now. But as you annualize through the rig count decline and the modest price pressure that we've had and you continue to gain share as we're doing, we know that with a stable ground we will start showing positive sales growth and we're, at this point, quite confident in that.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will be coming from Mr. Gary Bisbee from RBC Capital Markets. Sir, your line is now open
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, guys. I guess  could I  to follow that last question up, Doug, what do you think are the major puts and takes that we should be thinking about at this point, thinking about 2016? So you just covered Energy, but it seems like the level of synergies from the big acquisitions is likely to be less. What are the other major things we should think about that will impact the pace of growth next? Thanks.
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, Gary, of course, one, we're not in the forecast mode for 2016 but I guess as you play it forward obviously I don't know what the FX world's going to be and the pension world. It would be hard to imagine both working against you next year simply because pensions are going to be interest rate sensitive. Highest interest rates mean lower pension costs and higher interest rates probably mean maybe higher FX. Who knows? We'll see what's built in once the Fed actually makes a move. So it's hard to see them both moving against us. So I would say our guess is that that environment's going to be more favorable, not less favorable, next year as we move into it. But as we look at the momentum that we have broadly in our businesses, we would expect Institutional and Industrial and Other services to continue to perform well. We're doing great in new business, productivity, we continue to add talent; we continue to do the things. We still have lots of cost savings. Europe, as we said, is 100 points a year for the foreseeable future, that's 20 points total, and we would expect to be at least in the 50 basis points to 75 basis points type OI margin leverage next year with what's on our docket, and have better sales growth. And then obviously the business that's going to probably see the most significant change year-on-year would be Energy. And this year we're talking about it being down 3% to 4% and next year we would expect it to be positive in the mid-single digits. So I think when you add that together we feel like we will be in good position. Wild cards are what do we do on M&A and then obviously economy FX and some of the other stuff.
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. And then the follow-up, what has the lag been from Energy falling off to when you really see the raw material prices resetting as you update those contracts, and is it reasonable to think that raws may stay  the benefit may last into a period where Energy is improving? Or has it really been pretty similar as we think about the pace of the last six months, nine months? Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, broadly I guess our view next year is that oil is going to stay in the same range it is now, so we wouldn't expect huge raw material inflation next year based on that. And I think if we're right on Energy we'll be right on the raw material view. In terms of how they move, there may be a lag of a quarter or two at most, but typically they move fairly in concert. It just takes a while for some of these things to run through your P&L at times. We also have contracts which may push off raw material increases forward a couple of quarters as well.
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will be coming from David Ridley-Lane from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Sir, your line is now open.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Sure. So when you talk about flattish operating income in Energy for the full year, will that potentially contemplate a year-over-year margin improvement in the fourth quarter as this cost savings hit the full run rate?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, I mean, I guess for the year if your sales are down and your OI's flat, we would expect to have pretty modest margin improvement as a consequence of that. And, certainly, it's going to be driven by first quarter, fourth quarter offsetting second and third quarter.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Got it. And then within the legacy Europe business, could you just give a quick update on the revenue growth and year-to-date progress on the hundred basis points of margin improvement target?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, I'd say in Europe we're doing well. We had 5% growth in the first quarter. We tried to tell everybody not to expect that for the balance of the year, and I guess we proved ourselves right in the second quarter. We were up about 2% in the second quarter, but we expect still to be 3% to 4% growth for the year. And I would also say we are quite comfortable that we'll be +100 basis points on OI leverage as well for the year. I think all businesses, except Energy, are forecasting a better second half in Europe than first half, and I think based on new business performance and other measures that they've taken that it all adds up to us.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: If I could just sneak one more in. Did you quantify the growth in new business bookings in this quarter?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: No. I don't think we've given a number. We'll give the number out here in a little bit in the broadcast.
David E. Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from John Quealy from Canaccord Genuity. Sir, your line is now open.
John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Good afternoon. First question on Food & Beverage and Institutional, both the best organic growers, can you comment volume versus mix for both of those in a little bit more detail if you could?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, I mean I would say broadly our pricing in all segments in 2015 including year-to-date is very consistent with what we saw last year in 2014. So think 1% pricing roughly, and so in Institutional where we've had like 6% year-to-date roughly, it's going to be 5% and 1%. F&B, also had some acquisition help, they're at about the same camp organically and it's going to be similarly 5% and 1%.
John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And then as a follow-up just in terms of summarizing Energy, would you consider the Q4 sounds like there's some goodness coming back to the business in Q4. Would you characterize that more upstream versus maybe downstream? Thank you. Doug.
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: It's pretty much across the board in the Energy business. So we'll see improvement certainly in downstream, but also in the upstream businesses. Now I want to  catch this. Energy's not going to be back at its expected run rate in the third quarter. This is what I would just call modest improvement, it's what we have forecasted, via if you really will, second and third quarter. So some is seasonality, but the improvement we're forecasting is a little better than you would normally see on seasonality, and really we're talking sequential improvement here.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from Manav Patnaik from Barclays. Sir, your line is now open.
Manav S. Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good afternoon, guys. The one question I want to talk about, I think you mentioned in your concluding remarks but none of this includes M&A. So I just wanted to get an updated view how you are seeing the M&A market? I think early on in the year you talked about valuations not catching up to reality yet. So just curious what your pipeline looks like and what we should expect?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, well, we closed obviously on one transaction in China in a Water business. So that business since it's closed is included in our forecast. And as I mentioned in my earlier remarks, unannounced M&A, which generally means we haven't closed, or haven't closed on it, is not included in here. I guess the best I can say, and I'll give you reason for this, is I feel like we really have got a very good M&A pipeline. I think it's highly likely to bear fruit and start helping us build momentum. With that said, we've got a lot of experience in M&A, and I do personally, and I never really count this stuff until it's closed, because you're always shocked at the ability or the capability for 11th hour surprises. And so I really don't want to forecast. I guess the good news, I think, take our forecast right now as it is. M&A, when it comes, we will make clear what the expected impact on the year will be at the time that we announce any M&A, if we do. And right now, while we like the pipeline, they just aren't closed. And I expect they will, a number will, but it's an impossible thing to predict. So we're telling you not to count on it until it's done.
Manav S. Patnaik - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That's fair enough. And then if I could just get an update. Maybe there's not being a material change, but just on the Healthcare division, you guys were making some changes trying to get that going. Anything to talk about over the last quarter?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: No. I think Healthcare's continuing to perform as we expected this year. It's going to have some quarter anomalies up and down, but for the year we still expect mid-single digit growth from that business. I think they're doing the things that we expect and want them to do. They've done a great job, I think, recasting our program and benefit to acute care. We're getting traction. We're talking to hospitals about things they've not really been talked to before in ways they haven't been talk to before. We're nice, but we are going right after, we think, a very important issue. We're having good reception. We've had some significant sales, i.e., that's why sales have started moving in the right direction. And we expect this to continue to improve, but it's not going to be an overnight sensation. We expect mid-single digits, and we would hope that we would grow faster next year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will be coming from Shlomo Rosenbaum from Stifel. Your line is now open.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Thank you very much for taking my questions. Hey, Doug, I want to change tact a little bit from Energy. But outside Energy, you were expecting that all the units are going to continue to improve through the year. Sitting halfway through the year, do you still expect that? And in general, do you expect all the units will continue to improve year-on-year outside of Energy as we exit the year? In other words, how do you see the momentum in the other businesses going?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, I guess a quick rundown, I'll start with Institutional. Institutional had a strong first half, and we expect them to have an equally strong second half. They're growing 6% in the first half. We expect them to grow 6% in the second half. And that's both global and, that's both U.S. and outside the U.S., crudely. In terms of F&B, that business is, we believe, is going to get stronger as the year progresses. So 5%, 6% is going to turn into 6%, 7% organic, first half to second half. Water, we expect a stronger second half really driven by Light, which we think will be in the 6% to 7% growth range, and Heavy probably around 4% as it's still somewhat dragged down by a sluggish industrial environment. Those are the big businesses. Paper is going to do fine. Other segments, Kay, QSR or FRS, I mean QSR had kind of a blowout second quarter which a lot of it's just timing. We don't expect it to go 14% as our terminal value, but's going to have a very strong year in total.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then just the press release when it talks about getting to the guidance mentioned or discussed some variable compensation, a lower tax rate that wasn't part of the commentary last quarter, from an operational standpoint, do you feel like you're in the same position as you were say a quarter ago to achieve the results? Or am I just reading too much into the commentary there?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: You mean the commentary around variable compensation? The variable compensation, we usually, the only time we, the first time we ever adjust variable compensation is typically in the second quarter. First quarter, it's just, we think, too early to be adjusting the comp. So that's a past practice that I think probably 19 years out of 20 years or nine years out of 10 years is what we follow. There may be extreme years, like 2008 or 2009, where we would change that practice. So the second quarter is just a reflection of that's when we change it. The only thing that got adjusted was a piece of the corporate payout. It really had nothing to do with division payouts which weren't significant and I would just the  we're talking about 10% of the annual bonus being affected. It's not big, big news. And I'd say that's how we've always been structured, meaning we've got a piece of variable comp. We pay well for really good results and we don't pay much for medium results and this year, FX is stronger than we expected. I mean that's the news and we're going to be in mid-single digits, that's not our performance level. And everybody here, not anybody's fault but it doesn't really matter. This is how we roll. So I would say I wouldn't read anything into it. I think that's exactly how this business's performed over the years up and down and we only call that out because it was probably a penny over maybe a normal mover so it's not a huge move.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will be coming from Andy Wittmann from Baird. Sir, your line is now open.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hey, Doug. You've talked in the past about how after several years now of synergies and cost outs from the acquisition you're going to be doing some of the same. You're just not calling them that anymore but you mentioned the 50 basis points to 75 basis points of margin improvement that you think is possible. How much of that is from discrete identifiable actions versus what you'd call normal operating leverage from growth in the business?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, certainly, we count on continued volume growth when we give out that equation so certainly I would say that sort of favorable gravity if you have volume growth going your direction, you're going to have the benefit of some OI leverage as a consequence as long as you keep costs under control, et cetera. So certainly there's a piece of that but then, yeah, there are other discrete actions, that's not going to get you to 50 basis points to 75 basis points. Maybe that'll get you to 25 basis points. We've got Europe which is 20 basis points which is more discrete actions than anything else. Certainly not undone by volume going forward and then there are a number of other areas. I think we've talked in the past that when you do these deals you go after purchasing synergies right away, duplicative G&A right away. The harder things and the things that take more time because typically they're system enabled are, one, things around product supply and you got to be pretty thoughtful. And so we still believe there's room over time in product supply to keep doing this. We've ended up with a large number of plants and we are also always quite cautious in driving synergies before we completely understand and can control the outcome because we don't like to risk sales growth. It's by far the largest value creator and we believe momentum is a commodity that you treat with a lot of respect and don't undo if you can help it. And so there's still plenty of things to be done. I mean if I go around the world in many countries, we still have multiple legal entities simply because we have multiple systems. We're doing the systems work over time, doing it at a pace that we can manage and control and make sure that we don't ever have any announcements about SAP integration hiccups. We've probably in the tenure that I've been here done 40 countries and we've never once mentioned SAP hiccup as a rationale for not delivering and we would expect that over the next 10 years as well. So that's how we think about it but I would just say rest assured there's plenty in our business that remains to be harvested in terms of cost savings and efficiency.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Great. Thank you. I'll leave it there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from Dmitry Silversteyn from Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Good afternoon, Doug, and all of my calls (37:30) have been answered but I do want to follow up on a couple of things. First of all when you look at foreign exchange impact, Doug, can you quantify what it was in the Other segment? I know it's not as international as the others but it looks to me to be above 1% foreign exchange impact, is that correct?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Let us get back. You're right in terms of your theory. It's going to be much less than the others. I mean GCS is only  equipment repair is only in the U.S. and a large part of the Pest business is in the U.S. so we'll get back to you with that one.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: Hey, Dmitry, if you just look at the press release, we show the public rate and the fixed rate.
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: (38:16). It'd be...
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. I got it. Thanks.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: It's de minimis (38:18)
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: ...looks like 1% (38:18)
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: That's helpful. Secondly, if you look at the margin expansion that you're delivering in the Institutional business, it's pretty impressive and actually we're seeing a little bit of a momentum build here in the second quarter versus the first quarter. Is it a function of volume growth or mix or cost removal, or is it  how much of that is raw material benefit? I'm just trying to figure out almost a step change that you're undergoing here, sort of what's behind it in terms of buckets of magnitude?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, I would say, one, we'd expect the Institutional rate to be better full year than last year certainly. But I wouldn't start drawing straight lines into the sky from Q1 to Q2 as we move forward. So the things that are driving it broadly are certainly innovation, cost savings, they're getting leverage with volume. And then you've got this pricing raws formula where we continue to, what I would say, is pick up from past raw movements that went against us, but you also have some quarter timing in here and some other stuff. So while Institutional margins I would expect to continue to improve moving forward, I don't want to oversell the change from quarter one to quarter two.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from Mike Ritzenthaler from Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Mike Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray & Co: Yeah, good morning. Just a couple of follow-ups from previous questions. On the momentum behind the Global Institutional business, in particular, it seems like  and Doug, just based on your previous answer there  raw materials versus new business wins, things like that, I'm curious about the cadence of that business, of I guess Specialty, in particular, but also Institutional in 3Q and 4Q just in terms of reasonableness. You said that they're going to improve but just kind of wondering what some goalposts are for that business in 3Q and 4Q.
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, let me talk top line and then I'll talk bottom line. So top line, really broadly in that segment I would expect the second half a lot like  the Institutional business, second half a lot like first half, which was strong. I would say going beyond this year one of the great benefits that we have in the Institutional business is we have significant upside potential outside of the U.S. while we continue to drive the U.S. So I think that business has got a lot of legs and will continue to grow. In terms of the other Institutional businesses, in particular Kay and the like, they had a very, very strong second quarter. So while they're going to have a good year that business can be lumpy as they have rollouts, which pops up a quarter, they roll against them the next year, for the year they're going to be in good shape and so we feel good about that as well. And then when you look at OI growth, across I would think  that business will continue to perform. We would expect in total to have year-on-year improvement in margin as we go forward. And I would put that  like we expect for the company overall, in the hundred basis point area.
Mike Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray & Co: Okay. That's super helpful. Just another follow-up on Q4 and Energy, you had mentioned cost savings and synergies, which I think you've done a great job of articulating what those should be. The new innovation driven sales, I'm wondering if there is any other detail that you can provide, maybe based on other product introductions that you've done in the past. This is certainly a challenging environment to be introducing new products but maybe just a little bit more granularity around your visibility there and maybe based on recent product introductions.
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, is this  I'm sorry. Innovation, broadly? Innovation in Energy, specifically?
Mike Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray & Co: In Energy specifically. You called out cost savings and then innovation as kind of the two drivers for Q4.
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, we're not going to get into a bunch of specifics, but I would say we feel really good coming into the year about our innovation pipeline for Energy. There was a bunch of technologies that we've been working on. We're trying to do what many other people are doing, which is one, reduce the amount of water it takes to either do floods or fracs, make sure that the efficacy of those floods and fracs are more efficacious than they were before, i.e. produce more. There were a number of technologies that we were working on to do that based on learnings that we had. We have launched these technologies, they've had successful field trials. We've now secured business and are in the process of rolling some out. And while I would agree with you, I would say downturns, you don't have the same volume leverage or opportunity near-term when you're rolling out innovation in downturns. But often, you've got more openness to looking at how technology can change economic outcomes when customers are in pressured situations. So while adoption in Energy generally is relatively slow, I might argue that this can accelerate some adoptions simply because people are looking for new ways to do things to enhance the economics of the industry overall. So, I think best is going into (44:26) energy specific, but we've had a number of very strong uptakes here. And so, as I mentioned earlier, I think what we're talking about sequentially from Q3 to Q4, the planned uptick. We feel very certain about the money coming in, so it's not really an if, it's always a win. And I would say we feel quite certain about the majority of it, but you're never completely certain about all of it. And I'm really not trying to send any big news here; this is true in every one of our businesses by the way. But I'd say based on the pipeline and what we see, what we've done in terms of securing the business, the CapEx that is being deployed that was frankly undertaken several years ago. I think we've really got a handle on what's going on in that business and we do believe that after second and third quarter we'll start see improvement moving forward.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will be coming from John Roberts from UBS. Sir, your line is now open.
John E. Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Good afternoon. Maybe I missed it, but in the discussion on Food & Beverage you're talking about offset market headwinds in North America and Europe where lower volumes have continued to impact sales. I can see individual customers going up and down and so forth, but I would've thought the Food & Beverage market is relatively stable overall?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, certainly food consumption is relatively stable overall and obviously you've got changes in what people buy, but you've had a lot of consolidation in both Europe and North America as Food plants are consolidated, like taken off-line. So when we talk about the Food & Beverage market, we're talking about our market i.e. selling hygiene and food safety solutions into those markets. We've been through this before, so it's not new news. I'd say in spite of that, organically the Food & Beverage business globally had 5% growth and we're looking for organic growth to pick up to the 6% to 7% range in second half. So we're not trying to call out that there's any major concern here, it's just something that we've got to continue to fight through.
John E. Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, and then in the M&A area, not in your business particularly, but there's an awful lot of transatlantic deal activity underway given foreign exchange rates and cheap interest rates in Europe. Is your M&A pipeline tilted at all to take advantage of that?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, I would say our M&A pipeline reflects the global business that we are. So there are opportunities in a number of our businesses and a number of them are outside of the U.S.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from Mike Harrison from Global Hunter Securities. Sir, your line is now open.
Michael J. Harrison - Global Hunter Securities LLC: Hi, good afternoon. Doug, I was wondering if you could talk in a little more detail about the outlook on your Industrial business and specifically any concerns that are slowing in China, or demand reset out of China could impact your Paper or Water business.
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, I guess you know. Here's our China business. Our experience in China was that the real slowdown began a year ago. As we talked last year in the third and fourth quarter, our businesses exposed to the Industrial side of China flowed in the second half of last year. So in many ways we're going to start lapping an easier base starting in this quarter, third quarter. So, China, I think when you look at the business, let's take the first half this year. We had continued pressure in the Industrial exposed segments: Steel, Mining, Power, Paper. But Institutional: F&B, Pest, Whitewater were quite strong in aggregate, double digit. In total, China had very good profit in the first quarter as that team's done a good job working margins and we continue to grow and add volume to the plant that we put in just several years ago, so we're seeing all the positives from that. Second half, we expect stronger organic sales growth in China, so in first quarter it was negative 1% combined, second quarter was positive 1%. I wouldn't call it a huge turnaround. So relatively flat in the first half but in the second half we would expect, I would call low to mid-single digit organic sales growth organically. Then when you add the Jianghai acquisition that we made in Water, the China results will be more in the double-digit area in the second half as a consequence of low to mid-single digit organic plus the acquisition. So I don't think China's going to be a negative story for us. It's not going to be the standout story like 15% growth that it was for a number of years, but I don't think that's going to be one of our big issues.
Michael J. Harrison - Global Hunter Securities LLC: All right. And if I look at the Energy business and the talk there is about deferrals or delays in some of the big offshore and oilsands CapEx, you mentioned your outlook for 2016 looks like mid-single digit growth. But can we get back to the 6% to 8% plus top line growth without that big CapEx, or does it look more like a mid-single digit grower as you look out to 2020?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, I'd say certainly by 2020 we would anticipate we'll be back in high single digit, low double-digit range because our belief is that there will be a correction in that business by 2020. Now what year is it? I guess we've said it's not 2015 and not 2016, so at least the range is narrowing. I would say a couple of things. Yeah, this is what happens, right? Right now this is oversupply. Demand hasn't really been  there's not been demand destruction. It's been oversupply. And so people aren't funding new CapEx because new supply isn't warranted. This ultimately will lead to a reduction in supply because old wells come off and they're not being replaced at the same rate with new wells and this will trigger a price change which will ultimately trigger more CapEx. And I would say our business is principally production phase, which is why it doesn't move in such wild gyrations. But with that said, yeah, ultimately if you told me there's going to be no new CapEx in this business for 20 years I would say ultimately that's going to hurt production. But that just doesn't make any sense given other beliefs. And so I think what you'll see is a natural evolution of things in this market. We don't see 2016 being materially different than 2015. Our results will be different simply because we're lapping a different base and the base is fairly solid, so the new business that we are gaining will start showing up in the results, i.e. when you compare it to 2015. So I think we're pretty confident about how we're viewing this market. But yeah, the Energy business is still a really attractive business and we think we'll be back to the type of results that we saw before.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will be coming from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli from Gabelli and Company. Ma'am, your line is open.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Doug, I was wondering if you could give us a little more detail on Jianghai? You have given us $90 million in revenues but nothing else. Can you share their profitability? Can you share some of their product lines? And are they the reason for the higher other minority interest, since you have a majority ownership but don't own the full thing?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: No, we didn't own Jianghai long enough in the first half or second quarter to have any impact at all there. So no, it had nothing  NCI (53:04) is principally Energy and it's the money that goes to your JV partners, where we have them. And that's basically the reconciling column for joint ventures. Jianghai is principally focused in heavy categories. It's got very good margins. They run a very good business. They run a model not very dissimilar from the model that we run around the world in our Water business. All of these reasons were the reasons why we are attracted to the business. We bring over additional what I would call management competency and know-how into our business. And so our really plan with this business is, one, like we do with most. First rule is do no harm but we are going to operate the business but with current management as we watch and learn and figure out what we can also apply broadly to our Other business. This increases our footprint. I think at an attractive time because as I mentioned earlier, a lot of the Industrial slowdown, at least the part that we're exposed to, really started a year ago. So we're a ways through this in terms of what China has got to do to I think kind of right side, its supply side.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: What kind of growth rate can we expect? I mean there is obviously a lot of water treatment necessary whether it is for waste or growing industries in China. So what kind of a growth rate can we expect from that particular business going forward?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: I would say our expectation in that business is for the next few years it's going to be in upper single digits and then as you get what I would call sort of China getting more in balance in terms of capacity in some of the heavy industrials, I think that business will start taking off faster from there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from P.J. Juvekar from Citi. Your line is now open.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Doug, your QSR was up 11%. I know you said it's lumpy but still nice growth. Are you positioned with the right customers within QSR that allow you to show solid growth? Can you just talk about your split of your customer base?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, I think the best way to think about QSR is, it's two worlds. You've got continued expansion outside of the U.S. Principally, growth there is going to be as we grow with our customers as they expand and we continue to gain new customers. So kind of a traditional story. If you look in the U.S. which is a huge piece of that business, both the market and frankly our business, we think we're positioned with the right ones. Our customers, I mean, that industry is going to go through a lot of change and a lot of it's externally driven. So certainly it's customer preference, which they're all going to react to. I will say all these customers have been written off in the past and they all have been very good and I believe will be going forward into figuring out what the right formula is to appeal to that day's clientele. But the second internal impact affecting them is the one that probably is more germane to us and that is increased labor costs, the pressure broadly on raising minimum wages and then the $15 mandate that you're starting to see in some cities coupled with ACA, and there is going to be, I mean, they're not going to have any choice. A lot of the owner operators and franchisees are going to have to take out labor. If labor's going to go up that dramatically, their profit margins aren't such where they can pay those labor rates and so they're going to reduce labor, how are they going to do it? They're going to put in labor-saving technology. So certainly some of the front of the house stuff, whether it be order boards and the like aren't going to have a big impact on us but in the back of the house, dish machines are going to become much more prevalent, we believe in that industry over time. We're starting to see it now because they want to take the labor required to wash dishes manually and displace it with mechanized warewashing. There are other machines, i.e., floor scrubbers and the like which we believe are going to be much more prevalent going forward than you saw in the past because the math equations just frankly change in terms of does it make sense to invest in that capital or in that expense going forward. And that I think we're in great position to help them manage through that change and that's how we're working with it. What specific needs do they have? How do we customize the equipment to work with that need? How do we get the economic formula to work for them in the way that they need it to work given the environment they're in? I mean we're doing all these things, which is what you do as you partner with customers over time and I think a big part of the solution is going to be from us.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you for that. And then looking at Water, 3D TRASAR seems to be doing well in the hotel, healthcare and universities. How much of your Water growth is driven by 3D TRASAR and equipment sales?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: I don't know that I got the exact percent of what the absolute growth is. I mean, 3D TRASAR was one of the jewels, we got many of them, in the Nalco acquisition. And you're right. I mean, we are deploying this technology broadly. We're working, if you will, to de-cost it so that we can use it in Institutional applications. Also, it's not a specific product, as you well know, but it's a program that includes control systems and products that specifically run through it, because you need specific products to be measured by the 3D controller. So it's really an enabler for us to go drive growth going forward. So I guess it's central and important, but I don't have a specific like what percent of the sales growth comes from 3D.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from Bob Koort from Goldman Sachs. Sir, your line is now open.
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks very much. I guess I need to work on my queuing skills, because I've lost the hour, and all my questions have been asked. But I would like to applaud Mike and the team for putting out a much more helpful Quarterly Report. We really appreciate that. Thanks.
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Well, I'll let Mike say thanks back.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: Thank you, Bob. Appreciate it.
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question will be coming from Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer. Sir, your line is now open.
Scott A. Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks. I appreciate you guys getting me in at the end. Just a couple quick ones. Within Energy, do you mind breaking out what well stimulation growth is versus production and downstream? I ask this in light of you mentioning that there's some new business bookings and wins. I'm just curious where those are contributing and what the overall of the net down this year 3%, 4%, 5% is going to be?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: Yeah, I mean, the real whole volume degradation is the majority of it is occurring in WellChem, which is down like 30% in the quarter, which is about where we thought we would end up, maybe a month or two earlier than when we started the year. So that's where the volume is. The other businesses are growing. Outside the U.S. in total, the business is growing mid-teens. So the Energy market, the real pressure is specifically in the U.S. market, and specifically around where you had a lot of drilling activity previously, which has just come to a halt. And so it's very specific the pace (1:01:29). And we're seeing it, Whitney's (1:01:30) seeing it, I think managing through it quite well.
Scott A. Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks. And just my other one real quick. You've kind of covered this already, Doug, when you touched on Industrial in China. But in North America, there's some concern that the economy's slowing, the industrial economy's slowing. It sounds like you're still pretty confident for the back half. But just curious if you could go a level deeper into some of the subsectors. Are there any signs of weakness you're seeing because it sounds you're pretty confident otherwise?
Douglas M. Baker - Ecolab, Inc.: I'm a little bit, I've got to say that I never saw the huge signs of strength. I don't think the second half is going to be materially different, at least from our vantage point than the first half in the U.S. And, there's been industrial pressure in the U.S. for the last year. So, it hadn't been as severe as China. But broadly, we felt some pressure in our heavy water business, which has been steel. Obviously, overcapacity in China begets challenges around the world in steel. And so steel's been under pressure everywhere. Mining's been under pressure everywhere. And I think we'll continue to see those. I think that's really the experience. So why are we confident? Because I think it's basically in our business, and what we see is right now share gains taking hold because I think we've seen kind of the leveling of the Industrial production, at least the part we're exposed to in the U.S., and we feel like the share gain that we've made is going to start taking root. And we don't have any monster forecast in the second half like huge improvement planned.
Operator: Thank you. And that does it for our question-and-answer. And now I'll turn the call back over to Mr. Monahan for closing comments.
Michael J. Monahan - Ecolab, Inc.: That wraps it up for our second quarter conference call. This call, the associated slides and discussion will be available for replay on our website. So thanks for your time today and your participation. Our best wishes for the rest of the day.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-28 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Monahan - SVP, External Relations Doug Baker - CEO
Analysts: Mike Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Nate Brochmann - William Blair Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank David Ridley - Lane with Banc of America Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital Laurence Alexander - Jefferies John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity Mike Harrison - Global Hunter Securities John McNulty - Credit Suisse John Roberts - UBS Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research Bob Koort - Goldman Sachs Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Co Andy Wittmann - Baird Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer
Operator: Welcome to the Ecolab First Quarter 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now Id like to turn over the call to Mr. Michael Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Monahan: Thank you. Hello everyone and welcome to Ecolabs First Quarter Conference Call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolabs Chairman and CEO. A copy of our earnings release and the accompanying slides are referenced in this teleconference are available on Ecolabs Website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements on Slide 2, stating that this teleconference and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Form 10-K under Item 1A, Risk Factors, in our first quarter earnings release and on Slide 2. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with an overview on Slide 3, strong new account growth and new product introductions drove a solid fixed currency sales increase in the first quarter. We leveraged that growth along with pricing, delivered product cost savings and our ongoing synergy and cost efficiency work to more than offset headwinds and increase our adjusted operating margins. These along with a lower tax rate and fewer shares outstanding drove an attractive adjusted earnings per share increase. Looking ahead, we expect 2015 to be another year of superior growth despite mixed macroeconomic and market trends, as well as substantially unfavorable currency exchange and pension costs. Were seeing better sales growth in our institutional, other and industrial segments primarily resulting from internal work weve undertaken to improve our effectiveness. In addition North America restaurant trends are showing gradual improvement. Lower oil prices have yielded lower delivered product costs, while also slowing our energy segment. Net we continue to look for a strong profit growth in the mid to high-teens before currency and pension effects. The dollar has strengthened since the last call and we now expect currency exchange will be an unfavorable $0.30 per share. With pension and unfavorable $0.09 per share, currency and pension will represent a combined unfavorable impact of nearly $0.40 per share in 2015 or $0.09 or our EPS and 10 percentage points of EPS growth. Weve adjusted our 2015 forecast to reflect the increased headwind from currency exchange in energy markets and now look for 6% to 10% EPS growth for the full year to the 4.45 per share to 4.60 per share range as continued good fixed currency sales growth, appropriate pricing, delivered product cost savings, innovation and synergies more than offset 2015s increased challenges. We expect to show 2% to 8% adjusted earnings gain in the second quarter as currency alone represents an estimated $0.08 per share which is $0.04 more than the first quarter impact. Moving to some highlights from the first quarter and as discussed on our press release, reported first quarter earnings per share were $0.77. On an adjusted basis excluding special gains and charges and discreet tax items from both years, first quarter 2015 earnings per share increased 8% to a record $0.80 despite a $0.06 headwind from the currencies and pension. The adjusted earnings per share growth was driven by volume, appropriate pricing, synergies, new products and the lower tax rate and share count. Our fixed currency acquisition adjusted sales growth was solid rising 4% and was led by our global institutional, other and industrial segments as each improved over its fourth quarter and 2014 growth rates. Latin America and Middle-East led the regional growth, while Europe growth also improved. Adjusted fixed currency operating income grew 7% and we expanded our operating margins by 30 basis points. We also continue to make key investments in the drivers for our future growth. We remain on plan to achieve our Nalco and Champion synergy targets and our Europe margins are on track for further strong expansion this year. In addition, were underway with our $1 billion share repurchase and bought nearly 3 million shares in the first quarter. Looking ahead, energy markets and some regional economies will present challenges in 2015 and the headwinds from currency exchange have only increased since we reported the last quarter. However, we also expect favorable tailwinds from lower oil cost to benefit our more consumer facing customers and we are realizing raw material savings that should improve in subsequent quarters. In this mixed environment, we will drive new business gains and lower costs as we maximize the benefits and minimize the challenges in 2015. We will once again use our product innovation and service strengths to help customers get better results and lower operating cost and through these drive new account gains across all of our segments. We expect the second quarter 2015 to show further solid fixed currency sales growth and margin improvement from our institutional, other and industrial segments as they more than offset lower energy results. Second quarter adjusted EPS is expected to increase 2% to 8% to the $1.05 to $1.11 range as the unfavorable currency impact increases by approximately $0.04 in the quarter and we compare against last years very strong second quarter when adjusted EPS grew 20% and was $1.03 per share. We look for the second half to show better gains as our institution, industrial and other segment sales continue to lead top-line growth. Delivered product cost savings should nearly double versus the first half and along with synergies and cost efficiencies lead to further margin expansion and yield the better EPS gains. We adjusted our forecast for the full year 2015 to reflect the increased headwinds from currency exchange in energy markets. We now look for 6% to 10% EPS growth to the 4.45 per share to 4.60 per share range with that wider than normal range reflecting the dynamic currency and commodity markets. In summary, we believe our first quarter performed very well despite very challenging conditions. We continue to expect 2015 to show strong operating performance for the company, despite the challenges in energy and to more than offset the increased drag on EPS growth from currencies and pension. We remain confident in our business, our markets and our people as well as our capacities to meet our aggressive growth objectives over the coming years, while also delivering attractive returns in 2015. Slide 4 shows our first quarter results both as reported and with adjustments for special gains and charges, while Slide 5 shows our sales growth detail. Ecolabs consolidated fixed currency sales for the first quarter increased 4%. Acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales also rose 4%. Looking at the growth components, volume and mix increased 3% and pricing rose 1%. Currency was a negative 5% and acquisitions and divestitures were not significant. Reported fixed currency sales for the global industrial segment rose 5%. Adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures, sales increased 3%. First quarter fixed currency global food and beverage sales increased 6%. Adjusted for acquisitions, fixed currency sales grew 4%. Food and beverage growth was primarily driven by share gains and we use them to more than offset generally weak volumes. We enjoyed good growth in agri and food and beverage and modest sales gains in dairy and food. Regionally, we saw solid gains in Latin America, Middle-East Africa, Europe and Asia Pacific with modest growth in North America. Food and beverage continues to drive sales growth using its Total Plant Assurance approach to customers, in which we combine our industry-leading Cleaning & Sanitizing, Water Treatment and Pest Elimination capabilities to deliver improved food safety results, lower operating costs and better product quality assurance for our customers. This is enabled us to win business with key global customers and offset difficult conditions in our North America and Europe market, where lower volumes have to impact sales.  Looking ahead, we expect improved organic sales growth in the second quarter. We look for further benefits from growth synergies, better customer penetration and new business capture, as well as leverage from our innovation pipeline, including 3D TRASAR for cleaning plate systems in food and beverage plants to more than offset continued tough industry conditions. Fixed-currency water sales grew 5%. Adjusted for acquisitions water sales grew 3%. Fixed-currency acquisition adjusted water sales excluding mining grew 4% as good gain in the power and light industries were partially offset year weak steel industry demand. Acquisition adjusted fixed-currency mining sales were flat. Regionally, we saw strong growth in Latin America and Middle East Africa, modest growth in Europe and North America and a modest decline in Asia-Pacific sales. The introduction of 3D TRASAR for hotel and other institutional cooling systems, utilizing solid chemistry and advanced dispensing is going well. We also continue to drive better penetration in our other water markets, using our innovative solutions to optimize water usage. We remain focused on building our corporate account and enterprise sales teams, delivering our growth synergies and improving product innovation to drive revenues. We expect to show improving growth through 2015 as market share gains drive our heavy and light businesses to outperform soft end-markets. First quarter fixed-currency paper sales grew 2%. Latin America recorded strong growth. Elsewhere we saw overall modest gains with slight improvement in North America and lower sales in Europe and Asia-Pacific resulting from continued low customer plan utilization and extended customer shutdowns and slowdowns. We expect paper to show to modest growth in 2015 as we drive new business and technology penetration to augment stabilizing paper market conditions. Fixed-currency sales for the Global Institutional segment rose 6%. Adjusted for divestitures sales were grew 7%. Turning to the businesses that make up the segment, fixed-currency sales growth for the Institutional business grow 6%. Adjusted for small divestiture in your sales grew strong 7%. We saw further good growth in global lodging demand, but also positive signs in North America food service foot traffic. Another regional food service foot traffic trends remain steady. Looking at our regional sales, we continue to outperform our markets. We record strong sales growth in North America, North America, Asia-Pacific and Middle East Africa. Europe also improved reporting a moderate sales gain. Sales initiatives targeting new customers along with the effective product and service programs appropriate pricing drive our results. We continue to globalize our leading technologies as we rollout our next generation laundry platform in Europe this year. Our work to standardize global competencies and initiative is going well and theyre helping to drive our sales improvements. Were also focus on strength in our execution and delivering increase customer value with solutions that reduce their water, energy and labor costs. With the work on our business fundamentals yielding good results and with end market study to improving, we look for further solid sales growth in the second quarter and for the full year. First quarter sales for specially grew 8% in fixed currencies. Quick service sales were solid as new account, increase service coverage and additional solutions leverage generally modest industry trends to drive growth. Regionally, Europe quick service sales grew double-digits benefiting from new accounts and additional customer solutions. While Asia-Pacific also show strong gains billing on good quick service foot traffic growth North America sales rose modestly. The food retail business posted solid double-digit sales growth benefiting from international customer additions, new products and increased penetration in North America. We look for good sales growth again in the second quarter, especially works to deliver another solid performance in 2015. Fixed currency global healthcare sales increased 5%. Sales gains were driven by new account growth, better penetration and new product introductions. We continued our work to strengthen our corporate accounts approach and our integrated value proposition, as well as better focused on product portfolio. We believe we are on the right track and look for core global healthcare sales to show moderate growth in the second quarter and the full year.  First quarter fixed-currency Energy segment sales rose 1%. Looking at the components our upstream business rose modestly as the decline in North America results was offset by very strong international performance. The downstream business saw a good growth also led by strong international sales and share gains in North America.  First quarter results reflected North American drilling and well completion activity that felled much faster than once than while we expected while production gains were steady. Downstream growth stayed solid worldwide.  Looking ahead, we now expect energy segment sales for the full year 2015 to show a low single digit decline primary reflecting faster than expected reduction in North American drilling activity and customer spending reductions. We expect that second quarter and second half energy segment sales to decline in the mid single digit range as good international growth, ongoing share gains and solid downstream sales are more than offset by lower North American upstream activity and price decreases. We expect a very challenging year particularly in the North American upstream industry. We are very experienced team in place. They have remained aggressive using our industry leading product innovation and outstanding sales and service team to drive sales and share growth and they will use this period to strengthen our position. We continue to remain confident in our energy segment and its long term growth prospects.  Sales for other segment increased 6%. Fixed-currency Global Pest sales increased 7% in the first quarter. Adjusted for acquisitions, fixed currency sales grew 6%. Sales to Food & Beverage customers and restaurants once again led the growth. We enjoyed sales gain in all regions. We continue to drive market penetration using innovative service offerings and technologies. We also showed further progress in globalizing our market focus capabilities and field technologies. We expect Global Pest sales to show further good growth in the second quarter led by gains in all markets.  Equipment Care sales grew 7% in the first quarter. New customer additions continued at a solid rate and productivity improvements from our technology investments and strengthened execution work continue to pay off. With solid underlying business growth trends expected to continue, we look for Equipment Care to show upper single digit growth in the second quarter and expect a strong second half. Slide 6 of our presentation shows selected income statement items. First quarter gross margins were 46.5%. On adjusted for special charges first quarter 2015 gross margins were also 46.5% and rose 80 basis points above last year. The improvement resulted from volume and pricing gains, lower raw material cost, merger synergies and cost efficiencies. SG&A expenses represented 34.5% of our first quarter sales. The SG&A ratio increased 40 basis points versus last year. The increase primarily reflected the impact of higher pension expense investments in the business. Consolidated operating income margins were 11.8% adjusted for special charges fixed currency operating income margins with 12% raising 30 basis points over the last years comparable margins. Sales volume appropriate pricing, cost savings and efficiency improvements as well as merger synergies more than offset, higher pension cost and investments in the field sales force and the business.  Fixed Currency operating income for global industry increased 5%. Acquisition adjusted operating income grew 4% and margins rose 10 basis points, pricing, volume gains, lower delivered product cost and cost efficiencies more than offset paper business exchanges.  Fixed Currency operating income for Global Industrial increased 12% and margin expanded 80 basis points. Results benefited from volume gains pricing and cost efficiencies which more than offset business investments. Fixed currency global energy operating income increased 1% and margins were steady. Flattish volume, lower pricing and business investments were offset by lower delivered product cost synergies and cost savings.  Fixed Currency operating income for the other segment increased 9% and margins expanded 40 basis points. improved operating results more than offset business investments and higher cost. The corporate segment and tax rates are discussed the press release. We repurchased approximately 2.9 million shares during the first quarter. The net of this performance is that Ecolab reported first quarter diluted earnings per share of $0.77 compared with $0.62 reported a year ago. When adjusted for special gains and charges and discrete tax items in both years, adjusted earnings increased 8% to $0.80 when compared with $0.74 earned a year ago. Turning to Slide 7 and looking at Ecolabs balance sheet, net debt to total capital is 50% with net debt to adjusted EBITDA at 2.4 times. Slight increase in the net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio from year end 2014 primarily reflects the first quarter share repurchase. First quarter cash flow from operations reflects the normal seasonal pattern of our business where in we typically see low income and smaller cash flow in the first half with both of them stronger in the second half. Looking ahead, and as outlined in Slide 8 we will take aggressive actions in 2015 to drive both our top and bottom lines. We will work to leverage the benefits and offset the challenges of lower oil prices as we capture the lower raw material cost, leverage the expected consumer spending tailwind and gain share in the Energy markets. We will also continue to drive organic growth through further cooperate account wins, stepped up innovation work and improve field productivity. We still expect a very strong operating performance in 2015 showing our business balance that more than offset substantial headwinds from currency in pension.  We expect our second quarter to show good Fixed Currency sales growth with currency negative impacting reported sales by about 6 percentage points. we look forward second quarter earnings to increase 2% to 8% to the $0.05 to $0.11 as currency becomes increasingly unfavorable with currency pension combining for a negative impact of $0.10 or approximately 10% of second quarter earnings growth. Further the second quarter will also compare against a very strong period last year when adjusted earnings per share rose 20% to $1.03.  As mentioned earlier, we adjusted our full year outlook while we continue to expect high teens earnings growth before currency and pension. We now look for 6% to 10% EPS growth for the full year in 4.45 to 4.60 per share range as continued good fixed currency sales growth appropriate pricing delivered product cost savings, innovations in synergies more than offset the increased headwinds from currencies pension and energy.  In summary, once again we delivered on our forecast in the first quarter with a solid fixed currency sales gain and continued margin improvement while offsetting market and currency challenges and investing in our future. We have our work cut out for us in 2015, but we are well positioned and well prepared to outperform once again and deliver another superior performance for shareholders this year and for the years ahead. And now here is Doug Baker with some comments.
Doug Baker: Thanks Mike and hello to everybody. So, my headline for the quarter in the year would be our underlying business performance was very good and its getting better. So all segments are growing share, all segments are executing very well, we had record new business in the quarter and that follows a huge year last year, weve got excellent innovation programming in almost every business all segments have strengthened their teams that are doing the things they need to do built the culture. In all segments were accelerating from Q1 versus Q4 with the exception of energy. So, whats new in the forecast, I guess I would point out three things.  Number one; the energy markets are clearly more challenging than previously anticipated. Rigs of our declined further and faster rig counts in North America in particular, were not expecting energy to show a modest decrease on the top line any flat to modest increase on the bottom line for the year. Offsetting the energy news, now its a equally or more important is affect that the balance of our business will do better than originally forecasted. Were capturing the raw materials saving driven by lower oil with benefiting from improved institutional markets driven by cheaper gasoline, beyond the plus side of the oil impact were also seeing as previously mentioned business acceleration or emerging markets were up double digits Europe top line accelerated was up 5%, 3% without energy. There is a lot of good news in our businesses around the globe.  Our EPS delivery promote businesses at fixed rate remains at 15% which is exactly what our forecast was last call. The major optic impact the third if you will piece of news is really FX. And so this certainly colors a result, but I dont believe this is a strategic issue for our business because most of our cost are incurred in the selling currency, but this does not dictate our competitiveness when we compete around the world. I also believe based on history its almost certainly going to reverse itself someday. Well probably all enjoy that.  The perspective in our forecast FX is a $0.30 hit for the year or 7% that is $0.04 worse than the last call. The perspective around $0.30 this is 40 times worse than our 10 year average move, so this is truly outsize it is 3x worse than our next highest impact over the last 10 years. So I think its hard to wrap minds around this. Weve been dealing with this for a while and it certainly has a big impact on how results look. The important thing is that we want to continue to focus on what we need to do to drive our business, drive value and drive returns. And as our FX forecast implies, I think the team is doing a lot of good things.  At constant FX, our new forecast is 14% to 17% adjusted EPS that compares to the last forecast of 14 to 19, net we trim the top that really reflects the belief that we arent going to see any material improvement in our markets in time to impact this year. So we do anticipate the mid to upper-teen performance ex-FX. Clearly I think the team is doing a right stop to focus on the things to drive value and returns. They all will renew business. They all will renew innovation. We know these are the two drivers of organic sales acceleration and thats a primary driver of improved returns.  Were doing a great job on team and talent building. Well continue to invest in both and we continue to make sizable investments in process and system improvements which we know are key to our long term health. So we continue to be well positioned. We continue to build market position. I feel great about our ability to delivery another strong year, while improving ability of the business to perform over the long haul. So with that, Im going to turn it back to Mike and then well go to Q&A.
Michael Monahan: Thanks Doug. A final note before we start Q&A. We plan to hold our annual tour of our booth at the National Restaurant Association Show in Chicago on May 18th. Looking further ahead, we also plan to hold our 2015 Investor Day in Saint Paul on September 10. If you have any questions, please contact my office. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, please begin the question and answer period.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] We ask that you limit yourself to one question and a brief related follow up question per caller, so that others will have a chance to participate. First question comes from Mike Ritzenthaler with Piper Jaffray.
MikeRitzenthaler: Doug just wanted to drill little bit more into the new business wins on the sustained good growth within institutional. Is there a way to parse out the things like new product launches and account wins versus end market health? From your prepared comments it seems like 2015 is setting up for a healthy pace of account wins after a very productive 2014.
Doug Baker: Yes in our institutional business in the segment there are other businesses besides institutional grew 7% in the quarter and clearly I would say I think like a point of the acceleration is probably just market improvement as a consequence of lower gasoline particularly in the U.S. where its fully reflected because currency hasnt eroded simultaneously. And I would say though the other acceleration and youve seen steady acceleration quarter by quarter for the last five plus quarters is really a consequence of continued driving  I mean continually driving new business performance. Last year I think we talked about when we looked at net new business gains when you look at on annualized contribution we were up 45% versus the prior year. I mean we glued out of the water institutional is one of the real leaders in that whole area. Were up another 10% cumulatively in the first quarter versus last, thats netting our losses, so weve really I think done a very good job there, but clearly we are gaining share. I think itd be hard to argue that the food service and hospitality businesses are growing at 7%. So we are I think outperforming. Europe grew an institutional roughly 3% when it controlled for divestitures almost in every market we see real strength.
MikeRitzenthaler: Okay. Thats helpful. And then on energy, if the business slow and faster than expected would that not also mean that potentially and recovery in growth to mid-single-digit growth or happen faster as well. So we can look at the potential for that business into 2016s for all obviously with the -- that weve got a stable energy price environment?
Doug Baker: Yeah, I mean I guess, you would certainly argue that the first quarter basis a little easier that we have forecasted previously. So I think I would speak to, if you think oil is going to stay in the same range as it is now through 16, which is what our assumption is. And we think energy next year recovers in this call it mid, its mid-single-digit growth and thats going to be accelerating throughout the year.
Operator: Next question comes from Nate Brochmann with William Blair.
Nate Brochmann: Hello everyone. Just a follow-up and just a little bit more basically on the last question. In terms of the new business wins and obviously again great performance their. But you guys have always been great at going after business wins and the new product introductions et cetera and obviously Europe is doing well on that front as well. Is there any tricks or any differences in terms of whats going to on today versus what youve done in terms of great performance over last X number of years. In terms of why this could be a permanent infection point or why this is accelerating at such the rate is it. Changing customer behavior is it a better understanding the value proposition or is it internal tricks that youve made in the selling approach?
Doug Baker: Well, I think is a couple of things, a lot of new touch on. But I guess, I would highlight one of the things that we said we want to drive when we bought the WPS business was really leveraging Ecolabs now how on enterprise selling in that market. That business and team done a lot of really solid things weve obviously stole in a lot of their processes and apply them our businesses, but one of the things that we wanted to transfer, if you will 1 WPS was the enterprise selling, view, skills and focus that we have an F&B institutional --. And I think were doing a very good job of doing that, weve taken a number of their top sales people, were taking them through the same skill development that weve taken Ecolab both through the years, but we have a broader based. So thats one and I would say weve done better on training and better on fundamentals. Second is innovation and so a lot of the things that weve been working on over the last five to seven years that are now -- are really getting innovation with a very sharp point and that point is we will give you world class results but were do it and reduce energy and water footprint. And that resonate Id say in good and bad time, Id say every business is got pretty aggressive sustainability goals, we can help need those while delivering cost savings and continued to their foot safety and/or efficacy performance objectives and thats become I think even more relevant particularly the new types of environment where weve got water scarcity energy concerns and like around the world.
Nate Brochmann: And just I mean what that mean that like with California going throughout the draw out issues is that been extra area of growth for you to kind of reinforce step point?
Doug Baker: Yes, without a doubt, weve got a team of over a 1,000 California focus right now and delivering our world class water technology solutions throughout the industries that we serves, I don't and care if its light industry like hospitality or light manufacturing all the way to heavy industries. We are all over the situation there. The edit from governor ground or the 25% savings, its really focused on 25% of the water users, because so far agree its been sort of off on the side line, but that 25% is at the hard of what we do. So were all over trying to help them one at least need that target is probably going to have to do better that than long-term and make sure that they can get the water if they need to operate.
Nate Brochmann: Okay, thats helpful. And then just the follow-up on energy two just feel more specific. But I mean were all quarter-to-quarter assuming stable from here and obviously one of the hallmarks of Ecolab is just overall predictability and things obviously slip here a little bit faster in the first quarter from where we started out from. What gives you the level of confidence at this point and dont get me wrong if you had perfect confidence youd probably be doing something else even, but what gives us the level of confidence at this point that we are stabilizing in terms of your customers and then the ultimate end market demand in terms of whether its rig count or the new projects et cetera and clearly production seems to have stabilized, but like in terms of some of that new business where you got that higher margin from.
Doug Baker: Well I guess I would say one let me enter a little bigger  from a little bigger perspective. Like our operating model I think its proven its resilience, so our forecasted delivery if you will from our combined institutional, industrial, energy and other segments hasnt changed on iota. So our energy softened, the other businesses strengthened, some of its exact mirror reflection of the same issue and so we basically said while we have a bias towards higher oil prices, it is not a huge bias and we will perform well in the low oil environment or a high oil environment. For this year, we anticipate operating delivery EPS to be around 15% which is exactly what we forecasted in the last call. So I dont know if theres any question about the resilience. I think were seeing it come through. If you look at energy in particular look I think the team is on exactly where youd want them to be on. Energy is more cyclical if our cyclicality means basically flat sales in Ol at the bottom of the trop I dont know how you called it cyclical. If you draw it on a graph, its a flat piece of a graph before you start going up again. And thats exactly what we anticipated, thats what we talked about that we saw when we did the analysis of the last drop in 08, 09 its basically what were forecasting right now and the team is on new technology weve got some great new launches. Weve got stuff thats going to make fracs much more efficacious while reducing water substantially and this is exactly what this industry needs. I think were going to be positioned with more sail when the wind starts blowing in our direction and thats what the team is focused on. So I dont know I think the model is doing pretty well. You got to get under the covers if theres down FX news and look at the underlying business and I guess I would only offer this, if FX was a $0.30 help I think you guys would be looking deeply to say how the heck is the core business performing. And I think those are the fundamental questions to long term value that have got to be asked and I think when theyre asked and addressed here they look pretty good.
Operator: Next question comes from Gary Bisbee with RBC Capital Markets.
Gary Bisbee: [indiscernible] and I guess Mike youve said that you expect the second half to look better from an earnings growth perspective than the first and I understand that the raw material cost benefit increases. Is that the primary driver of that statement or are you expecting the revenue growth acceleration youve seen in the last quarter or two on a constant currency basis in non-energy to continue into the back half of the year?
Michael Monahan: Yes I think you got it Gary its continued strong sales performance from the non-energy segments. The energy as we already forecasted and youre right, the raw material savings grow as the year goes simply because it takes a while for it to work through inventory. And so we anticipate that we will have significantly more benefit in Q2, Q3 and Q4 than we had in Q1.
Gary Bisbee: And then as a follow up I guess Id like to ask about the record bookings again. I think its a third straight quarter youve talked about that, but youve got a pretty sticky business right and so and my guess is that much more of the revenue base comes from people using hopefully more but same customers using similar volumes. So how much really does record bookings if you have it for two quarters to three quarters or four quarters impact growth in any given year? Is it right to think that its a fairly modest improvement, but if you do it year after year thats what really drives revenue?
Michael Monahan: No I mean clearly it will add a point or two of growth, its not going to add 8 points of growth but its a very important metric because it basically  were going head to head versus competition whos winning and so we look at this metric and then work very hard to understand how were doing in each of our businesses and versus key competitors because at the end of the day also the business is going to be dictated by how successful we are securing new business and obviously keep our existing customers. So for us its one of the leading indicator metrics that we look at, where we get to health of innovation portfolio, the health of the team and also just strength of our overall metrics to customers is resonating or not. But ultimately were epic growth driver but its not on outsized, but a point or two every year comes from this. 
Gary Bisbee: And is the big part of this just having had time to effect improvement at the Nalco and Champion businesses or is it really very broad based across all the businesses. Thank you. 
Michael Monahan: Its a broad based, I would say we reenergize the focus here, I think we also supplemented with stronger training in development focused for our corporate account professional who are the ones who lead this charge and I think its a combination of those plus as I mentioned earlier innovation. And really at the end of the day whats new, what youre talking to customer about, what is the benefit of moving to us. Thats going to be obviously pretty going stronger, youre not going see new business results like this. 
Operator: Question comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Doug, just back on energy, you mentioned pricing pressure, where are you seeing the pricing pressure and how do you think that reverses or how do you think it reverses going forward?
Doug Baker: Were seeing pricing pressure fairly broad it was anticipated because its not that similar from pricing pressure that is been realized by that business in other downturns. Right now I would say that pricing pressure which we would love to have none is close to forecast. And so the closer you are well head the higher the pressure in the business simply because thats where its more acutely felt in that industry but this pressure throughout. 
David Begleiter: And in energy going forward post the realization synergies if you do achieve 5%, 6% topline growth, what should OI grow operating profit, at what rate on that type of sales growth?
Doug Baker: I think 5%, 6% will get you into the double digit. 
Operator: Next question comes from David Ridley from Lane with Banc of America.
David Ridley: So paper margins were a bit of a drag in the quarter even though you did have some topline growth. Is this more about shifting regional demand and would you expect paper margins to be flattish for the full year?
Doug Baker: Yes. In the quarter it was more a mix issue in paper, I think the good news is we saw paper fuel sales rebound obviously it was a negative for majority of last year and so we thought about 2.5% growth in this quarter. For the year our anticipated margins in paper are going to be we think it theyll up. 
David Ridley: Okay, great. And then heard you alluded to some of the investments you are making in the energy segment. Maybe a few examples of that. And also would the proposed fracking regulations on federal land be a potential positive catalyst for your business? Thanks.
Doug Baker: We dont see any capital impact in our business or any material change versus what weve talked about going forward and in terms of investments in energy if we talked about investments in the first quarter some of that were investments made last year as we lap first quarter. But we arent adding headcount obviously in the energy business this year. So, we are going to have material investments in terms of SG&A. we are continuing to investment in innovation because we believe that is core to our advantage in that market we will continue to see investments there. 
Operator: Next question comes from Manav Patnaik with Barclays Capital.
Manav Patnaik: Thank you. Good afternoon, gentlemen. So firstly, just wanted to clarify your sort of renewed assumptions that you made on Energy. I think last quarter you told us on the rig count side you had assumed it was down 30% plus some share gain. So I was wondering if you could just help us understand what you are thinking in these new forecasts?
Doug Baker: I think before we thought they would be down 30 to 40 for the year, they already down at that rate right now and now theyre forecast out there of 50% to 60% decline pretty good in North America. I mean, were going to be, we are going to present ourselves as the lead forecast either rig count and/or certainly oil price as we go forward. But certainly I think, you cant read a player in the energy industry world that as I comment that the decline of which has surprised them in terms of debt and speed and we would add our ourselves to that room which Id say is full of people.
Manav Patnaik: Okay. I guess what Im trying to get add is I guess do you see any room for further downside just outside of the FX headwinds?
Doug Baker: Well, I cant, yeah and I guess, I would see room for upside too. Right now the forecast that we have is our best estimation of 50-50. And I would say in total from an operating standpoint as I million earlier or forecast in total have changed. So the elements of change, energy got worse and the other business is got better, net its about -- and all I know was next time were talking, well have some changes in our forecast, but I dont believe our forecast on operating performance for the year in total is highly risks.
Manav Patnaik: Okay. And then on the FX side, obviously every company out there is getting hit and it seems like it probably gets worse too. But at some point does the pressure from FX force you to make any operational changes in the different regions or is it just purely translational and when it goes down you get the hit and when it goes up you will start seeing a benefit?
Doug Baker: Yes, by and large most of its optics its translation of locally generated operating profit translated back in the dollars. Now with that said, there are certainly some items that we manufacture in one currency and selling another. And we are looking in all those items, you got to be very careful not to change currency. And so if we can see that we can safe money under any currencies scenario, we will make the moves. If it is a move dependent on a strong dollar, you got to be very careful, because by the time you finish executing the dollar can reverse sign and you are now unhappy for a different reasons. So weve been through this next 40 or in 88 that Euro I mean weve seen both over our in-time operating these businesses and all I know is going to change again, I just cant tell you when. So we when operate in the smart way and not chase currency, but certainly there are sub situations that well require us addressing well make sense in todays environment and even in tomorrow.
Operator: Next question comes from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, this is Dan -- for Laurence. Will you guys be buying shares at the current rate or we should become more attractive with that accelerate?
Michael Monahan: Well continue to be buying shares over the balance of the year.
Doug Baker: What the target that weve said originally for the year is the same.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then one more question. So youre seeing a tailwind from raw material costs, but I think you said that also were increasing prices for certain segments. Are you seeing, I mean is there would you expect any push back against that just given, I dont know your input costs or going down at all, is that help works?
Doug Baker: Yes, look I mean what we always get push back and pricing that sort of the given. But were seeing one to two pricing in the balance of the segment X energy, which is what we expected.
Operator: Question comes from John Quealy with Canaccord Genuity.
John Quealy: Hi, good afternoon. First question can we go back to your visit lower oil for outcast the sales. Can you comment by segment, have you been capturing those savings yet, when should we expect to see the full benefit of the oil in the cost side and I have a follow-up?
Doug Baker: Well, I would say we gave, our forecast on raw material benefit for the year remain the same it was last call. And when we gave the chart last time I think we dictated how its going to show up first quarter and second half and obviously it was remaining of the year waited as I discussed in the previous question. We have not broken it out if you will by segment nor do we plan to do that, so in the first quarter it was roughly a nickel. We anticipate it to be $0.32 for the balance of the year, so $0.37 in total.
John Quealy: And then second follow up more of a macro question, so Premax after many months is finally getting a little closer May and July of detailing out service contracts as well as oil field auctions. How does that impact your business? Is there an additional opportunity for Premax I know you folks do a lot with some sovereign producers if you could just comment on Mexico? Thank you.
Doug Baker: Yes as we believe the move in Mexico is favorable and will be positive for our energy business.
Operator: Next question comes from Mike Harrison with Global Hunter Securities.
Mike Harrison: In the healthcare business you noted new accounts but also improved penetration and showed some of the best growth that youve seen there in quite a while. You do have a fairly broad suite of products there. What do you usually lead with in healthcare? Whats the ware washing equivalent? And how much bigger does the overall opportunity get as the penetration increases toward the full range of offerings?
Doug Baker: Well the big wins that we highlighted in late last year and are clearly the driver for the growth acceleration were around the environmental hygiene offering or the program that weve developed to reduce infections contracted in hospital by patients and importantly we think thats a program that we want to continue to focus on and drive and leverage because its our anchor program much like if you will, dish machine or ware-washing itd be an anchor program and institutional or CIP and F&B et cetera. So the fact that were seeing success there I think bodes well because thats basically what youll build-up of to drive further penetration as you move forward. So I think healthcare showed improvement, the year has shown improvement in the fourth quarter which was consistent with the timing we talked about last year during this call that we wanted to work on our fundamentals in 2014 I think the team did a good job. We started showing benefits at the end of the year and you saw that was a 5% top-line growth in this quarter in healthcare which was certainly better than we saw last year.
Mike Harrison: And on the energy side, it sounds like the international side was quite a bit better and when I think international I think more offshore and obviously new CapEx has been an important driver particularly in the offshore business for you guys. Can you talk about what youre seeing in terms of offshore CapEx projects going forward? Are they being delayed? Are they being delayed indefinitely or just pushed out a few quarters?
Doug Baker: Yes I mean some have been pushed out and delayed I would say we are having still significant success securing new CapEx projects which youre right its been a core part of the strategy and a successful part. Were not walking away from that. The team has secured a lot of business this year. That business wont come on until in many cases even 18 and 19 thats the type of pipeline that we have here, but we feel good about what theyre doing. A lot of the CapEx that was if you will initiated several years ago that we had secured. Some has been delayed. Some of it is coming on obviously offshore continues to move on and progress. Youve built the big piece of CapEx. Youre going to go deploy it. The money is already sunk and so that continues to move forward. What were seeing mostly is a huge decline in unconventional onshore and thats where you have a lot of the pressure. It is the part of the industry that can move with the market and does move with the market probably most rapidly but thats where the most the queue pressure is.
Mike Harrison: And then last one for me, do you expect any impact from Bird Flu on the F&B business in the rest of the year?
Doug Baker: I think when we its certainly going to have an impact on a number of important customers of ours. Typically when you end up with shortage of one protein consumers adjustments are buying more of another protein and our exposure across protein sources is pretty wide. So, I dont anticipate its going to make the call.
Operator: Next question comes from John McNulty with Credit Suisse.
John McNulty: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. So Doug, I think you had said earlier if energy prices kind of level off here, you are kind of looking at for next year mid single-digit growth in Energy and it kind of accelerates throughout that period. I guess how do you get to that? When you think about the major buckets that will drive that growth, what are they in kind of a flat $60 oil, $55, $60 oil range? 
Doug Baker: I think you start doing is annualizing against the very significant reaction and decline and activity. I think youve got a couple other things happening, youve got some 4,000 wells that are temporary capped, people going to have to deal with this because they have about 12 months under current law to get after these and deal with it which means Q4, Q1 activity. Our guess is the majority of those, were going to be brought online, the pricing pressure that we are filling now or annualize against and thats -- and youre going to have constant to mannerly increased production next year versus this year. But you wont have the price pressure that we have going on this year so you could see better sales from that and ultimately we even thinking downstream. We had some minor impacts in Q1 this year from the refinery strikes which were over and we will again annualize against next year. 
John McNulty: Okay. When you think about pricing, kind of in the core or legacy Ecolab businesses, it seemed like pricing was always pretty much either stable or up modestly and it looks like you are seeing some negative pricing pressures in the energy markets at a minimum in kind of a new parts of Ecolab. How do you think about being able to get that pricing back? It always seems like giving up price easy maybe isn't the right word but it happens. Getting it back tends to be tougher so I guess how do you think about working with your customers and making sure you can get the pricing back?
Doug Baker: The majority of this impact is coming from cost plus contracts that we have with major energy supplier. So when our energy prices go down and oil and raw material inputs go down as a result that ends up reflecting in the formula and worse when energy and raw materials go up its going to be reflected in the pricing because thats the arrangement we have with those customers.  So, its not like we negotiated the price decrease were going to have to renegotiate price increase in most of these cases, most of its formula here. 
John McNulty : Okay, so it is really just price pass-throughs then or cost pass-through, it is not a true give back on price, is that right?
Doug Baker: A significant portion of it, there are some that would a give back on price but the vast majority is contractual. 
Operator: Next question comes from John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: Good afternoon. Doug, I think in last quarter's release you were optimistic about acquisitions for the coming year. Could you give us an update on the environment out there?
Doug Baker: I remain optimistic, there is a number of things and number of opportunities that were chasing some of them quite a ways long in the process. So, I still remain bullish on being successful in this environment making some key acquisitions. 
John Roberts: And then back to the food and beverage segments since it is the highest growth Industrial segment for you, there were a couple of high-profile dairy contaminations over the past quarter. Are there any trends there or are there just greater levels of detection going on that are going to cause customers to have to clean more intensely or anything else we might translate more across the overall segment rather than just a couple of isolated events?
Doug Baker: What I would say, food safety in general is food producers are always constantly on high alter and nature has its ways. Its a difficult game and on the producers by and large doing a amazing job if you look at the number of meals served. Just take it in this country and the number of incidents, it is an amazingly low number given number of meals consumed, With that said, I dont think this is a big trend, I dont think vigilant way, I dont think its turn in the United States up, because I think its in a high level. I do think in emerging markets youre going to continue to see height in awareness, height scrutiny and height in consumption, but thats mostly were youre going to see it.
Operator: Next question comes from Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research.
Dmitry Silversteyn: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking my call. Couple of questions, first of all can you differentiate in the performance, if there was any between new international and your domestic pest elimination business?
Doug Baker: Yeah about the same really on top-line both very good. North America, which I think we talked about a couple of years ago with disappointing, is really done a good job rebuilding their sales acceleration. Theyve made a lot of, I think very smart investments with the team. There is a lot of improvement from their business. Im very bullish on what past team is done and the outlook. And particularly our North America, we done have the same if you will turn down internationally that business is remain consistently strong.
Dmitry Silversteyn: Okay. And the food and beverage question as previous call is pointed out this business is done well for you or its a result or at least in this quarter, its a quarter of many years of work and getting traction in some of the progress and programs. In sort of combining food and beverage to the healthcare if you will, I dont think you guys do a lot currently in sort of clean in place of pharmaceutical production facilities. Is that Im I correct first of all, this is not an important market for you yet and is there an opportunity given your, its a great in place in food and beverage and then given you bio-science and antimicrobial capabilities and healthcare too to perhaps go after this market a little bit more aggressively?
Doug Baker: Yeah, I would say CIP opportunity is beyond food and beverage exists and certainly pharmaceuticals would be a good example there others as well. And thats exactly how we look at extensions. So either try to sell more to the existing markets. So you try to follow your technology to its natural end. And so certainly that would be an example of an area that you could push CIP and do.
Dmitry Silversteyn: And my one final question in terms of your traditional Cleaning & Sanitizing business as in Europe versus North America. Where do you stay in terms of rolling out the more complete product line-up if you will in Europe to match about what you have in the U.S.. Are you pretty much fair is that ahead of the time schedule and have there been any sort of early indications of success of getting growth accelerated given a fuller tool box for you sales people to go after market with.
Doug Baker: Yeah, I think we mentioned or I did Europe sales were up 5% or 3% X energy for the quarter. Which is substantially higher than weve announced and quite a while in Europe. I think you reflects exactly what you talked about, we have, we will behind in innovation in Europe was a consequence of our EBS/SAP program. Weve got free to product line for a couple of years, while youre putting that just in place that has unfrozen, weve been launching our technology over there for the last couple of years starting to make headway in particular in both F&B and institutional. And so that one of the reasons that youve see sales acceleration in Europe. We expect sales to be positive for the year in Europe and its really as a result of the new business which attribute in -- innovation.
Operator: Question comes from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Bob Koort: Thanks. I appreciate the overtime here. Doug could you talk a little bit, I guess, I envision your energy business, youd characterize is it some point having a similar business model approach to the traditional business of having feed on the street or folks out in the customers facility. Im just curious, how quickly can you dial down those costs if you need to another words. If you typically having several employees out of these well ahead on the exploration production side and now you seen this big drop up in North America unconventional. Can you dial down those expenses just as quickly as you move them up or you have to absorb that until you see some recovery in those markets?
Doug Baker: Yes, the real pressure in that business really is in the production phase. Its closer to the wellheads. Its in our WellChem business. The WellChem business isnt a people intensive business Id say a production or OFC business or our downstream business. There are certainly costs that we continue to take out. There is much a part of the synergy program that was put in place with Champion as they are anything else. We certainly are accelerating some of those moves as a consequence of the market, but really its still in line with what we anticipated creating once we got through the synergy moves with Champion. And so G&A rightsizing that and doing all those things, we are looking at how do you accelerate it, but in line with anticipated ultimate goal that we saw once we put Champion and Nalco energy together. So are there opportunities in the field? Yes theyre small. We tend not to go, we dont want to create a overreaction in that business too. I think I would remind you we expect sale to be roughly in line with last year. Weve got this monstrous degradation in activity in our business like there are in other businesses and so I would call this not a decline, but sort of a pause in the growth and we anticipate re-growing next year and thats how were managing the business.
Bob Koort: And my last question if I might, can you just help us characterize the energy business in total maybe geographic spread or upstream, downstream, refining just some shares of the business scale the business?
Michael Monahan: Be around top of my head. All right 
Bob Koort: I could follow up with Mike if you want...
Doug Baker: Im saying again its a lot of model flush. North America is about 60% of our business in total and then when you look at the balance youve got fairly little more in Latin America, Middle-East Africa would be next and then AP. Okay as you balance out the other regions, Europe is really North Sea type production. If you want to look at the rest of the business roughly WellChem was 17% last year its probably going to drop to about 15% this year and then you really split the rest youve got about 60% production phase and then the balance is downstream. Thats how
Operator: Next question comes from Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: I just have a few kind of housekeeping questions and how it relates to the business. There is a little bit of move up in receivables and more of a move up in inventory. Can you talk a little bit on the receivable side? How much would that might be related to energy and your confidence in trying to covering those? And then just on the inventory side. Is that a investment in growth and where exactly was the build-up? Thank you.
Doug Baker: Yes I believe Id say this way working capital one of our highlight in the quarter and its something that were all over as a team so theres three buckets. One you pointed out was receivables. That was really just a handful of large customers. It was a timing issue. All those have been resolved. That is not a systemic issue at all. And there was a couple of energy but a couple of other customers it wasnt exclusively energy but those payments came and it was really just timing at the end of the quarter. Youve also got inventory. I would say you got two things going on inventory, one energy inventory build because we werent able to turn production off as quickly as the business declined and as we previously mentioned the business declined quicker than we anticipated, so call that 30 million bucks in inventory. That will get out of the system, but thats going to take a couple of turns to do as we go through. And then youve got payables and payables was higher I mean it sucked up more of our working capital. Its probably easiest to say that was an internal different execution that we dont plan on repeating. That would be the [indiscernible] get to that, so working capital for the year I think we will be moving in the right direction and we also have I think very good plans we have very favorable cash flow for the year.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Do you have a kind of range or targeting for the year for the free cash flow number?
Doug Baker: 90%.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: On net income?
Doug Baker: Yes.
Operator: The next question comes from Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Co.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Most of my questions have been answered but I was just wondering on the Energy side, Doug, let's assume that oil stays where it is today and you have some kind of a normal growth rate next year, can you make it all up in 2016 or will you need to go through 2017 before you catch up on whatever you missed in 2015? 
Doug Baker: I think you are talking about top line OI growth. Q - Rosemarie Morbelli Both.
Doug Baker: I don't think you cannot make up the complete bill. I guess if we assume that the businesses really go double digit topline and extend margin and have 15% -- bottom line forever, you can never make it up. But that was never our forecast. We always knew when we bought this business. We you it should be overall of faster growth business, top and bottom, but was also going to go through some oil cycles where like '08 - '09, we thought we are going to see a pause in sales in OI growth. I guess next year, as I mentioned earlier, mid-single-digit top, double-digit bottom -- if oil stays, I don't know 60 plus-minus range for another year after that, I would expect it will be accelerating growth in '17 even with the kind of oil forecast. Most conventional guesses is oil will probably rise over time. I don't think we are going to be completely different upon it. But if it does, I think it's going to be a benefit for the business.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Okay, thanks and then quickly on Europe, other companies are seeing some improvement on the demand side. I know you grew 5% or 3% excluding Energy but do you see that as a result of what you are doing in-house or are you also getting some help from the market itself or at least expecting more help in the second half? 
Doug Baker: As I mentioned earlier in Europe, the changes like, I don't know, down one up one. It's not the most dynamic economy right now. It's hard for us to feel exactly the effects of those small moves. I would say we think it's more on our back and I think we stated before it we are flat. It was more focused on margins, trying to hold sales, so we can get the P&L for the future so that when we grow we get leverage. And right now I would say it's more of our efforts than the market.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Okay and if I can squeeze one more, on the Equipment Care, revenues up 7% in constant currency, that is quite high. Do you anticipate that kind of growth rate for the balance of the year and do you see margins continuing to improve after you have done all of the restructuring and reshuffling of your business model? 
Doug Baker: Yes and yes. Equipment care is on a good path.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next question comes from Andy Wittmann with Baird.
Andy Wittmann: Doug, last quarter I think you talked about your ability to manage the business and how after a couple of years of a pretty good performance that you were worried about that -- I don't know if you used the word complacency but you talked about the fact that there might be opportunities that you could go to if you needed to. With Energy taking a slight step down here, have you gone to any of those other -- I don't know, contingencies or are you contemplating them today? Is the business at a level where you need to go to some of those? 
Doug Baker: We always wish you had these huge file drawers full of money ideas, I mean we have several, I wish we had more, like every CEO in the land. Now I would say we were pushing -- I think the team is doing a great job. I used the analogy last time that you know if it's a plain ride we are going to land in the right city on time, but it could be a turbulent ride. And I think the team is managing through a lot of turbulence. Making sure that you capture all these raw materials, and they show up in the P&L isnt like a layout. I mean we had purchasing on suppliers early securing the business, we have to make sure the R&D that had shown up in the mix properly, and then we understood the impact. The supply chain has been all over this. Our team is within all over it. It has been a lot of incremental effort. Meanwhile, we continue to drive new business and innovation. So I think the team has managed this very successfully and I think it does -- if anything I think were showing the robustness of the model, you are a work through the damn clouds of FX. If you do it you'll see it. There are still huge margin opportunities. We'll talk synergies for one more year. We are then going to flip and no longer use the word synergy and start talking cost savings. But the cost savings that are out there is a consequence of both a Nalco merger and the Champion deal, still remains, they're are still significant. Because you really -- it takes a long time to get after the supply chain savings.  It takes a long time to get after some of the regional savings. Because he got to implement systems, and when you're running two systems and you have two legal entities that precludes capturing some of the savings that you would normally get after, and doing that in a sensible way just takes time. And we didn't see any reason to create undue risk that could create havoc with our customers so we have done this over -- I think a very thoughtful period. But you're going to see those benefits show up in the business, which is why we talk our model. 60 is organic, 2 to 3 additional points from acquisition, and collect 50 basis points to 75 basis points a year in leverage. That's how you continue to drive. And other things you're flipping in our favor. So we do like our position. I think we're executing quite well. I think will do well, not only this year, but in the coming years.
Operator: The last question comes from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger: I guess on the Industrial business, Global Industrial, could you discuss a little bit about how you anticipate margins will build our progress over the balance of the year, maybe some of the drivers and some of the headwinds facing them? 
Doug Baker: The industry margins we anticipate continued to strengthen some. Some is just a consequence of seasonality where we always had better margins in the other years, but you also get to see some raw material benefit as we discussed in the other business flow through and these businesses as well. So I think innovation, raw material flow through and volume, you'll see margin increase for the year.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to Monahan for closing comments.
Michael Monahan: Thanks everyone for your time today. We appreciate this, and have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference. Please disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-24 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Monahan - SVP, External Relations Doug Baker - CEO
Analysts: Mike Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Nate Brochmann - William Blair David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets David Ridley-Lane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research Manav Patnaik - Barclays Mike Harrison - First Analysis George D'Angelo - Jefferies Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer John Roberts - UBS Bob Koort - Goldman Sachs P.J. Juvekar - Citi Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company Justin Hauke - Robert Baird
Operator: Welcome to the Ecolab Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now Id like to turn over the call to Mr. Michael Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Monahan: Hello everyone. And welcome to Ecolabs Fourth Quarter Conference Call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolabs Chairman and CEO. A copy of our earnings release and the accompanying slides referenced in this teleconference are available on Ecolabs website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements on Slide 2, stating that this teleconference and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are discussed in the section of our most recent Forms 10-K and 10-Q item under Item 1A, Risk Factors, in our fourth quarter release and on slide 2. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with an overview on Slide 3, strong new account growth and new product introductions drove a solid sales increase in the fourth quarter. We leveraged that growth along with pricing and our synergy and cost efficiency work to substantially increase our adjusted operating margins and produce a very strong adjusted earnings per share increase. Looking ahead, we expect to produce another year of superior growth despite 2015's mixed macro-economic and market trends, as well as substantial currency exchange and pension headwinds. Lower oil prices should benefit our consumer related customers and our delivered product costs, while slowing growth in our Energy segment. Net we expect the positives and negative to about offset each other and we look for strong growth from operations before currency effects. We expect currency exchange and pension will represent a headwind of about $0.35 per share in 2015. In this environment we expect to continue to outperform our end markets and show 5% to 12% adjusted earnings gains in the first quarter and 8% to 12% EPS growth for the full year as continued good fixed currency sales growth, appropriate pricing, innovation synergies and delivered product savings more than offset the challenges. Moving to some highlights from the fourth quarter, and as discussed on our press release, reported fourth quarter earnings per share were $1.10. On an adjusted basis excluding special gains and charges in discreet tax items from both years, fourth quarter 2014 earnings per share increased a very strong 15% to a record $1.20 despite a $0.04 headwind from currencies. The adjusted earnings per share growth was driven by volume and pricing, new products, account gains, synergies, cost savings actions, and the benefit from the passage of the R&D tax credit. Our fixed currency acquisition adjusted sales growth rate remains strong, rising 6% and was led by our Energy and Specialty businesses. Latin America led the regional growth. We expanded our adjusted fixed currency operating margins 110 basis points in the quarter as we continue to emphasize productivity and efficiency improvements as well as drive merger synergies. We also continue to make investments in key growth businesses to sustain our technology in sales and service leadership. We remain on plan for achieving our outgoing Champion synergy targets and our Europe margins are on track for further strong expansion again this year. Looking ahead, energy markets and some regional economies will present challenges in 2015 along with an expected $0.35 per share headwind from currency exchange and pension. However we also see favorable tailwinds for our more consumer facing customers and in our raw materials. In this mixed environment, we will drive new business gains and lower costs as we maximize the benefits and minimize the challenges. We will once again use our product innovation in service strengths to help customers get better results and lower operating cost and through these drive new account gains across all of our customer segments. Also as announced in our press release, as our balance sheet leverage ratio is returning to our preferred range and with our strong free cash flow, we intend to repurchase $1 billion of our stock. We expect to complete the repurchase by mid-2016. We look for the first quarter 2015 to show solid fixed currency sales gains and margin improvement. First quarter adjusted EPS is expected to increase 5% to 12% to the $0.78 to $0.83 range and compare with last year's very strong first quarter when adjusted EPS grew 23% and was $0.74 per share. For the full year 2015, we look for an 8% to 12% adjusted EPS increase to the $4.50 to $4.70 range with that wider than normal range reflecting the dynamic currency and commodity markets. In summary, our fourth quarter performed very well. We expect 2015 to also show strong operating performance for the Company despite the challenges in energy and more than offset the significant drag on EPS growth from currencies and pension. We remain confident in our business, our markets, our people as well as our capacities to meet our aggressive growth objectives over the coming years while also delivering attractive returns for 2015. Slide 4 shows our fourth quarter results both as reported and with adjustments for special gains and charges, while Slide 5 shows our sales growth detail. Ecolabs consolidated fixed-currency sales for the fourth quarter increased 6%. Acquisition-adjusted fixed-currency sales also rose 6%. Looking at the growth components. Volume and mix increased 5%; and pricing rose 1%. Currency was a negative 3% and acquisitions and divestitures were not significant. Reported fixed-currency sales for the Global Industrial segment rose 4%. Adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures, sales increased 2%. Fourth quarter fixed-currency global Food & Beverage sales increased 2%. We enjoy good growth in agri and moderate sales gains in dairy, food and beverage. Regionally Asia-Pacific and Latin America led results with the modest gains in North America and a modest decline in Europe. Food & Beverage growth was primarily driven by share gains and we used them to more than offset ongoing customer plant closures and generally weak volumes. Food & Beverage continues to benefit from its Total Plant Assurance approach to customers, in which we combine our industry-leading Cleaning & Sanitizing, Water Treatment and Pest Elimination capabilities to deliver improved food safety results, lower operating costs and better product quality assurance for customers. This has enabled us to win business with key global customers and offset difficult conditions in our North America and Europe market, where lower volumes, as well as customer capacity reduction and plant closures have impacted sales. Looking ahead, we expect improved organic sales growth in the first quarter. We look for further benefits from growth synergies, better customer penetration and new business capture, as well as leverage from our innovation pipeline, including 3D TRASAR for cleaning plate systems in food and beverage plants to more than offset continued tough industry conditions. Fixed-currency water sales grew 7%. Adjusted for acquisitions water sales grew 5%. Fixed-currency core water sales grew a very strong 8%, widely outperforming in its end markets. Reported fixed-currency mining sales rose 8%. Adjusted for acquisitions fixed-currency mining sales were off slightly. Regionally, we saw good growth in Latin America, good growth in North America and EMEA and flat Asia-Pacific growth. The introduction of 3D TRASAR for hotel and other institutional cooling systems, utilizing solid chemistry and advanced dispensing is going well. We also continue to drive better penetration in our other water markets, using our innovative solutions to optimize water usage. We remain focused on building our corporate account and enterprise sales teams, delivering our growth synergies and improving product innovation to drive revenues. We expect to show further improving growth in 2015 as market share gains drive our heavy and light businesses to outperform soft end-markets. Acquisition-adjusted fourth quarter fixed-currency paper sales declined 3%. Latin America recorded double-digit growth. Elsewhere we saw a sales decline resulting from continued low customer plant utilization and extended customer shutdowns and slowdowns. We expect Paper to rebound to a modest growth in 2015 as we drive new business and technology penetration to offset the difficult paper market conditions. Fixed-currency sales for the Global Institutional segment rose 6%. Turning to the businesses that make up the segment, fixed-currency sales growth for the Institutional business improved in the fourth quarter rising 5%. Institutionals end markets remain mixed with continued good growth in global lodging demand, positive signs in North America food service but still challenging foot traffic across Asia-Pacific and Latin America. Looking at our regional sales, we continue to outperform our markets. Latin America once again posted strong sales growth, while North America and Asia-Pacific turned in solid sales gains improving over their third quarter growth rate and ongoing EMEA sales rose modestly. Sales initiatives targeting new customers along with effective product and service programs around our core markets continue to drive our results. We also continue to broaden leading technology across our global regions. To drive our future growth and improve on our industry leadership position, we remain focused on standardizing and executing global sales initiatives, globalizing our core competencies and introducing product innovation that delivers increased customer value with solutions that reduce their water, energy and labor cost. Were also making further investments in field technology to enhance execution and efficiency in sales and service and working on other areas to improve better customer value and through that improve our sales growth. We expect Institutional to show continued good fixed-currency growth in the first quarter and the full year as we make further progress on our global sales initiatives and continue our aggressive sales efforts. Fourth quarter sales for Specialty grew 8% in fixed currencies. Quick service sales were solid as we enjoyed steady growth from most customers. New accounts, along with increased service coverage and additional solutions for customers to drive their operating efficiency and food safety, leveraged generally modest industry trends. Regionally, the U.S. and Europe saw a good growth from new accounts and additional customer solutions, while Asia-Pacific benefited from good quick service foot traffic growth. Food retail business showed continued good sales momentum in the fourth quarter, benefiting from customer addition, new products and increased penetration. We look for good sales growth to continue in the first quarter, especially works to deliver another solid performance in 2015. Fixed currency global healthcare sales increased 4%. Growth was driven by new accounts, better penetration and new product introductions. We continued our work to strengthen our corporate accounts approach and our integrated value proposition, as well as improve and leverage our product portfolio. We believe we are on the right track and look for global healthcare sales growth to improve in the first quarter. Fixed-currency Energy segment sales grew 11%. Our upstream business saw a robust growth in the fourth quarter led by a strong international performance and good North America results. Downstream business sales also saw a solid increase, also led by strong international performance and share gains in North America. The drop in oil prices will yield slowing energy segment results through 2015, however we believe our business model, which is heavily weighted to the more recurring revenue production and refining businesses will moderate much of that impact. Looking ahead we expect energy segment sales for the full year 2015 to show flat to low single digit growth. First quarter energy sales should be up in the mid-single digit range, reflecting momentum from the prior year. We expect quarterly growth to ease through the year and show modest first half growth and a softer second half as new business resulting from ongoing share gains is offset by declining rig count and some modest pricing decreases. We remain confident in Energys long term growth prospects and expect it to emerge from this unprecedented period in stronger shape and return to double digit growth once again. Sales for our other segment increased 5%. Fixed-currency Global Pest sales increased 6% in the fourth quarter. Adjusted for acquisitions, fixed currency sales grew 5%. Food & Beverage and restaurants led the growth. Regionally, we enjoyed double-digit growth in Latin America and Asia-Pacific and solid growth in EMEA and North America. We continue to drive market penetration with innovative service offerings and technologies and make progress in globalizing our market-focused capabilities and field technology. We expect Global Pest sales to show further good growth in the first quarter led by gains in all markets. Equipment Care sales grew 3% in the fourth quarter. New customer additions continued at a solid rate and productivity improvements from our technology investments and strengthened execution work continue to pay off. However, fourth quarter sales growth was impacted as we exited some low margin accounts. Because of the continued strong underlying business growth trends, we expect equipment care to return to upper single digit growth in the first quarter and to see that growth improve over the balance of the year. Slide 6 of our presentation shows selected income statement items. Fourth quarter gross margins were 46.2%. When adjusted for special charges, fourth quarter 2014 gross margins were 46.4% and rose 50 basis points above last year. Volume and pricing gains, as well as merger synergies and cost efficiencies more than offset higher cost inputs and the business mix impact of higher energy sales, which on average have a lower gross margin when compared with our other businesses. SG&A expenses represented 31% of fourth quarter sales. The SG&A ratio improved 60 basis points versus last year. The improvement reflected sales gains, merger synergies and cost savings efforts, as well as the mix of higher energy sales, which on average have lower SG&A ratio when compared with our other businesses. Consolidated operating income margins were 14.1%. Adjusted for special charges, fixed-currency operating income margins were 15.4%, rising 110 basis points over last years comparable margin. Fixed-currency operating income for the Global Industrial segment increased 9%. Acquisition adjusted operating income grew 7%, and margins rose 70 basis points. Good improvements in Water led the gain. Fixed currency operating income for Global Institutional increased 13%; and margins expanded 130 basis points. Results benefited from pricing, volume gains and cost efficiencies, which more than offset higher delivered product costs and investments in the business. Fixed-currency Global Energy operating income increased 13% and margins expanded 20 basis points. Volume gains, operating leverage, synergies and pricing more than offset investments in the business and other costs. Fixed-currency operating income for the other segment increased 22% and margins expanded 240 basis points. Improved operating results more than offset investments in the business and other higher costs. The Corporate segment and tax rate are discussed in the press release. We repurchased approximately 720,000 shares during the fourth quarter. The net of this performance is that Ecolab reported fourth quarter diluted earnings per share of $1.10 compared with $0.93 reported a year ago. When adjusted for special gains and charges and discrete tax items in both years, adjusted earnings increased 15% to $1.20 when compared with $1.04 earned a year ago. Turning to Slide 7 and looking at Ecolabs balance sheet, net debt to total capital was 46% with net debt to adjusted EBITDA at 2.2 times. Looking ahead, and as outlined in Slide 8 we will take aggressive actions in 2015 to drive both our top and bottom lines. We will work to leverage the benefits and offset the challenges of lower oil prices as we capture the lower raw material cost, leverage the expected consumer spending tailwind and gain share in the Energy markets. We will also continue to drive organic growth through further cooperate account wins, depth [ph] up innovation work and improve field productivity. We will ramp up our acquisition work targeting bolt on acquisitions that strengthen our offerings and we will continue to deliver on the business improvements we are making in our healthcare and Europe businesses. Slide 9 shows an EPS bridge for the first quarter and the full year 2015 that details our outlook. We expect improving fixed currency sales growth combined with good margin improvement developed through new products, better productivity, cost efficiency work and raw material savings will yield strong fixed currency earnings growth from our institutional, industrial and other segments. We look forward to the energy's segment to show slower sales and profit growth in 2015, as it outpaces its end market. Combined our businesses should deliver a strong operating performance shown here, and expect that slightly lower tax rate, lower interest cost and share repurchase will add to the robust operating performance to yield upper teens growth. However the strong dollar and higher pension cost will provide significant headwinds for us in 2015. We expect that combined impact will be $0.35 per share. As a result we look for EPS to be in the $4.50 to $4.70 range for 2015, up 8% to 12%. We expect our first quarter to show good fixed currency sales growth with currency negatively impacting reported sales by about 5 percentage points. We look for our first quarter earnings to increase 5% to 12% to the $0.78 to $0.83 range. Further the first quarter will also compare against a very strong period last year when adjusted earnings per share rose 23% to $0.74. In summary, we once again delivered on our forecast in the fourth quarter with a solid sales gain and continued margin improvement while offsetting market challenges and investing in our future. We have our work cut out for us in 2015, but we are well positioned and well prepared to outperform once again and deliver another superior performance for shareholders this year and for the years ahead. And now here is Doug Baker with some comments.
Doug Baker: Thanks Mike. A couple of comments on 2014 and also 2015, and then we will open it up for Q&A. So 2014 was obviously very strong year for the Company with annual EPS up 18%. The good news is the business accelerated throughout the year. Our second half excluding M&A was plus 6%. OI margins expanded another 120 basis points for the year. We're on track on all of our Nalco and Champion synergy commitments. We're also on track in Europe where margins expanded 110 basis points for the year. This is our fourth year in a row of expansion. We're now up cumulatively 440 basis points in Europe from our low point. We're also poised to increase margins again in 2015 as sales are accelerating in Europe. Perhaps most importantly, the momentum I talked about, the 6% in the second half was really built by outstanding cooperate account sales and new program and product launches. This is the underlying trend that we look for. It is the best, best sign we have of the health of the business and it was exceedingly strong. So we did our part. Now I guess I'd also point out that world seems to have done its part, which leads to 2015. Obviously the big news is oil price and FX and to a lesser extent pension. So first let me touch on oil. So during our third quarter call, oil was also the top conversation topic and at the time oil was trading $86 a barrel. So we discussed ramifications, implications and the principles discussed, I would say remain true. Energy services will be hurt and the rest of the business represent 70% of sales will benefit. The degree of the plus and minus are much different than they were in Q3. So let me give you our view today. So first of all in energy services, we expect flat sales for the year, could be modest growth. But let's just say flat. Synergies though and raw material savings in energy services will enable us to have modest OI growth in the business, in spite of the very difficult oil market. The raw material savings though will also positively impact the rest of our businesses and roughly offset the lost energy services OI versus what we would have expected in a non-oil price distressed market. So the good news is our team has gotten on the raw materials savings opportunity release. We've made significant progress and we believe we've got clear line of sight about what we're going to see during the year. So while oil has a created real turbulence in the business, by itself it would not cause us to miss our rival city or time, i.e. the net impact on one side of the business are pretty much offset on the other side of the business and really it is not the main story in our earnings picture for 2015. The second issue has an impact though too, and thats FX and pension. So combined, they represent an 8% EPS hit for the year. Obviously we're not the only company impacted by FX and pension. We've heard many companies talk about this. We are doing all the smart things we believe. We're using the pressure internally to challenge spending and in efficiencies which is how we typically manage. The team rallies well around this, but importantly we're not cutting long-term investments in R&D, in field technology, in systems, in talent developments, safety or security. Those are going to remain as planned. They are important to our long-term effectiveness and we have got to make sure we protect them when the team is all over this.  Our focus though is really to run the businesses quite well and to use the market turmoil to our advantage. So we are all over share gain in energy services. Our goal is to use this year to come out of this thing with a bigger sale and a better position to get after the upcoming turnaround in the oil price. Additionally M&A outside of the U.S., given the strong dollar also looks more attractive. All I know about FX is it goes up and it goes down. I can't tell you exactly when but I have now seen FX rate or the Euro trade at 0.88 and at 1.45. So we know this stuff moves around. We have an opportunity right now to capitalize on the strong dollar. We're going to see if we can make that happen. We're also going to leverage our stronger markets in U.S and Europe. So we are seeing the impacts of more I guess change in the pockets of consumers, and we want to make sure that we fully capitalize on that. Our teams are excited about it, all over it as well. And then finally the same tried and true program that we always run, drive new business, leverage innovation, do that everywhere, keep driving the businesses as we always do.  So closing I would just say we are on it. The challenges are real but we believe they are manageable. We expect another very good year in 2015. So let me turn it back to Mike. 
Michael Monahan: Thanks, Doug. A final note before we start Q&A. We plan to hold our annual tour of our booth at the National Restaurant Association Show in Chicago on May 18th. And looking further ahead, we also plan to hold our 2015 Investor Day in Saint Paul on September 10th. If any questions, please contact our office. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, would you please begin the question and answer period.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question come from Mike Ritzenthaler with Piper Jaffray. 
Mike Ritzenthaler: Doug. 2014 quite a record for new business wins there. I'm curious about how difficult year-on-year comparables influenced your decisions on investments in sales and R&D and things like that, particularly within specialty and institutional where end markets at least in North America seemed much healthier?
Doug Baker: Yes, that's what I was really alluding to Mike in my opening comments. We have got sort of a tale of two cities here and we also have just core investments that we know are fundamental to driving this business year in and year out. We worked very hard not to I would say cut into those investments. And I gave you a laundry list of them, but it's certainly R&D, talent development, safety, a bunch of training issues that we have on ongoing systems investments. We want to make sure that we protect those and we continue to make those investments, because I'm going to be here a year from now talking about 2015 and giving a preview of 2016. And the only way that we can ensure that we continue on this virtuous cycle is to make these core investments. And so we're absolutely committed to it. They are in our earnings view as you look out over this year and the businesses you touched on, it will be a better year for Institutional. They are going to have make the investments they need on the secure and continue to drive that growth and that's in the plan.
Mike Ritzenthaler: Okay. Thanks and then on energy, how do you feel about visibility into the 2Q through 4Q earnings on the Slide 9 there? Basically flat, given all the moving parts including synergies. Compared to kind of this time last year, how does that visibility compare?
Doug Baker: Well, it's certainly more volatile this year. And I would say last year was an easier year to forecast for the Energy business in particular but I would say that's really where forecasting is more challenging this year than in previous years. This is with -- what we know and I'd say we have a very experienced team, this is isn't the first oil price cycle that the team has been through. We've got all the data, we have been through it. I think we've got a handle on it and we've narrowed this down to we do not have a bunch of what I would say tough to forecast areas at this point in time. We've worked hard on raw materials. I think we've got a much better handle on that at this point in time, simply because we got on it early and the team has done a good job. There has been a lot of analytics here. So I think it totals -- that's a very good forecast, things can change but I would also say things can change in other parts of the ledger that may offset.
Operator: Next question comes from Nate Brochmann with William Blair.
Nate Brochmann: Hey Doug, just following-up on that question, I recall back in like 2008 when you guys issued guidance with the Henkel deal, and you came smack dab in the middle of that despite one of the most volatile periods ever in 2009. I was wondering like if you could give us a little bit of sense of how you and your team kind of go through those puts and the takes as you look at your business in terms of the confidence that we have to kind of deliver those results in kind of a volatile energy period, with moving pieces of FX, pension and what not. Just wondering if you could kind of give us a little bit of either look back on history of how that came to be during that period of how you kind of look at it during this period?
Doug Baker: Well, I think there's two sides to this. One is look, we work hard to try to understand what the variables are and then we try to again do a 50-50 position, where if you have multiple variables, which you always do, you have FX, you've got investment decisions, youve got business and markets, regions of the world and we just try to get in the middle on a number of these things and understand what we believe is a likelihood that it gets better or worse from there and try to balance it. I would say '08 was a much more difficult challenge in terms of forecasting than it is today. And simply because you add more variables and really frankly nobody knew how the world was going to shake out at the end of the financial crisis. I would say here what we have is an unsettled oil market, which is probably the most dramatic impact that we have right now. Its sort of single variable. I think its shown its hand at this point in time. Last piece I would say is we work very hard then to make our forecast come true and so its not a simple way of just predicting the business. We also try to meet forecasts that we give. Our team rallies around these efforts. We are all over new business and driving, leveraging innovation and doing all the things hopefully we'd do. I mentioned earlier were a company now thats been through several years of very strong earnings results, and I always get nervous during these periods because I know there is inefficiencies being built up in the business as a consequence of having strong earnings. And so we look at this as an opportunity to go find those pockets and get after them. And the team is doing that quite successfully. So I think weve got a good forecast here. Weve proven to be a company who can pretty much predict how were going to perform. A lot of it has to do with our business model, mostly consumables. And then for energy I think its pretty straight forward. Energy is a bit of a wild card but weve done a lot of work there. We have some offsets if energy softens. I think were in good shape.
Nate Brochmann: And then just one quick follow up, a little bit more of a bookkeeping thing. But could you just give us an update on where we are in terms of synergies realized through the Champion Nalco deals and what we have left to go and if there is any pockets here or there that youve identified as additional opportunities?
Doug Baker: Yes. Were on track by the end of this year to have 125 booked and well have another 25 year after that, so we believe were going to hit our 150 target.
Operator: Next question comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Doug on the energy piece with business how much will drilling be down in 2015? Because its actually down half year-over-year
Doug Baker: We dont get into the specific forecast but I guess the business thats going to be most impacted here is our WellChem portion of the energy services business. WellChem in 2014 represented 17% of the business. We think that business maybe down 30%. So thats the single largest impact and it assumes drilling as a result would be down in the 35%, 40% range.
David Begleiter: And looking into 2016 Doug, as drilling declines and product declines, can you grow this business double digits do you think '16 at current oil prices and current drilling rates?
Doug Baker: Here's what I would say. Our going in assumption right now and youve got to pick one, is that oil prices remain around this level through much of 2016. Id say lets assume they remain at this level all the way through 2016. Once we lap the oil price decline, you're going to have a much steadier state, and you will start seeing I would say steady state of drilling, steady state of production. We would expect to continue to drive share and you cant forget that the underlying new series old wells come off and are replaced by new wells which we're going to have to do under any oil price scenario, that the new oil commands a lot more of our technology than the old oil and that fact will start taking or having an impact again once you lap this significant decline. So if they stayed through 16 at this level we would expect to show positive sales growth in 2016. I doubt it would be a double digit but I think itd be strong single digits and we would move forward from there.
Operator: Next question comes from Gary Bisbee with RBC Capital Markets.
Gary Bisbee: I'll just follow up on that last one. For the first question how would you think about the phasing in of the benefit from lower raw materials? Does that take a couple of quarters to really pick in and I guess would you likely think youre still going to be getting benefits in 2016 from lower rods assuming that same scenario you discussed which is sort of flattish oil through the year?
Doug Baker: Yes, I mean if oil stays at the same place, you're not going to have the same delta in 2016 as you are in 2015 in terms of raw material impact. But I guess as I just shared with David, at the same time we wouldnt have the same impact on the energy services business. We would respect that to be more accretive in '16 versus '15, even if oil stayed at this price level. To answer your first question, yes, they take some time to come on. I would say more like a quarter. So we're going to see some impact in the first quarter but not necessarily at the run rate that we would expect for the full year. You've got two different conventions globally in terms of how you handle inventory and how fast they show up in U.S versus non-U.S FIFO, LIFO. So some of that has an impact. So we would expect second quarter, third quarter to have a higher positive impact from raws than the first.
Gary Bisbee: And then just a follow up. Mike, in your comments on all the sub-businesses, you mentioned -- it sounded like an awful lot of them, you expect better growth in Q1 than Q4. Just any broad commentary on why? Is that just mostly the new business or are there some other things that you're seeing going on to drive somewhat better -- and I'm talking about sales growth next quarter versus this quarter.
Michael Monahan: Yes, I would say in almost every instance you're going to have stronger sales performance of Q1 versus Q4 with the exception of energy. And what's driving it is the strong cooperate account growth that saw last year which was up dramatically from a very strong year in 2013, and we had a great innovation pipeline last year. Typically these things are leading indicators, and so we are expecting forecasting stronger growth nearly across the board from our other businesses.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
David Ridley-Lane : Sure just wondering how much of the benefit you are baking into the 2015 guidance on the consumer facing side of the business from the lower oil prices?
Michael Monahan: Yes, it would be hard to pull out. I would say that is one of the contribution as to why you're seeing stronger institutional growth in particular. So U.S institutional in the fourth quarter was -- and I would say actually the underlying is as strong as this. There was reported 7% growth, which is faster than we've seen for quite a while. I would think that the first quarter probably, the only exception is maybe a little lighter because you also have some inventory stuff going on in there. But that business has been accelerating steadily for a number of quarters and will have a real benefit from consumer uptick and spending particularly in full service restaurants and casual dining which we're seeing.
David Ridley-Lane : And then just as a sort of numbers questions. Should I take the EPS impact from FX and apply sort of an average margin to get the revenue impact or do you have a sort of a revenue headwind from FX in '15 off hand?
Doug Baker: Yes revenue impact form FX in '15 is expected to be 5% to 6%.
Operator: Next question comes from John Quealy with Canaccord Genuity.
John Quealy: First question, in terms of energy can you talk about concentration? Some of your larger customers that perhaps have deeper resources and better cost profiles, are they becoming a bigger part of the mix in the '15 time frame? If you could give us a little bit of perspective?
Doug Baker: I would say throughout 2014 we had a lot of success increasing our position with the major producers. So that will carry forward. I would say -- I dont know if thats going to be -- so I think thats all good news. We'll continue to do that as I mentioned in my opening comments. Term oil creates opportunity. We've got a very experience energy services management team. They're great. They are all over this. It's not the first time they've seen this. I think they know how to effectively leverage this opportunity, and I think they're making very smart trades out there. With that said, you've got a funny environment. We're going see much stronger sales in the energy business outside of the U.S than we do in the U.S and a lot of thats a function of -- a lot the business outside of the U.S is controlled in one way or another by governments, and when oil price goes down, they pump more, and they do it because they got a bill to pay. And in North America, it's not the situation and it much more reacts to the market. And so we're going see I'd say a much earlier slowdown in North America as a consequence of this as we go through, which is exactly what we're forecasting and foreshadowing for all of you. But that would probably be a more interesting dynamic in the energy business.
John Quealy: And as a follow up, unrelated, in the specialty business, it continues to outperform. Can you dive in a little bit more in terms of details? Is it customer capture? Is it price is it transactions? What exactly is specialty doing in the last few quarters?
Doug Baker: Yes, well on the Specialty business, which is principally our QSR fast food business and food retail business, there are a couple of things. They continue to capture new accounts. That's always critical in driving that business. We've also through realignment of some programs increased their ability to get into a number of customers, and as a consequence they are able to help those customers do a better job in a number of areas and we are able to trade out one product for another, i.e. competitors for ours and we're growing the business as a result. So increased coverage, increased new customers.
Operator: Next question comes from Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research. 
Dmitry Silversteyn: Most of my questions have been answered, but I would like to touch base on a couple of things. In year other business, you had pretty good growth in the pest elimination business. Was there a big difference between international and domestic pest elimination performance?
Doug Baker: Not dramatic. The big business remains the U.S pest business and it has been steadily improving. We made a number of investments in that business starting two years ago. We're going to continue them. I would say kind of the heavy investment status going into 2015 has been paying off and accelerating sales. I would also say there's a number of other metrics that continue to improve in that business. So that is the biggest piece of the pest business. Equipment care, I think Mike mentioned had a softer sales performance in Q4. A lot of that was planned and our own doing, and we expect equipment care to come out and have a stronger first quarter in terms of sales performance. But I would point out equipment care made like $8 million last year, which is dramatically better than the losses that we had just a couple of years ago. So that team has done a good job. 
Dmitry Silversteyn: Sure. Just to follow-up on the sort of your outlook for revenues and foreign exchange headwinds in 2015, in the past, at least on the water treatment side of the business, going back before you guys owned the business but just going back a decade or more when there was the last time there was a serious deflation in international currencies, the water treatment businesses moved quickly to raise pricing to offset that, particularly in the emerging markets where currencies were particularly volatile. Are you seeing the ability to do the same thing in 2015 or have the markets matured since then where it's not as easy to get pricing when currencies tumble?
Doug Baker: Yes, I would say two things. One, our strategy is to make or resell as much as we can, because we want to have currencies not be a strategic issue but to be a translation issue only. Meaning if you are a complete exporter right now in U.S dollar, obviously you got a problem because your stuff just got a lot more expensive and your competitiveness just weakened significantly. That's not the situation we find ourselves in broadly, but there are pockets. With that said, where you have significant devaluation, we have strong inflation as a result in new business which is the situation in a number of countries. You have to go after pricing. I think we're all well-schooled in this. We've been doing it collectively as a business for over 50 years. I think our team is all over this. That is both on the WPS side as well as the institutional F&B et cetera. So they are cognitive of the impacts. Where we do have what I would say export situations, we try to understand the market impact as well as the margin impact. We don't like to drive ourselves out of business by losing share through too aggressive pricing. We don't think it makes sense for the long-term. We would rather get after the cost problem and fix it if that's the issue and it's basically self-inflicted.
Operator: Next question comes from Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik: So firstly on Energy, just to touch on the remaining I guess 80% of the business, so you had 11% growth this year. You are forecasting I guess flat -- if you assume that 30% decline on the WellChem business as you said, I guess just talking about 6% growth for the rest of the businesses, I was wondering if you'd help understand how that compared to the growth in 2014 and how much of the modest price decreases that you referred to play a role in that slowdown?
Doug Baker: Yes, what I would say if you did a lock through, then you've have got as I mentioned earlier WellChem, 17% of the business down, call it a third. You've got OFC which is just under 60% of the business. Here we would expect in the mid-single digits this year and certainly some of the impact is -- about a third of that business is in a cost plus relationship. So you're going to have some modest price decline across that business as a result. But importantly, as oil comes back or raw materials come back, it will also be reflected in increased pricing in that business. And downstream we would expect to react next year much like this year, which is high single-digits. So thats probably that fast walk through of how we see sales performing this year 
Manav Patnaik: Okay, and just in the context of -- I understand the moving pieces here, but would you say that your first take at these numbers, you've erred more on the conservative side of things?
Doug Baker: I'm giving you our best forecast. So I would call it a 50-50 forecast is what we do when we go out. Its exactly the approach that weve taken for the last I dont know 20 years and its the approach thats worked quite well for us because we tried to make sure we understand what the different inputs are and we take them all into account. We try to pick the midpoint, understand the plus minus on either side of that thing and work our forecast there.
Manav Patnaik: Okay, and then just if I could lastly on Healthcare, it seemed it had a good sort of end to the year. Like what sort of milestones should we be looking forward to as you've sort of been trying really grow that business in the next couple of years?
Doug Baker: Well, I think the most important milestone, weve said a year ago during this call that we really said expect Healthcare really not to get better until the end of the year, and you should start seeing better sales performance in Q4, Q1. That is showing up and coming through. Whats happening is we strengthened our programs. Its leading to new customer sales. There were a number of significant customer sales in the second half in healthcare. It's the only way we can grow sales is by selling more stuff to more people. And so weve got to find a way to grow share there, which is what were doing successfully. So the team I think used the time wisely. The business is in better shape than it was a year ago and we expect the acceleration to continue in the first quarter.
Operator: Next question comes from Mike Harrison with First Analysis.
Mike Harrison: Doug, you mentioned that within the Water business there was strength in the mining side of the market. Is that just recovery against a weak comp? Are you seeing some share gains or were there are new minefields in there? I just think its a little unexpected to see the strength there given that commodity prices are not great. So trying to understand the sustainability.
Doug Baker: Well, youre right. So the number in mining I believe was 8%, but that included the impact of a recent acquisition. Without that it was basically flat in the quarter. And so youre theory is right. Mining is in a difficult patch right now, but we expect it to improve throughout the year, in the year.
Mike Harrison: And then was the dust control acquisition you were referring to?
Doug Baker: Yes.
Mike Harrison: Okay, and then on the institutional side, I think the view of most of us was that you guys stood the benefit from potential consolidation in the food service distributor market. Does your forecast assume that that big merger does or does not happen? And would it be a disappointment if it didnt?
Doug Baker: Well, it'd probably certainly be a disappointment for two of our major customers, U.S. Foods and Cisco. So I guess Ill share their disappointment. But I would say two things. We have had a long and healthy relationship with Cisco. Weve also had a long and healthy relationship with U.S. Foods as well as other providers in the market which is unique to us. I think we work and partner very well with customers, and I guess the way we view this is this is clearly out of our control. I think our teams done a very good job developing plans. Certainly as if it closes and if there's unforeseen things well manage through that I think quite successfully.
Operator: Next question comes from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
George D'Angelo: This is George D'Angelo on for Laurence. In your slide there is a line about doing M&A in distressed markets. Is that a reference to oil or more certain geographies?
Doug Baker: Both. I would say certainly if there are providers of technology and/or geographic moves to be made in energy services, we would certainly use this as an opportunity to do it. But also more broadly, either in water, institutional, healthcare, F&B, pick it, in certain geographies where youve got some currency imbalances, we would look for opportunities too.
George D'Angelo: And then as you guys look at the margin levers that youre pulling this year, to what extent are you pulling margin improvement forward for the next few years? And then if demand recovers, will there be any offset in terms of margin expansion?
Doug Baker: No, I dont even -- I dont know that we know how to do that and it certainly isnt in our plan. So no I wouldnt expect any negative rebound as a consequence of actions were taking this year.
George D'Angelo: Okay, and just one last quick one. What percentage of sales in the energy segment are to governments and are there any governments that are particularly large percentage of sales?
Doug Baker: Well, its not directly to governments per se in all cases. It could be state owned enterprises and others. I dont know that I have number at hand here. 63% of that business is in North America. So you so and start whittling down from there.
Operator: Next question comes from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger: Curious, with regard to some of your more upstream areas in energy and well completion, anecdotally what are you hearing from customers on the volume, on the price side? We obviously see the guidance and how it progresses through the year. But are you sensing aggressive behavior from your customers there, just anecdotally whats youre seeing and hearing from your [indiscernible].
Doug Baker: I think what we've seen is fairly dramatic cut back in terms of exploration capital and drilling activity. In terms of production I would say we're seeing some markets where production is up quite dramatically because they're trying to offset the negative impact of lower price, because they've got I would say some bills to pay. And in others areas, obviously ultimately we think production will get more in line with demand and I guess we forecast our belief right now is that may be well into 2016. But this is a very different energy situation than was '08 - '09 where really you had very dramatic demand disruption. This is much more oversupply situation. 
Scott Schneeberger: And following upon that, internally would we see any material change in CapEx over the course of 2015, may be into '16 with regard to energy just on the commodity prices.
Doug Baker: Our own capital spending or our
Scott Schneeberger: Yes.
Doug Baker: Yes. Certainly a fair -- for deploying less new business for a period of time they'll see less capital deployed there. I would also say some of the things you might have to do from a volume capacity situation might be delayed six months or a couple quarters simply because of the forecast we just gave you on sales. 
Scott Schneeberger: Nothing that will take you too much off your historical total company CapEx to revenue relationship.
Doug Baker: No, because sales are down also in energy. So I think you can use the historic numbers that you've been using as you go forward model.
Operator: Next question comes from John Roberts with UBS. 
John Roberts: I'm looking at Slide 9 and we've got 5% to 12% growth in the first quarter and then higher growth in the remaining three quarters of the year, 8% to 13%. I would have guessed that the comps are going be more challenging in either the second quarter because of currency or maybe the third quarter because of energy. But is that fair to say that, that 8% to 13% for the second, third and fourth quarter, one of those quarters is going to be your toughest comparison of the year. 
Doug Baker: Well, I'd say two things. Our toughest FX quarter in 2014 was the fourth. And as you go forward, because it really started moving then. The biggest driver, and I think if you go down below embedded in those numbers we've tried to call out that the raw material moved, you're seeing a nipple in first quarter and averaging $0.10 in the next three quarters. Thats probably the single biggest rate change.
John Roberts: And then could I get an update on some of the new products. There are three I'm thinking of, but maybe you could comment on something different. I'd like an update on new Clean-in-Place using 3D TRASAR, the new solids water treatment for commercial buildings and I dont know whether the energy drop has stalled the shale water recycling effort you had.
Doug Baker: The CIP I would say continues progress well bit we've I think tried to say that that thing is going be a slow build over a period of time. And so while it's doing what we expect it to do, it's not a big volume driver yet. What I would call it is it's very important in continuing to build our relationships and attract new customers. So in '15 we would expect that to be like little over a $1.5 million. In terms of solids for water, that one is -- uptake is much faster. We would expect $12 million in revenue next year, off a much smaller base and then APAC Europe is about $30 million. We are rolling out what I call our generation that we've been selling in the U.S with some tweaks for formulation in Europe. We're having great success there. Thats going quite well. Those would probably being the big early drivers in terms of what you would expect to see from innovation.
Operator: Next question comes from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Bob Koort: Doug, I think you mentioned that you expect the most pronounced energy weakness in the WellChem business. Have you seen any deviation by geography on-shore, off-shore, regionally around the world or do you expect it to be pretty consistent and broad based.
Doug Baker: No it I think what we're going to see is a much more dramatic impact in North America. I mean, you want a big generalization. Because really there's a bunch of private companies reacting to a market. And when you get outside of the U.S, it's not completely true, but in many instances you've got different factors driving pumping decisions if you will, in terms of -- I think in the fourth quarter, it was announced that Russia had record oil production. So it certainly wasn't a price trigger. It was they need to feed Russia. And so if you are going to offset a decline in price, you're going to do it through more volume and so they're not alone in that. You see that in other countries. So it's a consequence. You're going to see a more dramatic fall I think and probably bounce back in North America.
Bob Koort: Do you suspect there could be any issues around credit profiles of your customer base and concerns there as you go forward with this dramatic step change?
Doug Baker: I would say there's always -- you never say never on questions like that. But I'd say is there is no material concentration in terms of how the business is spread. You also typically -- we're also selling to intermediaries who are taking some of that risk, and at the end of the day they've got a great backing, which is they hold the oil.
Bob Koort: And my last comment, I think you mentioned you'd be willing to buy some distressed stuff. I'm wondering specifically within the energy portfolio, do you feel like there are product applications, chemistries products that you lack today that keep you out of certain customers and service deals or are these really going to be very narrow tuck-ins and not really things that are filling a dire need to have a broader portfolio?
Michael Monahan: Yes, I don't think we feel at all impaired in our ability to go, serve and do what we've been doing, but there are opportunities if you will to have -- I guess stretch our capabilities and create new opportunities and those would be the areas that we would be looking at it. So it would be somewhat similar technology but in a new area that would allow us to play and expand our footprint. 
Operator: Next question comes from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar: Doug, healthcare was seen as a major growth driver prior to your entry into Energy. And Energy slows down, would you look at healthcare again as an area to invest in?
Doug Baker: Yes P.J., I guess I would say, we never really lost our interest and our belief in healthcare even as a consequence of energy's very stellar run. So I guess we're clearly steadfast. What we did say last year is we were quote unquote putting it in the shop because we had some work to do on the offering. I think that time has been well spent. It's not like we love 4% growth in the fourth quarter. It's just better than 1% growth. But it's the step you have got to take if you want to get back to high single-digits and ideally hopefully back to double-digits. So I'd say healthcare remains a great area, we believe for us to play and we remain very interested in continuing to build that business.
P.J. Juvekar: Okay. And then a financial question. You your net debt to EBITDA is about 2.2 times. You announced $1 billion buyback. You also said that you want to ramp up M&A with a strong dollar here. So when you -- if you take actions on both of those, where do you think your leverage ratio will stabilize?
Doug Baker: Yes not much different from where it is now maybe marginally lower like 2 1. 
P.J. Juvekar: But if you do those you are saying that you can fund those both through your free cash flow and then pay down some debt to bring it down?
Doug Baker: Yes. We expect to make more money this year. That's part of the equation. But yes we've certainly done the math here. 
Operator: Next question comes from Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Hey Doug, on the institutional side, are you already seeing some benefit from the lower oil prices, putting more money in the consumer's pockets? I am hearing the restaurant [ph], it's not quantified and hospitality also not quantified but people are talking about core on the margins. Are you clients telling you it's having more of an impact on them?
Doug Baker: I guess, I cited a number earlier that Institutional had a particularly strong quarter in North America, Q4 up 7 and I wouldn't take that and roll 7 forward for the next 12 years, because then there was probably some inventory build. But with that said, I guess we attribute that to of course our own great execution. But no doubt the market has gotten a little better. I think in the fourth quarter it was the first time and I don't remember four or five years that we saw an uptick in old service restaurant foot traffic. And I don't think it's coincidental. I think it's as a result of more dollars in consumer's pockets. And whats your broadly -- or if you wont talk about specific geographies, what should we think about in terms of the sales outlook for Europe, talking about continuing to get the margin expansion? Are you going to get any -- are you expecting to get some additional benefit from the top line or is it despite not a lot of benefit in to the top line?
Doug Baker: Its going to be more muted because its Europe but no, we would expect that we are going to have improved sales in 2015. I would say all the signs that we see, the business steadily, if you looked underneath, got better throughout the year. It was modestly positive in 2014 if youre all in. We see pretty good start to the business in 2015. Wed expect to have a couple of points of sales growth which is going to be critical because its going to be a real driver now going forward of margin expansion. And if we see that we think were going to have another very, very positive year in terms of margin expansion.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: And then just thinking about free cash flow for 2015, should I think of it on a free cash flow basis, not necessarily EBITDA but free cash flow. Should I think of that growing in line with EPS growth?
Doug Baker: Yes.
Operator: Next question comes from Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company.
Rosemarie Morbelli: And just Doug following up on the 2% growth in European sales, that is I presume before FX isnt it? Or are you including the negative impact from FX?
Doug Baker: Thank you, Rosemarie. No, that is a fixed currency yield.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Okay, so now I have a question on Energy. Would you expect to be flat? If I remember correctly your earlier comments, at the end of the third quarter what you said was that if oil remain between $81 and $91, so lets call it $85, your revenues in that segment would be up 10%. If oil came down to $75 it would be up 5%. So you are losing 5% of growth with $10 difference. Now oil is at lets call it 50 and shouldnt it be down 10% versus last year as opposed to being flat and what am I missing?
Doug Baker: Well, really its -- the volume is -- at the end of the day, were mostly in the production phase and were also in the refining phase and thats going to be mostly driven by demand. Demand of oil year-on-year is going to be slightly up is the forecast, very slightly. But youre not having a huge degradation in volume of oil produced around the world. Well, youre going to have produce but not a consumed. And so well take some production hit on this thing but you also have to understand underneath there as old comes on and new comes on, we have a significant step up in the amount of stuff consumed in the new wells. So taking a linear drive on this across the enterprise. This is not going to work and its not just price. Were not stuck on the price.
Rosemarie Morbelli: And then lastly, if I may, can you give us approximately the number of sales force addition for the year and whether you expect to add the same amount more or less in 2015?
Doug Baker: Certainly in total its going to be around 2%. Obviously the mix is going to be somewhat different. Were not going to see the same adds obviously in energy services and you'll probably see a little more in institutional as a consequence of the strength there.
Operator: Our final question comes from Justin Hauke with Robert Baird.
Justin Hauke: So I dont see in the interim on the loss, but I guess if we could just get a little bit more color on specifically what raws you see benefiting because when you look at refined product prices, it really hasn't moved a whole lot. So maybe just the magnitude of that. And then I know raws are roughly 50% of your cost of goods sold. What's embedded in the guidance in terms of a percentage decline in your raws?
Doug Baker: Well, I think if you go to Page 9 we gave you what the embedded raw material savings are and EPS. You know the number of shares. You can get into it. Were trying to make this clear. I would say a lot of these -- half of that benefit and this is the way it falls, because energy buys more oil based or oil derived raw materials than our other businesses. And they will see the most benefit. Some of that will be given back in the form of cost relief to customers as a consequence of our cost plus contracts. We have other businesses where really they do not a dramatic change in raw materials. Institutional as some savings, fairly modest, because you also have a lot of caustic and other materials that they buy which are not going to be impacted by the price of oil. I would say across the enterprise what's often lost when we have this discussion is what are the inflation drivers in our business? It's rarely, really raw materials. We spend a lot more on people then we do on raw materials and our people costs go up every year, both in terms of salary or what we pay them and benefits. And that is the number one inflation driver and certainly will be an inflation driver this year, even for those businesses, seeing material raw material savings. They will still net have inflation, i.e. the costs will be higher. How do we offset that productivity gains, really driven by implementation, new technology, we work to do a number of things, reformulation of products. So we can give a better product at a lower raw material cost. But this trade is also got to be favorable for customers where ultimately you start cashing in your good will over time which is a bad thing to do if you want to be share leader for an extended period of time. So I dont know that helps but I would look at Page 9. I think a lot of answers are there. Or if you have model questions, you can certainly Mike or Lisa.
Justin Hauke: Yes. No thanks. I didnt see that online. And then on last question, this more of a clarification. On the $0.20 special charges in '15, is there anything thats incremental in that restructuring? Because if we go back and look at what's been disclosed in the Ks for the restructuring cost related to Nalco and Champion, you would thought it would have been maybe half of that. So is there anything that's new you just have some numbers messed up there.
Doug Baker: Yes, what I mentioned earlier, we went and challenged our businesses to go relook at where synergies would likely exist, and maybe we didnt find them at the rate we expected, that we have gone after and re looked at opportunities both in regional costs and some corporate cost, as well as within some divisions where we had some I would say natural synergies as well, say WPS, where we folded in the historic Ecolab business into the WPS business and in those areas. So certainly we use the opportunity that FX pressure has bought to challenge our team to get after and take another look.
Operator: We'll turn the call back over to Monahan for closing comments.
Michael Monahan: Thanks everyone. That wraps up our fourth quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated slides will be available for replay on our website. Thanks for your time and participation today. Our best wishes for the rest of the day to you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference. Please disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-28 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Monahan - Senior Vice President of External Relations Doug Baker - Chairman and CEO
Analysts: Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets Mike Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Nate Brochmann - William Blair John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity John McNulty - Crdit Suisse David Ridley-Lane - Merrill Lynch John Roberts - UBS Laurence Alexander - Jefferies Andy Wittmann - Baird Mike Harrison - First Analysis Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company Manav Patnaik - Barclays Bob Koort - Goldman Sachs Eric Petrie - Citi Richard OReilly - Revere Associates
Operator: Welcome to the Ecolab Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now Id like to turn over the call to Mr. Michael Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Monahan: Hello everyone. And welcome to Ecolabs Third Quarter Conference Call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolabs Chairman and CEO. A copy of our earnings release and the accompanying slides referenced in this teleconference are available on Ecolabs website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements on slide 2, stating that this teleconference and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Forms 10-K and 10-Q item under Item 1A, Risk Factors, in our third quarter release and on slide 2. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with an overview on slide 3, we delivered strong results in the third quarter. Sales volume growth was strong, improving from the second quarter rate. We leveraged that growth along with pricing and our synergy and cost efficiency work to substantially increase our adjusted operating margins and produce a very strong adjusted earnings per share increase. Looking ahead, we expect to continue to outperform our markets and show strong 13% to 17% adjusted earnings gains in the fourth quarter and upper-teens EPS growth for the full year as good sales growth, appropriate pricing, innovation, synergies and margin leverage more than offset weak international markets. Moving to some highlights from the third quarter and as discussed in our press release, reported third quarter earnings per share were $1.19. On an adjusted basis, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items from both years, third quarter 2014 earnings per share increased a strong 16% to a record $1.21. The adjusted earnings per share growth was driven by volume and pricing, new products, account gains, synergies and cost-savings actions. Our fixed-currency acquisition adjusted sales growth rate improved from the second quarter, rising 6% and was led by our Energy, Specialty and other businesses. Latin America led the regional growth once again and we enjoyed good growth in North America and Asia-Pacific. We continue to be aggressive, focusing on top-line growth. We are emphasizing our innovative product and service strength, as well as our wide range of effective solutions to help customers get better results and lower operating costs and through these, drive new account gains across all of our customer segments. We also continue to implement appropriate price increases to help offset higher costs and investments in our business. We expanded our adjusted fixed-currency operating margins a 110 basis points in the quarter, as we continue to emphasize productivity and efficiency improvement as well as drive merger synergies. We also continue to make investments in key growth businesses to sustain our technology, and sales and service leadership. We remain on plan for achieving our Nalco and Champion synergy targets. And our Europe margins are on track for further strong expansion again this year. Looking ahead, while end markets present ongoing challenges, we look for the fourth quarter to show continued strong sales gains and margin improvement. Fourth quarter adjusted EPS is expected to increase 13% to 17% to the $1.18 to $1.22 range and compare with last years adjusted EPS of $1.04. Business growth and the benefits from synergies and cost reductions should more than offset lackluster global economic trends. In addition, the quarter will compare against a 17% adjusted EPS gain in last years fourth quarter. For the full year 2014, we continue to look for a very strong 18% to 19% EPS increase to the $4.16 to $4.20 range. In summary, our third quarter performed well. And we expect the fourth quarter to also show strong earnings growth as we more than offset challenging economic conditions while making the key investments to drive our superior results this year, as well as for the future. Slide 4 shows our third quarter results, both as reported and with adjustments for special gains and charges, while slide five shows our sales growth detail. Ecolabs consolidated fixed-currency sales for the third quarter increased 6%. Acquisition-adjusted fixed-currency sales also rose 6%. Looking at the growth components. Volume and mix increased 5%; pricing rose 1%; acquisitions and divestitures and currency were not significant. Reported fixed-currency sales for the Global Industrial segment rose 3%; adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures sales increased 2%. Third quarter fixed-currency global Food & Beverage sales increased 4%, growth was led by dairy and agri with the moderate sales growth in beverage which more than offset lower sales in the weak protein market. Regionally, Asia-Pacific and Latin America led results with the other region showing modest growth, driven by share gains as we more than offset plant closures and weak volumes. Food & Beverage continues to benefit from its Total Plant Assurance approach to the customers, in which we combine industry-leading Cleaning & Sanitizing, Water Treatment and Pest Elimination capabilities to deliver improved food safety results, lower operating costs and better product quality assurance for customers. This has enabled us to win business with key global customers and offset difficult conditions in our North America and Europe markets, where lower volumes, as well as customer capacity reduction and plant closures, have impacted sales. Looking ahead, we expect modest organic sales growth in the fourth quarter. We look for further benefits from growth synergies, better customer penetration and new business capture, as well as leverage from our innovation pipeline, including 3D TRASAR for clean-in-place systems in Food & Beverage plants to more than offset tough industry conditions. Acquisition-adjusted fixed-currency water sales increased 3%. The heavy and light businesses showed good growth and mining recorded slight gains as industrial markets generally weaken during the quarter. Regionally, we saw a good growth in Latin America, moderate growth in North America and modest gains in both EMEA and Asia-Pacific. Introduction of 3D TRASAR for hotel and other institutional cooling systems, utilizing solid chemistry and advance dispensing is going well. We also continue to drive better penetration in our other water markets using our innovative solutions to optimize water usage. We remain focused on building our corporate account and enterprise sales team, delivering our growth synergies and improving product innovation to drive revenues. We expect to show further moderate growth in the fourth quarter as market share gains drive our heavy and light businesses to outperform end-markets. Acquisition-adjusted third quarter fixed-currency paper sales declined 3%. Latin America recorded double-digit growth. Elsewhere we saw a sales decline resulting from continued low customer plant utilization and customer closures. We expect Paper to show a modest sales decline in the fourth quarter as we drive new business and technology penetration to offset the difficult paper market conditions. Fixed-currency sales for the Global Institutional segment rose 4%. Turning to the businesses that make up the segment. Divestiture adjusted fixed-currency sales for the Institutional business grew 4%. Institutionals end markets remain mixed with moderate growth in global lodging room demand and still soft foodservice foot traffic across North America and Europe. Looking at regional sales trends, Institutional posted solid sales growth in North America, Asia-Pacific and Latin America, while Europes ongoing business declined slightly. Sales initiatives targeting new customers and effective product and service programs around our core markets continue to drive our results. We also continue to leverage our global technology through the rollout of Apex, our next-generation warewashing platform in Europe. To drive our future growth and improve on our industry leadership position, we remain focused on executing global sales initiatives, globalizing core competencies and introducing product innovation that delivers increased value with solutions that reduce water, energy and labor costs. Were also making further investments in field technology to enhance execution in sales and service. And we have better aligned our local sales team efforts around our global value proposition. We look for Institutional to show further good sales growth in the fourth quarter as we make further progress in our global sales initiative and continue our aggressive sales efforts to outperform challenging global market. Third quarter sales for Specialty grew 9% in fixed currency. Quick service enjoyed strong sales growth. New accounts, along with increased service coverage and additional solutions for customers to drive their operating efficiency and food safety, leveraged generally modest industry trend. Regionally, the U.S. and Europe saw a good growth from new accounts and additional customer solutions, while Asia-Pacific benefited from good quick service foot traffic growth. The Food Retail business saw solid gains in the third quarter, benefiting from customer additions, new products and increased penetration. Fourth quarter Specialty sales could see steady progress in comparison to last years strong period may moderate the recorded growth. Fixed-currency Global Healthcare sales decreased 1%. New account growth and new product introductions were more than offset by continued weak hospital trends and delayed buying decisions in the U.S. healthcare markets. Growth sales in this challenging environment, were strengthening our corporate accounts approach and our integrated value proposition, as well as improving our product portfolio. We expect modest Global Healthcare sales growth in the fourth quarter as we continue our work to strengthen our business and succeed in North America and Europe healthcare market. Fixed-currency Energy segment sales grew 14%. Our upstream business saw a robust foot growth in the third quarter led by a strong international performance and good North America results. Downstream business saw a good increase led by strong international performance and share gains in North America. As a side note, Russia represents less than 5% of our Energy sales. Since the bulk of our business in Russia is in conventional wells, [print] sanctions have little impact on that business. In addition, while oil prices have declined in recent weeks, we believe they are still at levels that support continued industry investment in exploration and production. Further, with our business model heavily weighted to more recurring revenue, production refining business were minimally impacted by short-term changes in oil prices. Looking ahead, we expect acquisition-adjusted Energy segment sales to show a fourth quarter and full year 2014 sales increase in the 10% range as new business resulting from ongoing share gains and new production coming online drives growth. Sales for our Other segment increased 7%. Fixed-currency Global Pest sales increased 6% in the third quarter. We enjoyed good growth in Food & Beverage and milder growth in restaurants. Regionally, we delivered double-digit growth in Latin America and Asia-Pacific and solid growth in EMEA and North America. We continue to drive market penetration with innovative service offerings and technology to make progress in globalizing our market-focused capabilities and field technologies. We expect Global Pest sales to show continued good growth in the fourth quarter led by gains in all markets. Equipment Care sales grew 10% in the third quarter. New account sales, better penetration, pricing actions and improved technician capacity and productivity drove strong service revenue growth. We expect Equipment Care to show further strong gains in the fourth quarter as continued good service trends, pricing initiatives and streamlined operations benefit results. Slide 6 of our presentation shows selected income statement items. Third quarter gross margins were 46.7%. When adjusted for special charges, third quarter 2014 gross margins rose 10 basis points above last year. Volume and pricing gains, as well as merger synergies and cost efficiencies more than offset higher cost input and the business mix impact of higher energy sales, which on average have a lower gross margin when compared with our other businesses. SG&A expenses represented 31% of third quarter sales. The SG&A ratio improved 100 basis points versus last year. The improvement reflected sales gains, merger synergies and cost savings efforts as well as the mix of higher energy sales, which on average have a lower SG&A ratio when compared with our other businesses. Consolidated operating income margins were 15.5%. Adjusted for special charges, fixed-currency operating income margins were 15.7%, rising 110 basis points over last years comparable margin. Fixed-currency operating income for Global Industrial increased 2%. Acquisition adjusted operating income grew 1%, with margins off 10 basis points. Good improvements in Water and Food & Beverage income were partially offset by volume driven decline in Paper. Fixed currency operating income for Global Institutional increased 5%; results benefited from pricing, volume gains and cost efficiencies, which more than offset higher delivered product costs and investments in the business. Fixed-currency Global Energy operating income increased 39% and margins expanded 290 basis points. Volume gains, operating leverage, synergies and pricing led the increase. Fixed-currency operating income for the other segment increased 15% and margins expanded 120 basis points. Improved operating results offset investments in the business and higher costs. The Corporate segment and tax rate are discussed in the press. As before, please note that our tax rate assumptions for the full year assume passage of the R&D tax credit in the fourth quarter. The net of this performance is that Ecolab reported third quarter diluted earnings per share of $1.19 compared with $1 reported a year ago. When adjusted for special gains and charges and discrete tax items in both years, adjusted earnings increased 16% to $1.21 when compared with $1.04 earned a year ago. Turning to slide 7 and looking at Ecolabs balance sheet. Net debt to total capital was 46%, with net debt to adjusted EBITDA at 2.5 times. Looking ahead and as outlined on slide eight, we continue to take aggressive actions to drive both our top and bottom line. Were expanding our market share and customer penetration among major accounts and leveraging our positions in key growth markets as we work to offset weak economies and unfavorable currency exchange rates, which will likely negatively impact fourth quarter reported sales by a couple of percentage points. We expect to show good acquisition-adjusted sales growth and margin expansion, driven by innovation, pricing, merger synergies and better operating efficiencies. We expect to deliver on these aggressive goals while building growth for the future. We expect adjusted fourth quarter 2014 diluted earnings per share to increase 13% to 17% to the $1.18 to $1.22 range. Further, the fourth quarter will also compare against the strong period last year when adjusted earnings per share rose 17% to $1.04. We continue to look for the full year 2014 to show very strong growth as adjusted earnings per share are expected to increase 18% to 19% to the $4.16 to $4.20 range. In summary, once again we delivered on our forecast in the third quarter with a solid sales gain and continued margin improvement, while offsetting market challenges and investing in our future. We look for further solid acquisition-adjusted sales growth and continued double-digit profit gains in the fourth quarter, as well as for the full year 2014, as we work to deliver yet another strong year and build for our future. And now heres Doug Baker with some comments.
Doug Baker: Hi, good afternoon. Well first on the quarter, we had a very good quarter. We saw the improvement in the underlying business that we expected and predicted. Sales accelerated to 6%, new business was again very strong, up significantly versus last years record year. Our innovation is on track; were getting all synergy in Europe renaissance calls. And energy is back to double-digits growing 14% in the quarter and on track to deliver double-digit growth for the year. This all occurred in extremely turbulent environment globally. This is an environment we dont expect to change, but this is a challenge our team and business I believe is well equipped to manage.  So, looking forward, we expect to finish the year in a strong way. We forecast EPS growth for the full year of 18% to 19%. We expect in Q4 similar sales growth driven by continued strong new business results and double-digit energy growth, which leads me to the topic of the day if not the week and thats oil price and its potential impact on our business. Let me talk two scenarios because its easier than trying to go through every potential scenario. I am going to talk about $80 and above oil, WTI and then also the $74 scenario which seems to be the popular scenario given Goldman Sachs recent call. For $80 and above, I would just say its same as it ever was, meaning oil production is on; healthy industry, we like it close to $80 because also while you have full production in the oil and gas business, you also have economic benefits and favorable raw materials. If price falls below $80 depending on how far and for how long, it would likely be a drop in activity. There isnt any clear consensus on a simple number, but if its $70 over an extended period, wed certainly see a pull back. At $75 we would expect a modest pull back. The impact on us, so wed say double-digit energy growth would likely turn into high single-digit growth as less than 25% of our energy business is exposed to the parts of the industry most impacted by pricing at that level. So, this is of a small if any impact on the overall company operating income as we would take a number of steps to offset this top-line impact. Energy itself would shift from full on growth to growth and cost savings initiatives they would balance their portfolio if you will of activity. Lower raw materials would probably occur across the company as we see lower oil prices. And three we would also likely see improved institutional market particularly in U.S., if consumers would have more discretionary dollars to spend as a price of the pump continues to lower. Now when you look at our business, weve got a business well positioned to manage through either scenario and or other scenario. Id say most importantly we have a team thats quite good at reacting to a ever changing environment. I think we have proven that over the years. So, my expectations that well continue to grow and perform in any of the reasonable scenarios I have seen so far this year and beyond. So good quarter, were in good position. We like what were doing. Were going to continue to do it going forward.
Michael Monahan: Thanks, Doug. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, would you please begin the question-and-answer period.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Gary Bisbee with RBC Capital Markets.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. I guess the question is if we look at the Global Industrial and Global Institutional businesses, profit growth remains fairly low and energy I think at some point in the next two or three years is likely to slow quite a bit as the synergies are more fully achieved. The question is whats it going to take to drive faster revenue and particularly profit growth from the legacy Global Industrial and Institutional segments? Is it just better global economic growth or what else that you can control can drive better growth in those? Thanks.
Doug Baker: Yes. Gary, I would say two things. Institutional underlying a number of things are going well. I would also say in Europe in particular weve taking a number of steps to get that business, what I would say right and get focused on the core Institutional business. While, were going through the steps, its I would say having an impact on reported operating income to remains leverage in the Institutional business particularly in our AP, LA and European businesses as we go through and continue to drive volume. So by no means, do we feel like were pinned on Institutional profitability going forward. I would say while youve got a couple of engines really firing, you often start working on the other engines to make sure that theyre going to be in good position as you move forward. On the Industrial side, it is more a function of sales volume. And the sales volume in Industrial, which Im sure well end up having a conversation about, weve got a pretty mix result when you look at our Industrial businesses. We have our core Water business, which is up 5% globally, our F&B business which is up 4%, Mining is roughly flat and then you had Paper down 3%. These businesses are ones that are probably most not knocked around economically. For the year, weve seen losses in the neighborhood of $50 million from plant closures in these businesses. And those closures have disproportionately impacted Mining and Paper. With that said, I think were in very good position. Were nearing if not any bottom of a cycle. And as we start moving out of that cycle and we start having volume leverage, youre going to start seeing I think good OI returns as we move forward. So, the good news is we think were near the bottom. We think for sure closures are slowing. So at least we arent if you will running against our current. And going forward, we would expect pretty similar results in Q4 as you saw on Q3 in Industrial, but significantly improved results as we go through 2015.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets: Great. And then the quick follow-up just what exact impact has the European weaker economic environment had like this quarter on results versus two or three quarters ago because I did note in the press release that it did say that there was a slight decline and I believe that was the Institutional segment in Europe. And I think youve been talking about flattish. So, did it get a lot worse or is that more just that hasnt gotten better? Thank you.
Doug Baker: Yes. Its significantly degrade. I think in total our European businesses were up 1% for the quarter. I mean its not a number well celebrate, but there wasnt any big degradation as a result of the European economic situation. We would anticipate that European situation is going to remain challenging. We believe well continue to keep our nose above water and we believe well continue to show OI improvement as a result of all the efforts that weve undertaken under the Renaissance program.
Gary Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Ritzenthaler with Piper Jaffray.
Mike Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray: Yes, good morning. Question on Food & Beverage, which continues to post a very resilient growth. I was just wondering on the challenges that your customers are seeing from closures and things like that, is that -- is the growth for Ecolab mainly new product launches, is it account wins or something else? 
Doug Baker: Yes, it certainly total plant assurance program which enables us to do more for existing customers but has also secured new business. I would say across the board weve had great success securing new business. I mean its the only way youre going to accelerate the economic situation we find ourselves in, and thats true for F&B as well as the other businesses. And I think F&B is well poised to continue to perform well. So our expectation is that we continue to grow in spite of the economic condition. We expect that well still see some closures as the customer set tries to make sure that they economize wherever they can because its the tough environment for them. But this makes sense that our total plant assurance programs, our efforts to lower energy and water costs are particularly important in difficult times which is why I believe were having such a good success securing new businesses.
Mike Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then a follow-up on institutional is a bit harder to quantify, but are your customers noting anything whether its the order book or just anecdotally on the slowdown in foot traffic or occupancy that on these Ebola fears?
Doug Baker: No, I dont, I mean outside of the obvious hotspots in West Africa, I mean no, we have not that anything I have heard of seen any impact. I mean Ebola conversation in United States is probably overblown to what we anticipate the real impact will be as we move forward, but we have not seen anything.
Mike Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray: Fair enough. Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Good morning. Just wanted to -- or I guess its afternoon, sorry. I found it interesting that in several of your businesses you talked about Latin America and Asia-Pacific as being the growth drivers. Weve seen Latin America struggle as a region for a lot of companies in various businesses in this sector and obviously the slowdown in China and in Asia-Pacific countries in general has got people concerned. So you seem to be sort of sailing against that tide. Can you talk about whats allowing you to actually have these territories be the driver of better performance rather than sort of an explanation for why the performance wasnt quite so good?
Doug Baker: Well, I guess in Latin America, we continue to drive shares successfully in that market. And I dont think there is any magic formula that we have. Some of our businesses are probably exposed to the challenges, but I would anticipate well continue to perform well in Latin America. Were not completely immune from economic impacts, but we still believe were going to have healthy growth in Latin America moving forward. Asia, I think clearly on the industrial side, youve seen and weve seen and felt impact from slowdown particularly in China. And so in our mining and paper business in particular, you can -- we clearly felt the slowdown in China. China tends to drop quickly and rebound quickly. And third quarter was not a great quarter for us in China. I would still say we remain quite bullish in China overall and expect that that market is going to be a very important market for us long-term. So we dont plan to play any differently there. Were doing quite well in institutional, quite well in F&B; and the industrial business we expect to rebound as we start having new business offset shutdowns and the like.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay, Doug. Thats helpful. Switching gears to the two businesses that continue to give you guys problems as far as getting consistent growth and thats healthcare and paper. Paper sort of came to you via the Nalco acquisition and youve talked many times about it but not necessarily being a business that youre interested in being longer term. But healthcare was sort of an internal initiative, got a lot of promise and sort of expectations that havent been materializing over the last couple of years. Anything changing either with the hospitals getting religion about disinfection with Ebola or anything else that you can point to on maybe perhaps some of your own initiatives that will give us comfort that healthcare at some point is going to be at least a mid-single-digit grower for you?
Doug Baker: Yes. Our ambitions for healthcare are higher than that. I would -- I think if you go back to conversations weve had throughout the year, we basically said were putting healthcare in the shop for the year and that we had work to do on the healthcare business particularly around how do we better package our offering and talk about and merchandise our offerings. And that work has been ongoing and I think moving along at a very good pace. We really said not to expect any great change in healthcare metrics throughout this year, but we would expect a change starting in 2015 and thats still our view. So that hasnt really changed from the conversation we had in the first quarter. So healthcare, we still believe is a great growth opportunity for the company. We think what the healthcare market needs were in a unique position to deliver. I do believe that you see slowly and open this in the healthcare arena to different tactics to get after our healthcare acquired-infections. Certainly I think Ebola shows how serious you have to be in a very serious predicament. And so, as we move forward we expect to gain traction there and have upper single-digit type organic growth in that business.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank:  Thank you, Doug. Just on energy how did the Nalco and Champion businesses do back in 08 when oil dropped quite a bit as well?
Doug Baker: Yes. Well, in 09 which is really the year, it was like 140 mid 08 and then it drop down to 40 and changed in 09. Volume was off in the Nalco energy business by 3% in 09 versus 08. In total, Im looking at going back. In total the combined sales would have been down 6%. But you had a pretty dramatic drop in price one that I dont think anybody is predicting.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: And any concerns that this current oil price that you can grow double-digits in energy in 2015 on top-line?
Doug Baker: As I said, my preamble I think certainly it depends on the price, David, is what I would say. I dont think there is any reasonable scenario that says were not going to go grow. We believe the price is going to be north of 80 bucks. I would say is consensus is north of $90 at this point in time. If it stays in this range, we believe were going to grow double-digits. A drops in the mid-to-low 70s, growth is going to be impacted somewhat, but I think youre still talking upper single-digits.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: Thank you very much.
Operator: Next question comes from Nate Brochmann with William Blair.
Nate Brochmann - William Blair: Good afternoon, everyone. Hey Doug, I wanted to go back to kind of a little bit of an earlier discussion regarding just like the portfolio and some of the puts, natural puts and takes. But as you said, youve got a great team in place to kind of react quickly as some of these different events change and economies do this or that. Could you give us some examples of how things change like all of a sudden, and granted I know that you have the Renaissance program, they already gave you better OI profitability in general. But what are some of the actions that you take when markets do kind of move on you pretty quickly in terms of moving maybe from offense to defense and how the business is naturally set up that way?
Doug Baker: Yes. I would say two things; traditionally and what I would call tough economic times. We have a very strong emphasis on new customer acquisition. Customers are more open to change when times are difficult because theyre seeking answers to their own internal challenges. I think thats one of the reasons weve been so successful with our net new sales success both last year and this year because of the difficult time and our emphasis on new business. Second, we also have I would say a larger portfolio of cost savings initiatives and efficiency initiatives and if you will kind of our workflow during difficult times. We will ramp these up as times become more complicated, simply because youre not necessarily chasing new volume and having to build new volume or capacity. So, we have a pretty strong portfolio right now, but there are number of initiatives that frankly arent on green light right now that if they got worse, we would green light and start upping our capacity in terms of what kind of cost savings we could generate if we need to. So, its shipping the portfolio of work based on the economic environment. I think weve got room on either side, if the economy turns to the positive which is not my prediction. I think weve got a number of very good initiatives that we would turn on. And if it gets a little worse on the other side, weve got plenty of initiatives there as well. And this is exactly how weve run the business over a long period of time.
Nate Brochmann - William Blair: And that makes perfect sense but thanks for that added color. And then just one more question on the energy business and given a lot of the great different examples here to support where you are at. But could you give us a little bit of like terms of current discussions with some of your customers or potential customers regarding any new projects that might be coming on and whether theres any apprehension there in terms of I know theres a long sales cycle and these projects have long upfront lead times to it, which helps create that recurring revenue on the production side, but could you just talk about maybe some current examples of where those discussions are?
Doug Baker: I would say there has been zero discussions with people who are talking about major changes in their capital deployments or anything else. I would say its consistent with what we read in transcripts of other people in this industry. So, at this point in time, I would say there is no hard indications of any slowdown whatsoever. I think what you have out there speculation that if in fact Goldmans prediction of 74 is more accurate than their 08 prediction of 200 comes true that what might occur then. I would also say this is going to occur; these things dont stop on a dime. Theres momentum in this business, capital is being deployed that even if there was a shift in thinking, its likely not going to impact for several quarters.
Nate Brochmann - William Blair: Great. Thanks for that.
Operator: Next question comes from John Quealy with Canaccord Genuity.
John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity: Hi, good afternoon folks. First, back to energy if I could. Doug, thank you for the sensitivity analysis and detail you gave us. In terms of moving forward, I think in the quarter you talked about some customer capture on the downstream side. How quick or what is the desire to potentially protect against slower E&P activity by moving to the downstream? Thats my first question.
Doug Baker: Yes. John really the way were structured is we have focused business team, focused on downstream and oilfield than on WellChem, the upfront. And these teams are kind of on the gas the whole time. So its not as simple as flooding downstream, its folks out of OFC that up activity; while its in the industry, its a different business and its got different needs and different technologies. So I would really say the way we look at this is our OFC folks are going to be on share, no matter what the environment is; they may start adding a component of cost savings if the market turned against them, ultimately oil is a cyclical business. Our business thats positioned here is not a cyclical business. And weve gone through chart after chart showing this. We really believe our exposure of the production phase and downstream is going to mute any impacts that are going to occur either in the near-term or long-term in this industry. So I dont -- this is probably the best answer I can give you.
John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity: Okay, thanks. And then as a follow-up, switching gears to the 3D TRASAR introduction, I think you talked about it more in that sort of 15ish timeframe. Can you give us any anecdotes in terms of customers that have got 3D TRASAR in the industrial or institutional markets? Have they just deployed the first onsie twosie units? Have they started to deploy throughout their fleets? If you could just give us some flavor or your objectives for that in the next year or so? Thank you.
Doug Baker: Yes, this year is really making sure that we underpin how to fully leverage the technology for our customers benefit. So I mean its nominal sales this year and its on track and doing what we had expected it to. But that will grow over the next few years. Typically for us to realize full annual sales potential and a technology like this, it takes like five years. It takes a while for adoption. These are very sticky technologies. We build them for the long-term. We like what were seeing but this is going to be a ramp up over the next several years. 
John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity:  Great. Thanks.
Operator:  Next question comes from John McNulty with Crdit Suisse.
John McNulty - Crdit Suisse: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. So first question, with regard to the pricing that you saw, the 1% that you reported on a consolidated basis, can you give us a little bit of color as to how the pricing is working from segment to segment if there are any meaningful differences from one to the next?
Doug Baker: Theyre pretty similar. I mean our strongest pricing activity across the board would be throughout institutional, energy be next and industrial would be third. And I dont think thats a real surprise given where the significant economic pressure is on the industrial side but all are rounding to the same numbers.
John McNulty - Crdit Suisse:  Okay, great. And then with regard to the oil price drop, it sounds like youre not overly worried about it, which I think makes sense in this environment. That said there are a lot of stocks that have gotten clobbered because of it. And I guess I am wondering with your balance sheet having been cleaned up a bit since the Champion acquisition, are you seeing opportunities for M&A that might be interesting to Ecolab just given kind of some of the price moves that we have seen in some of the stocks?
Doug Baker: Well, I cant comment on M&A in particular, I guess I will say that wed rather buy things that are cheap than expensive. So that goes to real words of wisdom.
John McNulty - Credit Suisse: All right. Thanks very much for the color.
Operator: Next question comes from David Ridley-Lane with Merrill Lynch.
David Ridley-Lane - Merrill Lynch: Good afternoon. A few months ago a competitor of yours sold their water business to a private equity firm. Do you think this is an opportunity for potential market share gains and more broadly than not how would you judge Ecolabs water segment versus its competitors, i.e. are you gaining market share?
Doug Baker: Yes. We believe we are gaining market share in the water space against our key competitors. I dont have the pleasure of saying I built this water business by any means. So, let me say this objectively, I think its the crown jewel of the water businesses. The Nalco business has been the leader in the water business not only from a share standpoint, but the technology standpoint. And we planned to help strengthen that not diminish that. So, wed like that business. In terms of -- I would say the earlier part of your question, anytime there is change usually brings opportunity because certainly when companies are bought or sold there is distraction and when we buy companies we work to minimize it and move forward as quickly as possible because we dont really want to be taking advantage of during those periods of transition. Certainly, weve gone through this in a lot of industries and we work to go capitalize on transition like anybody would.
David Ridley-Lane - Merrill Lynch: Got it. And then just staying with water for one second, I hear you that it takes time to build up for the new products in terms of 3D TRASAR for hotels and hospitals and for food and beverage plants. But as you look at your other end markets, the heavy and light industries, are those feeling like they are getting a little bit of strength or are they continuing to sort of trudge along here in terms of the end markets?
Doug Baker: Yes. I guess two things. As I said earlier, combine the heavy and light business, we strip out the piece of it that were exiting on the P&L grew at 5% this last quarter. We call that good below our target growth rate. I think it certainly reflects challenging economic times, but were doing a pretty good job in that business offsetting it. As theyre having a lot of success securing new business. We recently introduced new technologies in that business through some acquisitions that that teams made. Weve got other technology being injected as a consequence of being part of the overall Ecolab team. I think that team is a very good team. I think they are managing very well in a tough environment. Our expectation is that they grow in the 6 to 8 organic range as well, particularly in the core water business, which isnt knocked around in the same degree as say mining and paper are economically. I think we were on track to get there.
David Ridley-Lane - Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Operator: Next question comes from John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts - UBS: Good afternoon. Im interested in how the water business for commercial buildings with the solids in TRASAR will scale. Is it the janitor in the building that will be actually doing the dispensing of the solids? And are these going to be monitored by the Nalco center back in India like the other Nalco TRASAR systems are?
Doug Baker: Yes. One, I think there is every one of these large commercial buildings is going to have an engineering staff. So, we would have the capability of monitoring and if we choose to do that and that ends up to be a route that makes sense and is important. But this system I would say has huge advantages versus the systems that theyre using today, which is I think the comparison that youve got to keep in mind, the solids bring a lot of advantage in both safety and convenience in terms of adding product and moving product around buildings, the capabilities that 3D brings to this in terms of using water and cooling towers, more cycles and reducing fresh water and flow and the resultant savings that this brings to these building, both at sustainability story but is outright lower end-use costs are quite material. I would say the reception that weve had here, both from our customers and Id say just as importantly from the sales team has been outstanding. And so we are ahead of our projection; this will ramp up likely faster than 3D TRASAR and Food & Beverage simply because you dont have the same food safety legislation covering these areas that you do or using 3D in the CIP arena. So, were quite bullish on what this is going to do in terms of equipping our light team to get after important business that has higher margins in any of the other water business areas that we compete in. And its historically been quite sticky if you have the right program.
John Roberts - UBS: And if the TRASAR system signals an alert, is it a Nalco person thats going to go check that out, or is it one of the Ecolab institutional salespeople?
Doug Baker: No, its going to be a Nalco person, somebody with water technology background.
John Roberts - UBS: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies:  Just a quick question on the institutional business. Are there any areas where you are seeing a noticeable change in your ability to take share? I mean you have talked about accelerating different parts of the business over the last three quarters. Are there any areas where that trend is looking like its getting more difficult?
Doug Baker: Well, I think our ongoing lament is that taking share is never as easy as you wish it was. I dont -- I get that reflect in your question, I dont have any areas that I would define as materially different in terms of competitive environment, i.e. a big change in terms of either much easier or much harder to take share. I think throughout the segment, I mean we continue to do well in QSR, we continue to do well in Food Retail; we continue to do well in full service restaurants and hotels. Regionally, the business is getting healthier, across the region it remains healthy in North America; its improving in Europe clearly as we look at the underlying trends; its doing well in Asia-Pacific and Latin America. So I dont know global chains are doing well. So, I dont have a point I would single out for you.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Andy Wittmann with Baird.
Andy Wittmann - Baird: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to take a step back and kind of reflect on the cost synergies that youve outlined through the years with Nalco and then Champion. It sounds like things are generally on track. Maybe from here Doug, can you give us a sense about I think 2014 was going to deliver $110 million of synergies and a similar amount in 15 and then falling off of a bit in 16. But can you just give us a better sense of kind of where you are, has any of that been pulled forward, pushed back and where you see the biggest chunks of that being allocated to or coming from as we look ahead into 15?
Doug Baker: Well, the early chunk and as this goes, the early chunks were from one, purchasing; two, a lot of the G&A and regional overhead overlaps that we had. And we always said that the later in stage is going to be in the supply chain. That takes longer and its more difficult to get after. Next year, we would expect again another about I think 105 is the number that we have used externally, its not materially different than your number. And a lot of that is still going to be if you will carry on effects from the work that weve done this year in procurement in G&A. But increasingly as you go out in the later stages, its going to be in the supply chain, i.e. reducing plant footprint, warehouse footprints and the like.
Andy Wittmann - Baird: Got you. So as you look at these numbers, that level of cost savings is about 70 or 80 basis points of improvement so far, youre about 90 basis points year-to-date of margin expansion. Is the 10 to 15 basis points of underling operating leverage, do you feel like this is the right amount for this economic environment or do you have a vision that it should be more that you could have delivered more or less from that. Im just curious as to how you feel like the underlying leverage of the business is performing against that?
Doug Baker: Yes. Andy I would say, were doing a little over a 100 this year on $14 billion. Were going to be up a 110 basis points sort of north of that for the year and I think thats what we had for the quarter. So, I would say Im not sure, Id say that indicate more like 40 plus outside of synergies. I think youve got to also recognize that when you have this level of synergies, you are taking a number of resources that would be against cost savings initiatives that may not be labeled synergies, but that would still be generating saving. So, the synergies arent completely additive because we dont have resources that are completely distinct to work on synergies, these are up and a lot of the same people who end up working on cost savings. So, getting back to our model, the back of the napkin model, I think when we talk about 68 organic, we talk about called 75 basis points of operating income leverage. We think thats quite realistic and consistent with what were doing right now. When you take an account, some of the people that are working on synergies would be working on other cost savings.
Andy Wittmann - Baird: Got it. Maybe if I could just do one final question. You have alluded to a few times the potential that raw materials could be a benefit if oil prices come in. Are you seeing any or having any discussions on that already today? It seems like it would be early for this, but what could that magnitude look like and what have you seen so far year-to-date on the raw?
Doug Baker: Well, early returns I mean fairly the only thing were probably seeing that everybody else is seeing is lower gas prices. Its not one of our most significant if you will input costs. Yes, I would say it would be fairly pretty mature. I think if our customers try to start talking about the impact on $35 oil, we might point out that oil on average around the world is trading in the 80s because that target gives away what we havent realized. And I think we would have the same conversation with raw material suppliers at this point in time. The raw material markets have been I dont know fairly steady moving up. And we would say we would expect that were going to continue to see modest inflation going forward.
Andy Wittmann - Baird: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Next question comes from Mike Harrison with First Analysis.
Mike Harrison - First Analysis: Hi. Good afternoon. I was a little bit surprised to hear you say that you had seen better foot traffic rather in Asia-Pacific given some of the issues that some of the fast food restaurants and chains have seen with food safety there. Are you guys seeing the issues in China there as a challenge or an opportunity?
Doug Baker: Yes. I guess youd have to -- China is a big, big market with a lot of restaurants. And while, youre right there were some big food safety scares that had a real negative impact on a couple of large players. Theyre large in the world, but theyre not really large as it pertains to all of China. And our business in China is up double-digit in the food service arena, traffic is fairly strong, I think our traffic remark across Asia-Pacific which obviously encompasses a number of other markets. And thats the data that we have.
Mike Harrison - First Analysis: And then looking at the energy business, can you talk about what the Champion business saw in terms of volumes from 08 into 09? I think of that as maybe a little bit more sensitive on the onshore side than the Nalco business, which is more offshore.
Doug Baker: The number I have right here is the combined sales were down 6% of Champion and Nalco 09 versus 2008. So, I dont think its going to be a dramatically a different result.
Mike Harrison - First Analysis: And then just real quickly, on the Nalco intangibles that $45 million in the quarter, do those start to decline anytime soon, or how long are those amortized?
Doug Baker: Yes, not for quite a while, never soon enough.
Mike Harrison - First Analysis: All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Next question comes from Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Good afternoon and thank you. Looking at Europe, Doug you talked about a 2% impact on revenues from FX. Since that particular business has lower margin than the U.S. or North America, is it fair to estimate that on the EBIT line, it will have a substantially smaller impact than the 2% on sales?
Doug Baker: Rosemarie, I apologize. Yes, its going to be a 2% overall obviously. Non-U.S., are you saying where is the impact going to be most significant? 
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Yes, I was just wondering looking at Europe specifically. I thought that 2% negative impact on revenues was going to be on the European business, so since it is overall, could you touch on the Europe only?
Doug Baker: Its on our whole basket of currencies as they roll off. I dont know if Ive got that the FX impact, so large as Canada and its a tie between Russia and Europe.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Okay.
Doug Baker: Sales impact, absolute dollar, which means Canada would be as a percentage much higher.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: All right. And then sticking with Europe, when you are discussing business and expectations with your customers, is anyone thinking that they are going back into a recession or is it just more no growth?
Doug Baker: I think I dont know that -- I dont know if this has got any bearing on whats actually going to happen. I think broadly I think people are fairly bearish on the European economic situation. But I cant really remember last time they were really bullish. So, I dont know that its going to -- I guess our outlook on it is we expect to remain challenging given the share upside and the other. Were not forecasting miraculous sales turnaround but we do expect to be able to continue to keep our nose above water i.e. modest growth going forward is what we think were going to be able to do. So we do not see a huge material if you will spiral down in the European economic situation. Id just say its weaker, softer but not dramatically.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: That is helpful. And if I may ask one last question, on the protein market, given the lower cost of feed, do you anticipate that particular side of your business will pick up in 2015, or does it take until 2016 before the herds can be built back up?
Doug Baker: Yes, I would say its typically thats kind of a long cycle, because weve got to build herds up. It will take a while. Its not a huge piece of our business, but my expectation probably strengthens back half of 15 or 16.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Manav Patnaik with Barclays.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays: Hi, thank you. Good afternoon. Two questions, one just from a modeling perspective. Can you remind us of how we should think about the FX currency exposure? And then the second one is just around to dig a little bit more into the healthcare business. What is really sort of the roadblock if any in that business for you to sort of take it to the next level, like do you need an M&A or a deal to get that going, just curious on your thoughts there?
Doug Baker: Well the model question FX impact in the next quarter, we expect to be $0.03, but its built into our outlook. So, thats what in our outlook right now. Next healthcare, I dont think were missing any big pieces. I think this is a question of how we put the pieces together in terms of what our offer is and how we better articulate our offer. How we think about going to market, most of the things that weve been working on and modeling and testing this year. And thats the work that were undergoing. I guess what we said is we expect a change in performance beginning in 2015. And I think once we get out there proof is going to be in delivery. If we start seeing improved results, you know were on the right track. If we dont, were going to have to continue to work. But I believe that business will be a very good business for us for the long-term.
Manav Patnaik - Barclays Capital: All right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Next question comes from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Bob Koort - Goldman Sachs: Excellent. Thanks for your patience guys. Two quick ones. One is there any scope for fuel savings and can it become meaningful if oil stays down here? And then secondly, can you talk about the specific markets in Latin America that have been so healthy. It seems like somewhat of an anomaly to what a lot of industrial companies face, so maybe it is more consumer-oriented that is helping you there?
Doug Baker: Yes. I would say Bob the fuel costs benefit or kind of loss in the wash of all the other input costs. Weve got pluses and minuses. Theyre certainly incorporated in our outlook for the balance of the year. In terms of Latin America, weve got the -- its hard to pay, this is a single industry. And I have friends who are running other companies and there have been obviously in the capital business a very different time and some of the markets down there thats not exactly the business were in. We continue to do well on most businesses down there. Our Food & Beverage and our Institutional businesses, our position decently we have a lot of upside in share. We have done a good job I think in F&B in particular aligning our sales with some very important customers and were growing as a result in terms of water. I think there has been additional talent put in the water team over the last year and a half which has proven to be a wise move and that team is performing well and continues to gain steam. And the Energy business is doing well down there. I would say the outlook in that market particularly with changes in Mexico over the long haul remained quite positive.
Bob Koort - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Thanks for the help.
Operator: Next question comes from P. J. Juvekar with Citi.
Eric Petrie - Citi: Hi, Doug. This is Eric Petrie on for P.J. Based on your experience with past health epidemics like bird flu and sars, how do you think Ebola may impact your businesses?
Doug Baker: What we saw on past sars and bird flu was you certainly -- you see an uptick most notably in healthcare. That impacts a bunch of division. I dont think its going to be an impact thats going to shine through the total number. But it will be an uplift for maybe some of our business segments. It typically comes in more broadly distributed disease. Its fairly limited I think its fairly easy for them to diagnose potential folks whove been impacted. And if were smart, well continue to do the right types of quarantine when people are actually infected and that kind of work. So I dont know that this is going to have a huge boon to our top-line.
Eric Petrie - Citi: Okay. And then my second question is you noted of your energy portfolio less than 25% is impacted from lower prices below $80 per barrel. Is there a difference in profitability of your stimulation and enhanced oil recovery versus production?
Doug Baker: No, I dont think, I dont think Id go make that case, so this kind of across the portfolio and its less than 25 and which is to say even if that impacted fairly significantly even on the overall energy business but still going to allow pretty healthy growth. And I think energy would probably take a lot of steps to even mute the impact you would see on their specific P&L. And as I talked about there would be other if you will benefits from lower oil that would impact our other businesss P&L through lower raws and potentially more consumer spend in the more consumer facing businesses like institutional.
Eric Petrie - Citi: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Richard OReilly with Revere Associates.
Richard OReilly - Revere Associates: Thank you, thank you guys. Two quick questions, the first, did you by any of your common shares back this quarter?
Doug Baker: No.
Richard OReilly - Revere Associates: The first time you havent done that in some time, am I right?
Doug Baker: Yes, I think thats right.
Richard OReilly - Revere Associates: Okay. Second question on reverse of the raw material cost deflation. In your slide you said the institutional segment had higher delivery costs and no comment on any of the other segments on that, what went up in the institutional cost wise?
Doug Baker: Yes, that have been more common about freight rate which in spite of Id say lower diesel have been under pressure across a lot of industries, in some markets like U.S. shorter drivers et cetera so there is just pressure broadly on freight rates.
Richard OReilly - Revere Associates: Okay, broader than just fuel cost, the diesel cost. Okay, all right. Do you see that reversing in the near term, or is that more secular?
Doug Baker: I dont know if its secular, we dont see a reversing in the near term.
Richard OReilly - Revere Associates: Okay, good. Thanks a lot now.
Operator: We have no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Monahan for closing comments.
Michael Monahan: Thank you. That wraps up our third quarter conference call. This conference call and associated slides will be available for replay on our website. Thanks for your time and participation today, and our best wishes for the rest of the day to you. Take care.
Operator: This concludes todays conference. Please disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-29 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael J. Monahan - Senior Vice President of External Relations Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Safety, Health & Environment Committee
Analysts: John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Bill Carroll - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Rosemarie J. Morbelli - G. Research, Inc. Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Ecolab's Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Michael Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael J. Monahan: Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's Second Quarter Conference Call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO. A copy of our earnings release and the accompanying slides referenced in this teleconference are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements on Slide 2, stating that this teleconference and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Forms 10-K and 10-Q item -- under Item 1A, Risk Factors, in our second quarter release and on Slide 2. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with an overview on Slide 3. We delivered strong results in the second quarter. We leveraged solid sales volume growth, pricing and our synergy and cost efficiency work to substantially improve our acquisition-adjusted operating margins and produce a very strong adjusted earnings per share increase. Looking ahead, we expect to continue to outperform our markets and show strong 13% to 17% earnings gains in the third quarter and strong upper-teens EPS growth for the full year as good sales growth, appropriate pricing, innovation, synergies and margin leverage more than offset mixed markets. Moving to some highlights from the second quarter. And as discussed in our press release, reported second quarter earnings per share were $1.02. On an adjusted basis, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items from both years, second quarter 2014 earnings per share increased a very strong 20% to a record $1.03. The adjusted earnings per share growth was driven by volume and pricing, new products, account gains, synergies and cost-savings actions. Growth was led by our Energy, Specialty and Water businesses. Latin America led the regional growth once again and was bolstered by strong growth in Asia Pacific and North America. These and other increases were leveraged by good margin expansion. We continue to be aggressive, focusing on top line growth. We are emphasizing our innovative product and service strength, as well as our wide range of effective solutions to help customers get better results and lower operating costs and through these, drive new account gains across all of our customer segments. We also continue to implement appropriate price increases to help offset higher costs and investments in our business. We remain focused on expanding our margins, emphasizing productivity and efficiency improvements to help increase profitability, as well as drive merger synergies. We also continue to make investments in key growth businesses to sustain our technology and our sales and service leadership. We remain on plan for achieving our Nalco and Champion synergy targets, and our Europe margins are on track for further strong expansion. We -- looking ahead, while mixed trends in our markets present ongoing challenges, we look for the third quarter to show continued attractive sales gains and margin improvement. Third quarter adjusted EPS is expected to increase a strong 13% to 17% to the $1.18 to $1.22 range and compare with last year's adjusted EPS of $1.04. Business growth and the benefits from synergies and cost reductions should more than offset lackluster economic trends. In addition, the quarter will compare against a very strong 20% adjusted EPS gain in last year's third quarter. For the full year 2014, we continue to look for a very strong 17% to 19% increase to the $4.14 to $4.20 range. In summary, our second quarter performed well, and we expect the balance of the year to also show strong earnings growth as we more than offset challenging economic conditions while making the key investments to drive our superior results this year, as well as for our future. Slide 4 shows our second quarter results both as reported and with adjustments for special gains and charges, while Slide 5 shows our sales growth detail. Ecolab's consolidated fixed-currency sales for the second quarter increased 8%. Acquisition-adjusted fixed-currency sales rose 5%. Looking at the growth components. Volume and mix increased 4%. Pricing rose 1%. Acquisitions and divestitures were 3%, and currency was a negative 1%. Reported fixed-currency sales for the Global Industrial segment rose 3%. The net impact of acquisitions and divestitures on the segment was not significant. Second quarter fixed-currency Global Food & Beverage sales increased 3%. Growth was led by beverage and brewing, dairy and agri, which more than offset lower sales in the weak protein market. Regionally, Asia Pacific and Latin America led results with modest growth, driven by share gains in the other region as we more than offset plant closures and weak volumes. Food & Beverage continues to benefit from its Total Plant Assurance approach to the customers, in which we combine industry-leading Cleaning & Sanitizing, Water Treatment and Pest Elimination capabilities to deliver improved food safety results, lower operating costs and better product quality assurance for customers. This has enabled us to win business with key global customers and offset difficult conditions in our North America and Europe markets, where lower volumes, as well as customer capacity and plant closures, have impacted sales. Looking ahead, we expect moderate organic sales growth in the third quarter. We look for further benefits from growth synergies, better customer penetration and new business capture, as well as leverage from our innovation pipeline, including the introduction of 3D TRASAR for clean-in-place systems in Food & Beverage plants to more than offset tough industry conditions. Fixed-currency Water sales increased 5%. Good growth in the heavy, light and mining businesses led the increase. Regionally, we saw strong growth in Latin America, good gains in EMEA and Asia Pacific and moderate growth in North America. The introduction of 3D TRASAR for hotel and other institutional cooling systems in the second quarter, utilizing solid chemistry and advance dispensing in a premium customer solution utilizing both Ecolab and Nalco technology, has been well received by customers. To continue to drive market penetration with innovative solutions to optimize water usage using powerful technologies, we are focused on building our corporate account and enterprise sales teams, delivering growth synergies and improving product innovation to drive revenues. We expect to show continued growth in the third quarter as market share gains drive our heavy and light businesses to outperform mixed end markets. Acquisition-adjusted second quarter fixed-currency Paper sales declined 1%. We saw double-digit growth in Latin America and modest growth in Asia Pacific. However, these were offset by declines in North America and EMEA that resulted from continued low customer plant utilization and customer closures. We expect Paper to show flattish sales in the third quarter as new business and technology penetration offset the difficult Paper market conditions. Fixed-currency sales for the Global Institutional segment rose 3%. Adjusted for a small divestiture in Europe, Institutional segment sales grew 4%. Turning to the businesses that make up the segment. Fixed-currency sales for the Institutional business grew 3% in the second quarter. Institutional's end markets remain subdued with moderate growth in global lodging room demand and still soft foodservice foot traffic across North America and Europe. Looking at regional sales trends, North America -- North and Latin America continue to post solid sales growth, while Asia Pacific saw moderate gains and Europe declined. Sales initiatives targeting new accounts and effective product and service programs around the core segments continue to drive our results. We continue to leverage our global technology through the rollout of Apex, our next-generation warewashing platform in Europe. To drive our future growth and improve on our industry leadership position, we remain focused on executing global sales initiatives, globalizing core competencies and introducing product innovation that delivers increased value with solutions that reduce water, energy and labor costs, while also increasing our customer innovacy [ph] through outstanding sales and service execution. We're also making further investments in field technology to enhance execution in sales and service, and we have better aligned our local sales team efforts around our global value proposition. Longer term, our new Global Institutional structure is helping to accelerate global deployment of our innovation, technology and training, which we expect will help improve growth by driving better market penetration and new account gains. We look for third quarter Institutional business sales growth to improve as we make further progress on our global sales initiatives and continue our aggressive sales efforts to help us outperform challenging markets and show better growth over the balance of the year. Second quarter sales for Specialty grew 7% in fixed currencies. Quick service sales were solid as we enjoyed steady growth from small to midsized customers. New accounts, along with increased service coverage and additional solutions for customers to help improve their operating efficiency and food safety, leveraged generally modest industry trends. Regionally, the U.S. and Latin America recorded solid gains. Europe saw good growth from new accounts and additional customer solutions, while Asia Pacific benefited from good quick service foot traffic growth. The Food Retail business saw solid sales momentum in the second quarter, benefiting from customer additions, new products and increased penetration. We look for good sales growth again in the third quarter as Specialty works to deliver another solid performance in 2014. Fixed-currency Global Healthcare sales increased 3%. New account growth, better penetration and new product introductions more than offset continued weak hospital trends and delayed buying decisions in the U.S. To grow sales in this challenging market, we are strengthening our corporate accounts approach and our integrated value proposition, as well as improving our product portfolio. We expect Global Healthcare sales to show modest gains in the second half as we continue our work to strengthen our business. Reported fixed-currency Energy segment sales grew 20%. Acquisition-adjusted Global Energy fixed-currency sales rose 8%. Our upstream business saw good growth in the second quarter, led by strong international performance, as well as solid oil sands, shale and deepwater production results. Downstream business sales increased as North America refining showed overall improvement. Looking ahead, we expect acquisition-adjusted Energy segment sales to show double-digit growth in the second half as new business resulting from ongoing share gains and new production coming online drives growth and delivers a full year 2014 acquisition-adjusted sales increase in the 10% range. Sales for our Other segment increased 7%. Acquisition-adjusted sales grew 4%. Fixed-currency Global Pest sales increased 6% in the second quarter. We enjoyed good growth in Food & Beverage and restaurants. Regionally, we enjoyed double-digit growth in Asia Pacific and solid growth in EMEA, Latin America and North America. We continue to drive market penetration with innovative service offerings and technology and are making progress in globalizing our market-focused capabilities and field technology. We expect Global Pest sales to show further good growth in the third quarter and second half, led by gains in all markets. Equipment Care sales increased 9% in the second quarter. New account sales, better penetration, pricing actions and improved technician capacity and productivity drove strong service revenue growth. We expect Equipment Care to show further strong gains in the second -- in the third quarter as continued good service trends, pricing initiatives and streamlined operations benefit results. Slide 6 of our presentation shows selected income statement items. Second quarter gross margins were 46.5%. When adjusted for acquisitions and special charges, second quarter 2014 fixed-currency gross margins were 46.6%, 60 basis points above last year. Volume and pricing gains, as well as merger synergies and cost efficiencies, more than offset the business impact of higher energy sales, which, on average, have a lower gross margin when compared with our other businesses. SG&A expenses represented 32.3% of second quarter sales. When adjusted for acquisitions, the fixed-currency SG&A ratio improved 70 basis points versus last year. The improvement reflected sales gains and cost-savings efforts, including merger synergies, as well as the mix of higher energy sales, which, on average, have a lower SG&A ratio when compared with our other businesses. Consolidated operating income margins were 14.4%. When adjusted for acquisitions and special charges, fixed-currency operating income margins were 14.3%, rising 140 basis points over last year's comparable margin. Fixed-currency operating income for Global Industrial increased 8%. Acquisition-adjusted operating income grew 9%, with margins up 60 basis points. Volume gains, pricing and cost synergies and efficiencies led the gain. Fixed-currency operating income for Global Institutional increased 3%, benefiting from pricing, volume gains and cost efficiencies, which more than offset investments in the business. Fixed-currency Global Energy operating income increased 44%. Acquisition-adjusted Global Energy operating income increased 40% in fixed-currencies, and acquisition-adjusted margins expanded 340 basis points, led by synergies, the volume gain, operating leverage and pricing. Fixed-currency operating income for the Other segment increased 7%. Acquisition-adjusted operating income grew 8%. Improved operating results offset investments in the business and higher costs. The Corporate segment and tax rate are discussed in the press release. As before, please note that our tax rate assumptions for the full year assume passage of the R&D tax credit in the fourth quarter. We repurchased approximately 800,000 shares during the second quarter. The net of this performance is that Ecolab reported second quarter diluted earnings per share of $1.02 compared with $0.69 reported a year ago. When adjusted for special gains and charges and discrete tax items in both years, adjusted earnings increased 20% to $1.03 when compared with $0.86 earned a year ago. Turning to Slide 7 and looking at Ecolab's balance sheet. Net debt to total capital was 48%, with net debt to adjusted EBITDA at 2.5x. Looking ahead and as outlined in Slide 8, we continue to take aggressive actions to drive both our top and bottom line. We're expanding our market share and customer penetration among major accounts and leveraging our positions in key growth markets in food, water, energy and health care as we work to offset continued mixed market conditions and unfavorable currency exchange rates, which will likely negatively impact sales by a percentage point in 2014. We expect to show good acquisition-adjusted sales growth and margin expansion, driven by innovation, pricing, merger synergies and better operating efficiencies. We expect to deliver on these aggressive goals while building growth for the future. We expect adjusted third quarter 2014 diluted earnings per share to increase an outstanding 13% to 17% to the $1.18 to $1.22 range. Further, the third quarter will also compare against a very strong period last year when adjusted earnings per share rose 20% to $1.04. We continue to look for the full year 2014 to show very strong growth as adjusted earnings per share are expected to increase 17% to 19% to the $4.14 to $4.20 range. In summary, we once again delivered on our forecast in the second quarter with a solid sales gain and continued margin improvement, while offsetting market challenges and investing for our future. We look for further solid acquisition-adjusted sales growth and continued double-digit profit gains in the third quarter, as well as for the full year 2014, as we work to deliver yet another strong year and build for our future. And now here's Doug Baker with some comments.
Douglas M. Baker: Thank you, Mike. I'm going to offer just a couple points perspective on the business overall and thoughts on Q2. Business overall, I would say we're getting better. Our integrations remain on track. Our margins continue to expand. Our business top line is accelerating. We had a solid first half, and we expect an even better second half. Regarding Q2, if you look at our sales, they grew at roughly 0.5 point faster rate than they did at Q1, when we strip out and look at pure organic results. When we look at individual components, we had Energy growing at 8%, which was what we expected in the second quarter. We are on track to accelerate that. The core business, if you exclude Europe, grew at a 5% rate. And Europe was roughly flat, but here I'm taking out Energy. So total, we had a 5% organic rate when we take out acquisitions and divestitures. Every one of these components we expect to accelerate in the second half, energy moving from 8% to 10% to 12%; the core business, excluding Europe, moving from the 5% to 6-plus percent; and Europe flat moving to 2% or even maybe a little better. In total, this will move our, overall, if you will, acquisition-adjusted sales from 5% to 6-plus percent in the second half. Now there are a number of drivers of this acceleration. The #1 is new business. We had another great quarter of net new business adds. This means back-to-back record new business quarters. For the first half, our net new business results were 30% ahead of last year's first half. So we are fully back on stride now regarding new business post-integration. Our innovation continues to fire well. CIP, 3D TRASAR, Solids for water, Apex in Europe, antimicrobials in Energy, et cetera, all are meeting or exceeding our expectations. M&A is picking up, both bolt-ons and also technology plays, and we are looking to make some things happen here in the second half. And finally, the market in total should be roughly the same, meaning global GDP second half, we don't expect to be materially different than the first half even though there's a lot of volatility in the world, as we all know about. But in total, we would expect the market to be either a headwind or a tailwind. So the fruits of our labor should show up, as we expect, in better results in the second half. So net, we like where we're positioned. We see a stronger second half, accelerating sales, as I said, mid- to upper-teens EPS delivery. We see another great full year delivery of 17% to 19% EPS. And probably most importantly, we like how we're positioned for the out years too. We've got a great business. We've got a lot of opportunity. We have the right team, and we like our plan. We believe the combination will allow us to consistently deliver against our 15% annual EPS objective post synergies. So with that, let me turn it back to Mike.
Michael J. Monahan: Thanks, Doug. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, would you please begin the question-and-answer period.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Mr. John McNulty from Crdit Suisse.
John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So with regard to Europe, we've seen some other companies putting up some growth in Europe, and it seems like you didn't have really much to speak of on it this quarter. But you do expect things to kind of get better in the back half of the year. So I guess, can you walk us through what may have been an issue -- what some of the issues were around growth this quarter? And then, I guess, what gives you the confidence that it's going to get better in the back half of the year? Are you already starting to see those trends improving already?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Well, our Europe -- look, if we total our business in Europe, including Energy and all the other businesses, it was down 1% in the first quarter and up 2% in the second quarter. So we've seen some sequential improvement in our European business, and this is driven in large part by new businesses coming on, stabilization of the market and other efforts. And we expect Europe to get better in the third quarter and the fourth quarter still. So I think we're seeing some of the same trends that you're referring you might be seeing in other people's business. But our focus in Europe remains on profitable growth, cleaning up the business that we don't want to be in long term. So I would say we are also artificially covering some of the good work in Europe as we exit some businesses and do this really just on the P&L, not through any restructuring activity. So our Europe business, we think, is in good shape. We had another very strong margin performance against our goals, and so we are set up to at least deliver in the 100 to 150 basis points improvement for the year. You're going to be seeing run rates in the 7% margin -- EBIT margin basis by year-end, which is good, big improvement.
John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. No, great. And then just as a follow-up, one area that we haven't seen much improvement in from the rest of the world and yet, you seem to be exhibiting some really solid strength is in the Lat Am side. So maybe if you can flush out kind of what's driving that and maybe where you're seeing it and some of the trends that you're seeing down there, would be great.
Douglas M. Baker: Sure, yes. Latin America is a fairly strong story. So we're seeing it in our core Food & Beverage, Institutional businesses. We're seeing it in Water, where we've had, I think, strengthening of the management team down there through some internal promotions on the Water team. Energy remains strong as well. So it's pretty much across the board. And also, we've got strength in Brazil, which I think is relatively unusual versus some of the other reports that we've seen. So the team down there continues to execute. We also continue to make sure that we are doing the right thing around margin, simultaneous to top line growth, and we've seen improvement there as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Mr. David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Doug, just on new business, very impressive first half results. In what businesses or areas is it really focused on, this 30% year-over-year improvement?
Douglas M. Baker: It usually differs by quarter because, as you know, we go after large -- large pieces of business and they are a bit lumpy. I mean, in the first quarter, as we talked about, we had a lot of terrific success in both Institutional and F&B in particular. Water is pretty steady in both quarters, first and second. And Energy had a blowout second quarter, which we had anticipated and expected, which was one of the reasons that we've been forecasting a much stronger second half. And so I think the events that we believe were going to come through in the second quarter, leading into the second half, have come true, which is why we continue to forecast Energy, in particular, up in the 10% to 12% range for the second half. But all the businesses are going to benefit from the work that happened in the first half.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And Doug, just on Energy, as it picks up to double-digit growth back half of the year, what happens to the margins? How much do they improve from Q2 levels?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, they continue to improve in the second half simply because it's the bigger-volume half for Energy. So you've got volume driving some of it, but we believe the margin improvement that we're seeing is sustainable, and we have still synergies yet to be realized in that business. So we'll continue to work and drive margins as we go forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Mr. Nate Brochmann from William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Doug, I wanted to talk -- just to follow up on that, just a little more specifically. I mean, granted I know things kind of were a little bit light of some of -- where you wanted to be in terms of the core growth in the first quarter. Could you talk a little more specifically what you've done in terms of either execution or with the sales force in terms of spurring those new business wins? And I know it's about the Ecolab playbook in terms of great new innovation and new products, but how you've you been able to accelerate that in terms of the outlook to get to that 5% to 6% for the second half of the year.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Well, Nate, I would say, from the new business perspective, it's continued efforts, but we have expanded our corporate account team over the last couple of years, particularly in the WPS business but also in other businesses. We've strengthened -- we believe, further strengthened the leadership in our regional positions around the world in, say, Institutional and others. And we have clearly identified and targeted the largest players in the industries and put together specific plans to go after them. All this is helping contribute to very strong results. I would also say we didn't make a lot of noise. We continued to deliver quite well through the heavy integration periods. And while I can't go and point to exactly how that took a toll on any one thing, I don't think it took enough of a toll to make it onto a call. But certainly, the integration work lessened. We know we will have even more energy going towards offense, which, long term, is a key to driving value.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: That makes sense. I appreciate that. And then also, too, just thinking a little bit bigger picture and who knows where some of these rumblings ever go, but if there ends up getting to be broader across-the-board minimum wage hikes in some of your end market businesses, how do you think that impacts your business in terms of some of your customers' desires to automate things and reduce costs in terms of that maybe being a net benefit for you?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, one of the obvious impacts would certainly be in the Institutional U.S. business, which continues to perform well. It grew 5% in second quarter, both the field sales and actual shipped basis. I would say if you look across the Institutional business, and I'm going to throw KAY in here and QSR as well, certainly, increased labor costs are going to be -- are going to have to be offset somewhere. And so in many cases, you can see our customers looking at how they would further mechanize either the kitchen operation or the front part of their operation, and they are working on those technologies. Now we've got a number of technologies that fit in with that thinking. Obviously, warewashing in QSR would be an obvious one. We would expect that, that will continue to have great uptake. That increases our sales in those restaurants, but is also a great deal financially for the restaurants to install and take the plunge from a capital or a lease standpoint. So those would be some of the examples, but this is going to be further and wider reaching than that. And typically, whenever there is cost pressure on the business, our philosophy, if you will, comes to bear and tends to prove quite valuable. So we like what we do, so our lower energy, lower water and in many cases, lower labor promise is the right promise in the eventuality that these rates get raised.
Operator: The next question comes from Mr. Mike Ritzenthaler from Piper Jaffray.
Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: A question on the margins in the Institutional segment and just looking at year-over-year flattish margins. Is that a function of incremental leverage in the emerging economies from better volumes offsetting decremental margins from lower sales in Europe? Or is there more to that story?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Mostly I would just say it's timing. It's -- we have -- we've had some growth investments that we made in that business. A lot of them came disproportionately in the second quarter. So it had sort of a neutralizing effect on any volume lift. So margins were flat. We expect margins to be up for the year and up for the balance of the year.
Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then for business outside the U.S. and Europe, there's a few headwinds that I'd be interested in some additional color on, such as the slate of sanctions on Russian businesses potentially affecting Energy, the difficulty doing business in Venezuela, the Argentine default. Maybe each one geography not huge in terms of revenues but kind of when you add it together.
Douglas M. Baker: There's probably a longer list, right? You want to go to the Middle East? Yes, I would say I don't think Venezuela's any particularly new news. I mean, it's been a challenging situation for quite a while now. It's a situation we've been managing, and we think we'll continue to manage. I mean, I -- we forecast in the Q, like other people, we expect another devaluation. We go through those, and the team there has been very adept at then getting behind that and raising local prices in the bolivar. So that, we'll continue to manage. I would say Argentina is more similar to that than dissimilar. And we'll have to continue to manage our business there, and I think we're quick to do it. Russia's a harder one to predict. I don't know who can predict what's going to happen there. We certainly don't believe we can predict. So I think we've done all the smart things there. Our Russian business, for perspective, is probably at a run rate of around $200 million. So it's not a huge business in terms of impact globally, given our $14 billion-plus size, but it's an important market for us. And we've taken, I think, a lot of the smart steps to put us in a position to manage further sanctions and other things. And of course, we're going to comply with all laws and anything that may or may not happen as we go forward, but it's very tough to predict what that may -- might be. From an energy standpoint, it's not a huge piece of their business, but it's an important piece. And I think we'll just -- we're just ready to manage as wisely as we can given what unfolds there, and predicting what unfolds is quite difficult.
Operator: The next question comes from Mr. Gary Bisbee from RBC Capital Markets.
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: This is the third straight quarter you've talked about very strong new business signings, and yet, we haven't seen real acceleration. I know you're expecting it, but what -- how do we think about the lag from new business sign -- when you sign new business and talk to us about it and when it begins to generate revenue? And is it very different from segment to segment? Or is it a similar lag?
Douglas M. Baker: What we see, on average, it usually takes a couple of quarters to show up because -- so Institutional, we talked last quarter about a number of new pieces of business in Europe specifically. And a lot of that business was installed in the second quarter, but they still have to run out their old inventory. And you really don't see a lot of the activity until, really, even the quarter following install. So this is, I don't think, any great surprise. If we're -- I'll be surprised if we're not seeing some pickup from this in the third quarter, and we would expect to. We think we're already seeing it. So we would expect third quarter to be better than the second.
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then the follow-up. Both in the Institutional and Other Services businesses, you mentioned investments that offset the normal leverage and cost savings. What exactly are those investments? Is it salespeople? Or is it other stuff? And how quickly do you expect to earn a return on the investments?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. It's a little different by business, but headcount, both Institutional and also in Pest. Training in Pest, in particular, is we're arming the team to be even more specialized when they get after specific segments, and this is a lot of the work that's been helping drive Pest organic sales growth faster. And also, there have been some R&D investments that we've made. And I would just say it's more -- coincidental may not be the best word, but the timing is just the timing. We didn't try to manage it to make each quarter look beautiful. It's just the right time to get after some of these initiatives, and they'll be helpful in the second half.
Operator: The next question comes from Dmitry Silversteyn from Longbow Research
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Just wanted to ask a couple of questions and clarification. When you look at your Energy segment and the business, sort of the -- was the legacy Nalco business versus the Champion business that you're looking to globalize perhaps a little bit more aggressively, was there a difference in the growth rates, if you can discern at all, between those 2 businesses? Or is it more appropriate to talk about upstream, downstream growth rates?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I mean, there were some differences in the growth rates. You might recall, Champion had a huge second quarter last year, right as we were putting it together. So one of the challenges is Energy is going against a very big base number in the second quarter and still accelerate it versus the first. So Champion, that business is all upstream. We didn't take any of the downstream business, as you might recall. There are differences historically and we would expect, going forward, in terms of expected downstream growth rate versus upstream growth rate. Downstream has been much more in the upper-single-digit type growth rate, and we expect double digit from the upstream businesses, including WellChem.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then as a follow-up, on the Pest Elimination growth, was there much of a difference between sort of if you look at the domestic Pest Elimination, which is an older, I guess, more seasoned business, if you will, and the international Pest Elimination business, where there's still quite a bit of whitespace filling left to do?
Douglas M. Baker: No, it's very similar. I mean, the U.S. growth rate was very similar to the global growth rate, 6%. So we've got -- that business has been steadily improving as we talked about. We had it in the shop not that long ago. It's come out and doing well.
Operator: The next question comes from Mr. Edward Yang from Oppenheimer.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: CapEx picked up sequentially, and it was up 30% year-over-year. Was there anything to read into this? I think, Doug, you mentioned that you had made some heavier investments in the second quarter than in the past.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I would chalk it up to timing. I mean, our CapEx forecast that we've given before and expected use of capital remains the same.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I think you launched Apex2 in North America and Europe at the start of the second quarter. What's the update in terms of adoption and contribution to growth?
Douglas M. Baker: Apex has launched in Europe -- Apex2, and I would say it's exceeding targets. It's off to a very strong start, nearly 3,000 installs to date. We expected in total opportunity in the $60 million [ph] to $70 million [ph] range for Europe, and majority of that, but not all of that, would be incremental. So it's early. It's going well, and we expect it to continue to go well. So it's doing what we expect it to.
Operator: The next question comes from Mr. David Ridley-Lane from Merrill Lynch.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Sure. I wanted to get an update on the run rate of cross-sell synergies in the second quarter and how Ecolab is tracking to the $150 million run rate target for the full year 2014.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. We're on pace. We'll look up a second quarter number if we have it. But I would say all the growth synergies that we expect are on pace for the year. So I guess, second quarter, we're seeing -- it was $119 million is what we saw. But I think the big number was we had forecast. That's the run rate right now. That we forecast we'd get to $0.5 billion -- I mean, $500 million right by the end of '16. We're tracking a little ahead of our forecasted pace.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Sure, okay. And then it's been almost a year since we heard about the enterprise selling initiative Ecolab was piloting in F&B and Water. I just wanted to get an update on maybe how many teams you have selling, if there's integrated solutions at the highest level with clients. And any thoughts about expanding that into other segments?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. We have corporate account people in both the Water business and in the Food & Beverage and Institutional business. A given enterprise will have a lead business and a lead division who takes responsibility for driving the total Ecolab portfolio in that customer. So I would tell you, virtually, every large customer in the industries that we serve has "a team lead" whose job it is to drive the complete enterprise sale at that customer. So with that said, I would say, as I've talked about in previous calls, we've had great success -- more success early than I think we anticipated. We continue to have very good success, hence the terrific numbers I shared with you earlier. I don't have a specific number of discrete teams whose only job is to go sell, say, F&B and Water together. It's really the corporate account team members on both sides. Both divisions are working together to go drive that.
Operator: The next question comes from Mr. John Quealy from Canaccord Genuity.
John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: First question, in Institution, you talked about QSR being solid again in the small and mid account area. Can you talk about is that foot traffic and volume? Or are there other underlying trends there? Like, for example, I know a year or so ago, Starbucks did convention opens and things like that. So if you could just characterize that a little bit more.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. A lot of it, I would just say, is new business, and the new business that was brought on by our QSR business was principally the medium and smaller-sized chains. This is good news because they tend to grow into larger chains over time, and it's where you'll probably see disproportionate unit growth going forward. That was the single biggest driver, but we do see different chains adding food products, be it wings or other moves, which tend to change the cleaning needs in a given environment and then also then drives additional products in the unit simultaneously. But the biggest move was new business.
John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Okay, great. And then a broader one-off question. I know the DOT has suggested new regulations for oil transportation by rail specifically on some of the heavy stuff out of Canada. I know this is early, and I know this is comment periods and all this. Are you working with some of your heavy oil clients about different formulations of what that could look like? And give us any characterization there, that would be helpful.
Douglas M. Baker: I would say the transportation of oil via KEYSTONE pipeline, if you don't build the pipeline, you're going to end up having the stuff shipped on rails. And I think there's a realization that, that may not be the best alternative -- I mean, the best answer because it creates risk, too. So everybody wants to manage one risk, and they forget about the other risk that they got to deal with. I don't have any great -- I would tell you shipping heavy oil is a little safer than shipping light oil, if you want to get down to it. We work with our customers on any of these issues. I think it's too early to say exactly how this is going to go play out.
Operator: The next question comes from Mr. Laurence Alexander from Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Two questions around the acceleration that you're seeing across your business. Do you see this as a multiyear surge? Or do you need an end market recovery to maintain it? And secondly, given the acceleration that you're seeing, has the underlying growth algorithm in terms of how many salespeople you need to hire to maintain the growth, has that changed? Or should we see a step up in hiring practices over the next 12 to 18 months?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Well, let's start with the formula or the algorithm question first. I don't think it's changed. We have been hiring sales team members this first half and have a couple of hundred more than we did at the start of the year. So it's a couple percent more. But if you annualize it, it starts turning into 4%, if we continue on this pace. So we are investing in the business while growing margins and doing the other things that we're expected to do. I would say, look, we would benefit by an economic recovery. I don't think it's needed for us to get into the lower end of our 6% to 8% organic range that we've talked about nor is it needed to add the 2 to 3 extra points from M&A. But for us to play around the top of that range, yes, I think you're going to ultimately need to see some uptick in the underlying economy. The way the economy's working right now, which is below 2 digits globally, I think we can get into the 6% -- about 6%, maybe up to 7%, but it can be very difficult to get to the 8%, 8%-plus range.
Operator: The next question comes from Mr. John Roberts from UBS.
Bill Carroll - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: This is Bill Carroll on for John. Can you remind us of your capital allocation priorities, particularly with respect to debt reduction? You mentioned a desire to get back to A credit rating. So what's your timing for getting the credit metrics there in light of using free cash flow for share buybacks and bolt-on acquisitions as well?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I would say our uses of cash have not changed materially, with the exception of the addition of some debt paydown. The debt paydown is about $300 million. It's proceeding. It's going to occur this year. Following that, we expect our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio to be low-2s by the end of the year and hitting the 2 range sometime early next year. As we go forward, we continue to grow EBITDA. So following that, I think we've said that things that are on the table, like additional share repurchase and/or more aggressive M&A, they tend to complement each other. They will end up to be, I would say, a bigger EPS driver than they have been the last couple of years. And of course, I'm excluding the big deals that we did with Nalco and Champion in that conversation.
Bill Carroll - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And another one on Water. What are your capabilities and appetite for pursuing opportunities in areas that you're not involved with now, like treating municipal water or agricultural processing?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I would say we do treat some municipal water systems today, had historically. We'll continue to serve that business as long as we can do it in a way that's reasonably profitable moving forward. It is not our target market by any stretch. I would say, look, there's a lot of places in Water that we see additional opportunity moving forward. Certainly, our Energy team is looking and getting after additional opportunities in their space using water technologies that are developed corporately. But we also see other opportunities, both in the pure water space and in the Institutional F&B and other spaces. We'll continue to expand our capabilities as we move forward. I would say that's our formula. We want to grow the business every year. We want to expand the margins. But just as importantly, we want to expand the opportunities every year so we never run into a wall and get into a situation where we are, if you will, at the end of a realistic share gain period. We chase over $100 billion today. We think we've got about a 13, 14 share, and we expect that $100 billion opportunity to grow as we look at new arenas. One of the areas we're going to be more aggressive in is going after desal, not inventing the technology but serving the installed desal units, be them -- be they the boil the ocean units or the membrane units. Either one we will get after, there are big service opportunities there. So there are plenty of opportunities in Water. Our Water business is performing well. Second quarter, if you take away the Paper business and the business that we are exiting, our Water grew at 7%. So it's showing continued sequential improvement as we said it would, and we're excited about the opportunities in front of us.
Operator: The next question comes from P.J. Juvekar from Citi.
P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Doug, looking back, these Nalco and Champion acquisitions were very timely. But your core Institutional business really hasn't picked up steam yet. Can you comment on what's holding it back? Is it more on the hospitality side? Or is it more on the restaurant side?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I would say it's more on the Europe side. I would say you've got to recognize we're now -- what we're reporting in Institutional isn't just U.S. business. We're reporting the global results for Institutional. If you went back pre-Nalco acquisition, because we hadn't globalized Institutional yet, we would have -- with or without the Nalco merger, by the way, but we were really reporting, principally, U.S. Institutional numbers. I said earlier, the U.S. Institutional number for this quarter was 5% growth. And we've had -- last quarter was 5% underlying growth, as this quarter was, but I think 3% reported. We said there was a bit of a take-down in terms of inventories. This quarter, both numbers were 5%, 5% consumption, 5% shipped. And so I think the Institutional business as it's historically been reported is very consistent with where it's been, and this is in spite of, I think, difficulties in that market. Restaurant traffic continues to be soft, in decline. Lodging has been strong throughout this period once it recovered from the recession. What we're really working on doing is getting the business right in the other geographies. And so really, the particular hole that we have is Europe. So Europe for that quarter was down, like, negative 4% in the second quarter, and it was a series of onetimers. Some of them we did purposefully. Some just happened to fall into this quarter. But we're quite confident that we are now going to see Europe grow in Institutional for the next couple of quarters. So I think Institutional is going to be fine. Some of this we just took on, went after the business. You know the priority in Europe hasn't been on growth, it's been getting on the margins right. Our Europe Institutional business now makes money. It didn't every quarter previously, and it is now consistently. And now we got to get the top line moving. And their efforts around new business, the new technology they're introducing, hence the earlier Apex question and answer, all are, I think, showing the right trends. So Institutional, we think, will be climbing back on a global basis in the 5-plus percent type growth business here relatively soon.
P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then, secondly, post Champion, can you size for us the revenues and profitability in your upstream and downstream businesses in Energy?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I -- if you're asking on Champion per se, we can't -- we can no longer split out the Champion business from the legacy Nalco Energy business just by nature of the type of integration that we've gone under, which is why we even handled the restatement. We're trying to give you guys a picture of what's happening organically. I would say, overall, that business performed. So we would expect, going forward, we're going to continue to have very strong results in WellChem, which is a combined business of the 2, Nalco and Champion. We expect OFC to accelerate. It's going to be the big beneficiary of a number of the new businesses -- or the new business opportunities that we've secured in the second quarter. And downstream has been performing solidly, let's say, in the U.S. and around the world, and we would expect that to continue to grow solidly. But really Champion brought both WellChem assets and OFC assets, 0 downstream assets.
Operator: The next question comes from Mr. Bob Koort from Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: It's Brian Maguire on for Bob today. Doug, I appreciate the comments on sources of the growth rate acceleration in the second quarter, too, that I was maybe surprised not to hear some weather normalization. I would have thought that maybe that helped. And also just curious to hear, given the strength in Latin America and Brazil you cited, any material benefit from the World Cup there. Or any potential hangover there?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I can't speak to the individual's hangover status. I can -- there wasn't a huge uptick in Brazil Institutional for World Cup. Interestingly, we rarely see one. You host the Olympics every other year. We tend to have a lot of that business or serve a lot of the partners who serve that business. We certainly are in most cities of the world. We typically don't see monstrous uptick in our business during those events, and we saw the same thing in Brazil. Simply because there's kind of a trade of influx of tourist dollars, somewhat. Those who live there tend to stay out of restaurants and others because think it turns into a bit of a hassle. So anyway, no big news there. I think the balance, I don't expect -- we don't really worry about that. These events happen all the time. So even if you did see a big lift -- these people are traveling from somewhere and they're spending their dollars in one city and not the other, we're in 170-plus countries, we tend not to focus on that stuff too much.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just on Energy. There have been some upstream project delays we've been kind of hearing about or tracking. Just any change in timeline on projects, any slippages there that you're seeing any impact from?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, we certainly had projects that were part of slip, but our forecast takes all that into account. And so the forecast that we've given for the second half is based on data that we know right now. So obviously, if something materially slipped in September, we may talk to you about it in the next call. But we don't anticipate that. All the projects we're on, we think we've got a good handle on.
Operator: The next question comes from Shlomo Rosenbaum from Stifel.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Could you just give us a little bit more detail on what's going on with Healthcare? It sounds like you guys are expecting maybe a modest pickup in the second half, but then being positioned to be a lot better in 2015. Given what we've seen over in the hospitals for the last many years, could you talk a little bit about the investments in innovation and what you're doing over there? And any thought as to what's going behind the expectation for the pickup there?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Last call, we talked Healthcare and basically said we're working on a couple of areas, certainly around innovation, how we're going to position our technology and how we're going to go sell bundled programs even more effectively going forward. I'd say that work is progressing nicely. But we didn't -- we basically tried to set an expectation that you're not going to see a material change in growth rates until probably early next year or end of this year. With that said, the business isn't off the hook nor do they consider themselves off the hook. They improved first quarter to second quarter. We had 3% growth this quarter. We aren't shooting off flares, but it's certainly better than first quarter. And I think the team's on the issues they need to be on. I like the work that they're doing. We have, I think, a good track record of taking businesses, and sometimes, you've got to retool. We aren't asking for any forgiveness on quarterly expectations or overall company growth rate or anything like that. We've just got -- Healthcare, we think we can make some tweaks to put this business in a position to grow high-single digits and do the things that we expect it to do going forward.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Just as a follow-up, based on what you're doing over there, you just mentioned high-single digits is a potential, what's a realistic -- do you think kind of near term, say, 2015 to '16 type of thought, you can get back to this mid-single digits on a regular basis sound realistic? Or what do you think about that?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Certainly, that would be our expectation, that we think the Healthcare business and particularly the part of the Healthcare business we're in should be a upper-single-digit growth business for us. So I guess, yes.
Operator: The next question comes from Rosemarie Morbelli from Gabelli & Company.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - G. Research, Inc.: I was just wondering, Doug, if you have seen recently a more competitive change, especially in Europe, where your main competitor is pushing price increases or so they say. Is that helping you? Are you seeing them take business or lose business because of that particular change in the way they are conducting business?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I would say we haven't seen a material change in the way any of our competitors are approaching the business, specifically in Europe, and I guess, specifically in Institutional was your reference. I'm not sure that we would always see that right away anyway. So I don't know exactly what they're doing. But if you're going to raise prices, you're going to do it with your existing customers, not necessarily with new ones. And so that wouldn't be as visible to us anyway.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - G. Research, Inc.: And are you able to raise prices in Europe as you are now focusing on growth? Or is growth actually not conducive to raising price?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, there's always a trade-off, but no, we are getting price in Europe. We're getting price, frankly, everywhere. I mean, not huge amounts. I would say, the traditional, on average, 1 point across the globe, which is I think what we had forecast we expected, and that's about where we are. I would also say that, that never includes the mix changes. So when we talked the Apex launch in Europe, when we trade out old solids for new solids, we do it at a much higher price, and that is not reflected in the 1 point of pricing I spoke about, which was the global number.
Operator: The next question comes from Mr. Andy Wittmann from Baird.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Doug, just your comments on M&A and bolt-on M&A kind of heating up, that's there's more going on there. What should investors be looking for in terms of where you think that -- in terms of total dollar deployment towards M&A could be maybe in the next year? You said it was going to be higher. I mean, is this hundreds of millions? Is it billions? What kind of order of magnitude do you think we could be looking at here?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Well, I guess, I signaled that there's no really huge targets on the horizon for us simply because it's not really as much an appetite challenge as it is just, frankly, a good fit challenge. So as a result, you're talking hundreds of millions, not billions.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Got you. And then just a quick follow-up here. This quarter, for the first time in a long time, we've seen GAAP EPS and adjusted EPS starting to converge a little bit more than we've seen. Is this a pattern that you think we can continue to expect going forward? Or do you think that the restructuring charges and other things are going to continue to -- is this more of an anomaly or something that we should expect to go forward?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I mean, it's both. I would say you'll see continued convergence. I don't think -- the $0.01 delta that we had this year of $1.02 and $1.03, part was because we had a legal settlement that was in our favor in there, too. So unless I can convince our GC to deliver that every quarter, which would be terrific, you should put that in your report, we don't expect that every quarter. So -- but I think you'll see, starting 2015 and on, yes, we expect really pretty much they're the same.
Operator: The final question comes from Mr. Mike Harrison from First Analysis.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: Doug, can you talk a little bit about how the Champion integration is going now that it's been in the fold for a little over a year? And I'm speaking specifically from a cultural standpoint, where Champion may have had a different approach to customer service as opposed to the Nalco approach. Have you had any key customer or personnel losses? And if so, how are you handling those?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Well, I would say, on balance and in total, I think the integration's going about as well as you could hope for. So I'd give you stats. I guess field level attrition is lower than it was premerger, so that's good news. Have we lost anybody? Certainly, but that's because this is a hot business, and both companies were losing people before the merger, and they've lost some people post merger. And guess what? We've taken some people, too. So that's -- I don't think there's any big news there. Customers, we haven't lost any customer that we can really identify. As a consequence of this, we had some -- a couple customers that I would say we had on our concern list, particularly going into due diligence, and that business has all stayed. We've had a number of the large players who were buying from both increase their share with us post merger. So all of that, I think, has gone quite well. You mentioned earlier a different approach from service. I would say, as I think we did very successfully when we brought Ecolab and Nalco together, the goal here was to take good ideas wherever they come from and not be just convinced that however you were running it before was the best way. So some of the customer service methodology that we've adopted came with Champion. Particularly in some of the North American fields and how we get after and serve and deliver product was really, what I would say, is much more of a Champion model than it was the previous Nalco model because we think it was a smarter way to go into business. There are other examples, too. And as we've talked in the Nalco-Ecolab merger overall, there's been plenty of things that we've adopted, I would say, from legacy Nalco, safety programs, onboarding of people programs. And certainly, our financial modeling and I would say, discipline around business reviews we've adopted from Ecolab and thrown across all the businesses. So I think that's the only way you can really have a successful merger. If you buy a company, you're buying a lot of know-how. And if you wipe out all the know-how with the thought that whatever you were doing must be superior, you're going to lose value in -- by approaching it that way.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: And then just in terms of the Asia Pacific market in Institutional, are we starting to see a pickup in places like China as those markets are getting a little bit more mature in terms of restaurants and hotels per capita? Or are you still pretty early on that curve?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I'd say yes and yes. We are seeing in China, in particular, continued strong growth in the Institutional business really across the portfolio, and I'd say it's very early days there. So you've got still fairly uneven situations. You can go to Shanghai, and it's one of the most sophisticated cities in the world. You don't have to travel far before it becomes, let's just say, less sophisticated. And as that economy -- as GDP grows, as people's incomes grow, we would expect that we would see the same evolution in foodservice, lodging, as we've seen in the other economies that have gone through the same growth curve. So we're quite excited about the long-term potential there, and we're seeing it in growth rates right now that are quite attractive.
Operator: At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Monahan for closing comments.
Michael J. Monahan: Thank you. That wraps up our second quarter conference call. This conference call and associated slides will be available for replay on our website. Thanks, everyone, for your time and participation. Our best wishes for the rest of the day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. At this time, all participants may disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-28 13:00:00) =====
Executives:  Michael J. Monahan  Senior Vice President-External Relations Douglas M. Baker, Jr.  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Analysts:  Nate Brochmann  William Blair & Company L.L.C. Gary E. Bisbee  RBC Capital Markets, LLC John P. McNulty  Credit Suisse Securities LLC Mike Ritzenthaler  Piper Jaffray & Co John E. Roberts  UBS Securities LLC David Ridley-Lane  Bank of America Merrill Lynch John S. Quealy  Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Eric B. Petrie  Citigroup Global Markets Inc. Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation Andrew J. Wittmann  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Dmitry Silversteyn  Longbow Research LLC Rosemarie J. Morbelli  Gabelli & Company Shlomo H. Rosenbaum  Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc Edward H. Yang  Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.  
Operator:  Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode (Operator Instructions). Welcome to the Ecolab First Quarter 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. After the presentation we will conduct the question-and-answer session (Operator Instructions). This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now, Id like to turn the call over to Mr. Michael Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael J. Monahan: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's first quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO. A copy of our earnings release and the accompanying slides referenced in this teleconference are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements on Slide 2, stating that this teleconference and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are discussed in the section of our most recent Form 10-K under Item 1A, Risk Factors, in our first quarter earnings release and on Slide 2. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with an overview in Slide 3, we delivered strong results from the first quarter. We leveraged solid sales volume growth, pricing and our synergy and cost efficiency work to substantially improve our acquisition adjusted operating margins and produce a very strong adjusted earnings per share increase. Looking ahead, we expect to continue to outperform our market and show outstanding 16% to 21% earnings gains in the second quarter. And strong upper teens EPS growth for the full year as good sales growth, appropriate pricing, innovation, synergies and margin leverage more than offset mixed markets. Moving to some highlights from the first quarter and as discussed in our press release, reported first quarter earnings per share were $0.62, on an adjusted basis, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items for both years, first quarter 2014 earnings per share increased a very strong 23% to a record $0.74. The adjusted earnings per share growth was driven by volume and pricing, new products, account gains, synergies, cost savings actions and the Champion acquisition. We enjoyed strong growth in our Specialty, Food & Beverage and Energy businesses. Latin America led the regional growth once again and was bolstered by strong gains in Asia Pacific and good growth in North America. These and other increases were leveraged by good margin expansion. We continue to be aggressive, focusing on top line growth. We are emphasizing our innovative product and service strengths, as well as our wide range of effective solutions to help customers get better results and lower operating costs. And through these drive new account gains across all of our customer segments. We also continue to implement appropriate price increases to help offset higher costs and investments in our business. We remain focused on expanding our margins, emphasizing productivity and efficiency improvements to help increased profitability as well as drive merger synergies. We also continue to make investments in key growth businesses to sustain our technology in sales and service leadership. We remain on plan for achieving our Nalco and Champion synergy targets. And our Europe margins are on track for further strong expansions. Looking ahead, while mixed trends in our markets present ongoing challenges, we look for the second quarter to show continued attractive sales gains and margin improvements. Second quarter adjusted EPS is expected to increase an outstanding 16% to 21% to a $1, $1.04 range and compare with last years adjusted EPS of $0.86. Business growth and the benefits from synergies and cost reductions should more than offset lackluster economic trends. In addition, the quarter will compare against a strong 19% adjusted EPS gain in last years second quarter. For the full year 2014, we continue to look for a very strong 16% to 19% increase to the $4.10 to $4.20 range. In summary, our first quarter performed very well and we expect the second quarter and full year 2014 to also show very strong earnings growth as we more than offset challenging economic condition, while we make the key investments to drive superior results this year as well as for the future. Slide 4 shows our first quarter results both as reported and with adjustments for special gains and charges, while Slide 5 shows our sales growth detail. Please note as detailed in the press release, to be effective in this quarter we made immaterial changes to our reportable segments. They had no impact on our consolidated sales or operating income. The impact of these changes on 2012 and 2013 results are shown in the appendix slides and the following comments regarding both our 2013 and 2014 first quarter results include these changes. Ecolab's consolidated fixed currency sales for the first quarter increased 18%. Acquisition-adjusted fixed currency sales rose 5%. Looking at the growth components, volume and mix increased 4%, pricing rose 1%, acquisitions and divestitures were 14% and currency was a negative 2%. Reported fixed currency sales for the Global Industrial segment rose 3%. The net impact of acquisitions and divestitures on the segment was not significant. First quarter reported fixed currency Global Food & Beverage sales increased 5%. Acquisition-adjusted first quarter fixed currency sales grew 4%. Growth was led by beverage and brewing, dairy and agri, which more than offset modestly lower sales in the weak protein market. Regionally, we enjoyed strong results in Latin America and Asia-Pacific with moderate growth led by share gains in the other regions. Food & Beverage continues to benefit from its total plant assurance approach to customers in which we combine our industry-leading Cleaning & Sanitizing, water treatment and pest elimination capabilities to deliver improved food safety results, lower operating costs and better product quality assurance for customers. This has enabled us to win business with key global customers and offset sluggish conditions in several of our regional markets. Looking ahead, we expect further good organic sales growth in the second quarter as we develop further benefits from growth synergies, better customer penetration and new business capture as well as leverage our innovation pipeline, including the introduction of 3D TRASAR for clean-in-place systems and Food & Beverage plans in the second half. Fixed currency Water sales increased 4%. Gains were led by good growth in the heavy, light and mining businesses. Regionally, we saw a strong growth in Latin America, good gains in Asia Pacific, modest increases in North America and flat EMEA results. We continue to drive market penetration with innovative solutions to optimize water usage using our powerful 3D TRASAR technologies. We are introducing 3D TRASAR for hotel and other institutional cooling systems in the second quarter utilizing salt chemistry in advanced dispensing, varying a leading technology from both Ecolab and Nalco in a premium customer solution. We are focused on building our corporate account and enterprise sales team delivering our growth synergies and improving product innovation to drive revenues. We expect to show another good gain in the second quarter as better growth in our heavy, light and mining businesses outperform mixed end-markets. Fixed currency sales for Paper increased 3%. Acquisition adjusted first quarter fixed currency sales were up 1%. We saw a double-digit growth in Latin America, modest growth in Asia Pacific and declines in EMEA and North America, resulting from continued low plant utilization and customer closures. We expect Paper to show modest sales growth in the second quarter as new business and technology penetration offset the challenging paper market conditions. Fixed currency sales for the Global Institutional segment rose 3%. Turning to the businesses that makeup the segment, fixed currency sales for the Institutional business grew 3% in the first quarter. Institutional's end markets remain subdued with modest growth in global lodging room demand and still challenging foodservice foot traffic across North America and Europe. Looking at regional sales trends, Latin America continued to post strong sales growth. North America showed good gains while Asia Pacific saw a moderate growth and Europe sales were up slightly. Sales initiatives targeting new accounts and effective product and service programs around our core segments continue to lead our results. We leveraged our global technology through the rollout of our next-generation warewashing platform Apex2 in Europe. To drive growth in the future and improve on our industry leadership position, we remain focused on executing global sales initiative, globalizing core competencies and introducing product innovations that delivers increased value with solutions that reduce water, energy and labor costs while also increasing our customer intimacy through outstanding sales and service execution. Were also making further investments in field technology to enhance execution in sales and service and we have better aligned our local sales team efforts around our global value proposition. Longer-term, our new global institutional structure is helping to accelerate global deployments of our innovation, technology and training, which we expect will help improve growth by driving better market penetration and new account gains. We look for second quarter institutional business sales to improve as global sales initiatives progress and continued aggressive efforts to outperform challenging markets yield better growth in the second quarter and over the balance of the year. First quarter sales for specialty grew 9% in fixed currencies. Quick service sales were strong increasing double-digits as we enjoyed steady growth from both large and small customers. New accounts along with increased service coverage and additional solutions for customers that drive their operating efficiency and food safety, leveraged generally modest industry trends. Regionally, the U.S. and Latin America recorded solid gains. Europe saw good growth from new accounts and additional customer solutions while Asia Pacific benefited from good quick service foot traffic growth. The food retail business increased modestly in the first quarter benefitting from customer additions, new products and increased penetration. We look for a good sales growth again in the second quarter and especially works to deliver another solid performance in 2014. Fixed currency healthcare sales decreased 1%, new account growth, better penetration and new product introductions were more than offset by continued weak surgical and in-patient hospital trends and uncertainty in hospital buying decisions in the U.S. healthcare market. Regionally, North America sales declined while Europe sales rose moderately. To grow sales in this challenging environment, we have increased our focus on corporate accounts and our integrated value proposition and continue to strategically broaden our product lines, rolling out new hand care products, new infection barriers and surface disinfectants. We expect healthcare sales to increase in the second quarter as account gains and new product launches in both North America and Europe more than offset a continued weak healthcare market. Reported fixed currency Energy segment sales grew 78%. Acquisition adjusted global energy fixed currency sales rose 8%. Our upstream production business saw a good growth in the first quarter led by strong international performance and deepwater results. Downstream business sales were good as North America refining improved and we gain market share. Looking ahead we expect acquisition adjusted Energy segment sales to show similar growth in the second quarter. We look for stronger second half and new business drives better growth and delivers full year 2014 acquisition adjusted sales growth in the 10% range. Sales for other segment increased 4%. Fixed currency Pest sales increased 3% in the first quarter. We enjoyed good growth in food & beverage, healthcare and restaurants. Regionally, we enjoyed double-digit growth in Asia Pacific and good gains in both North America and Latin America. However, Europe sales declined reflecting the timing of service calls that should be made up in the second quarter. We continue to drive market penetration with innovative service offerings and technologies including the global protect programs, Bed Bug Assurance, STEALTH Fly Station, STEALTH Fusion and expanding solution offerings. We expect Pest sales to show better growth in the second quarter led by gains in all markets. Equipment Care sales grew 8% in the first quarter. New account sales, better penetration, pricing actions and improved technician capacity and productivity drove strong service revenue growth. Parts sales were off slightly. We continue to see good results for both chain account and headquarter relationships, as well as by our work to drive sales through their regional and franchise organizations. We expect Equipment Care to show further strong gains in the second quarter as continued good service trends, pricing initiatives, improved parts sales and streamlined operations benefit results. Slide 6 of our presentation shows selected income statement items. First quarter gross margins were 45.5%, when adjusted for acquisitions and special charges, first quarter 2014 gross margins were 45.8%, 50 basis points above last year. Volume and pricing gains, as well as merger synergies and cost efficiencies more than offset the business impact of higher energy sales, which on average, have a lower gross margin when compared with our other businesses. SG&A expenses represented 34.1% of our first quarter sales. When adjusted for acquisitions, the SG&A ratio improved 70 basis points versus last year. The improvement reflected sales gains and cost-savings efforts, including merger synergies, as well as the mix of higher energy sales, which on average, have lower SG&A ratio when compared with our other businesses. Consolidated operating income margins were 10.5%. When adjusted for acquisitions and special charges, fixed currency operating income margins were 11.6%, rising 120 basis points over last years comparable margins. Fixed currency operating income for global industrial increased 7%, with margins up 40 basis points. Volume gains, pricing, and cost synergies and efficiencies led the gain. Fixed currency operating income for Global Institutional increased 7% with margins up 60 basis points. Pricing, volume gains and cost efficiencies drove the increase. Reported Global Energy fixed currency operating income increased 83%. Acquisition adjusted Global Energy operating income increased 36% in fixed currencies and acquisition adjusted margins expanded 270 basis points, led by the volume gain synergies, operating leverage and pricing. Fixed currency operating income for the other segment increased 2%. Improved operating results were offset by investments in the field sales force and field technologies. The adjusted tax rate was 27.9% in the first quarter 2014, when compared with 28.2% in the same period last year. This improved tax rate was the result of favorable geographic income mix, which more than offset the cost of the expired U.S. Research & Development tax credit. Please note our tax rate assumptions for the full year assume passage of the R&D tax credit in the fourth quarter. We repurchased approximately 2 million shares during the quarter. The net of this performance is that Ecolab reported first quarter diluted earnings per share of $0.62 compared with $0.53 reported a year ago. When adjusted for special gains and charges and discrete tax items in both years, adjusted earnings increased 23% to $0.74 when compared with $0.60 earned a year ago. Turning to Slide 7 and looking at Ecolabs balance sheet. Net debt to total capital was 49%. Looking ahead and as outlined in Slide 8, we continue to take aggressive actions to drive both our top and bottom lines. We are expanding our market share and customer penetration among major accounts and leveraging our positions in key growth markets in food, water, energy and healthcare as we work to offset continued challenging market conditions and unfavorable currency exchange rates, which could negatively impact sales by a percentage point or two in 2014. We expect to show good acquisition-adjusted sales growth and margin expansion driven by innovation, pricing, merger synergies and better operating efficiencies. We expect to deliver on these aggressive goals while building growth for our future. We expect adjusted second quarter 2014 diluted earnings per share to increase an outstanding 16% to 21% to the $1.00 to $1.04 range. Further, the second quarter will also compare against a very strong period last year when adjusted earnings per share rose 19% to $0.86. We continue to look for full year 2014 to show very strong growth as adjusted earnings per share are expected to increase 16% to 19% to the $4.10 to $4.20 range. We once again delivered on our forecast in the first quarter with a solid sales gain and continued margin improvement while offsetting market challenges and investing in our future. We look for further solid acquisition-adjusted sales growth and continued double-digit profit gains in the second quarter, as well as for the full year 2014 as we work to deliver yet another strong year and build for our future. A final note before we start Q&A. We plan to hold our annual tour of our booth at the National Restaurant Association Show in Chicago on May 19. If you have any questions, please contact my office. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, please begin the question-and-answer period.
Operator: Thank you. Well now being the question-and-answer portion. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Nate Brochmann from William Blair & Company. Your line is now open.
Nate Brochmann  William Blair & Company L.L.C.:  Good afternoon, everyone. I was wondering  I know you hit on it briefly and I know that end markets are pretty mixed across the board, but I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more of a regional update in terms of some specifics, in terms of what you are seeing, in terms of traffic or improvement in Europe, North America and it was nice for you guys to mention too Asia picking up a little bit? Just wondering if you could tell us a little bit more in terms of what you are seeing there and where the trends are.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.:  Yes, Nate, this is Doug. I guess you are referring to restaurant traffic?
Nate Brochmann  William Blair & Company L.L.C.: For the most part, yes.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: I would say, our business  traffic still is somewhat impaired in the U.S. Our business, if you look at underlying business in the U.S. Institutional field sales is in the 5% range, which is pretty consistent with how it's been running last few quarters. We continue to do a very good job driving new business.
 : Asia is getting better. Latin America continues to be very solid and strong. So I would say the economy this year is predicted to improve. We still feel thats true. I think the first quarter was a little tough to read particularly in the U.S. because of the weather.
Nate Brochmann  William Blair & Company L.L.C.:  Okay. Then just a follow-up on that in terms of the improvement over in Europe. Is part of that now your ability to be able to focus a little bit more on the top line and growth as we have some of the transformational projects kind of behind us or do you think that is just the overall economic improvement coming off the bottom? 
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.:
 :
 :
Nate Brochmann  William Blair & Company L.L.C.:  Thats great. Thank you very much.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Okay.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Gary Bisbee of RBC Capital. Your line is now open.
Gary E. Bisbee  RBC Capital Markets, LLC:  Coming out of the fourth quarter fall, all of the commentary was very positive about new business wins and pipeline and all of that type of stuff and then we saw the growth rates slow quite a bit in the industrial and institutional businesses. Can you do two things? Number one, quantify weather impact if that is possible? And number two, just give us some more color on you talked about account wins here in Europe being good and you talked about it in the back half of last year overall. But when do we start seeing that flow through into better revenue growth? Thank you. 
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: 
 : First, if you look at Energy, Energy activity, new business activity picked up particularly in the fourth quarter moving to first quarter. That takes several months at minimum to start showing up which is why as Mike mentioned in his formal remarks at front reflect confidence, that Energy well its going to run at high single-digits in the first half, is going to run double-digits in the second half, and our math suggests right now end the year at double-digits.
 : So we feel confident. Energy is on track doing what it needs to do and will be in a range of what weve always talked about which is for the double-digit business. The other businesses, the institutional businesses, the industrial businesses are all forecasting across the board, stronger growth as we go through the year. And if you look at underneath all of these, they are strengthening. We had a record first quarter new business. The quarter was plus 20% versus the prior two quarters in terms of net new business sold. So it was a quite dramatic increase in terms of productivity from new business and we know that translates into sales. So for the year we feel pretty confident that we will be accelerating, picking up and hanging in the 6% to 8% organic growth rate that we talk about in total.
 : So we feel confident. Energy is on track doing what it needs to do and will be in a range of what weve always talked about which is for the double-digit business. The other businesses, the institutional businesses, the industrial businesses are all forecasting across the board, stronger growth as we go through the year. And if you look at underneath all of these, they are strengthening. We had a record first quarter new business. The quarter was plus 20% versus the prior two quarters in terms of net new business sold. So it was a quite dramatic increase in terms of productivity from new business and we know that translates into sales. So for the year we feel pretty confident that we will be accelerating, picking up and hanging in the 6% to 8% organic growth rate that we talk about in total.
 : So we feel confident. Energy is on track doing what it needs to do and will be in a range of what weve always talked about which is for the double-digit business. The other businesses, the institutional businesses, the industrial businesses are all forecasting across the board, stronger growth as we go through the year. And if you look at underneath all of these, they are strengthening. We had a record first quarter new business. The quarter was plus 20% versus the prior two quarters in terms of net new business sold. So it was a quite dramatic increase in terms of productivity from new business and we know that translates into sales. So for the year we feel pretty confident that we will be accelerating, picking up and hanging in the 6% to 8% organic growth rate that we talk about in total.
Gary E. Bisbee  RBC Capital Markets, LLC:  Thats great. Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from John McNulty of Suisse. Your line is now open.
John P. McNulty  Credit Suisse Securities LLC:  Yes. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. So, it sounds like youre looking have a relatively large launch on 3D TRASAR side in an F&B and some other parts of the business that havent seen it before. I guess, how should we be thinking about what that may do to the growth, looking out over the next year or two?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Weve been in test for a while, were now rolling. Industrial launches always take a bit longer, i.e. to get to the peak average sales that we look for. I would say our early results, particularly in the industrial area has been very, very strong. And so, I dont think were going to have any challenge meeting our internal targets for 3D TRASAR, particularly in CIP, which is what were doing in Food & Beverage. In terms of solids, solid CIP 3D TRASAR is our targeted lodging effort. Its going to be lodging and hospitals. There were also having a lot of success thats just rolling out. We see incremental sales in the $70 million range from that, but that should take several years to generate as well, but I would say, all those things will continue to drive our vitality index and gross margin expansion.
John P. McNulty  Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Okay. Fair enough. And then just one last question. It sounds like LATAM was an area of relative strength for you, which is I guess hearing some of your peers throughout the quarter, that wasnt necessarily the case for everyone in the industry. So I guess I'm wondering what's driving that. What specific areas in the Industrial segment are you really seeing that strength?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Well, we had strength across the board. We were strong in F&B. We were strong in Water, we were strong in Energy and Institutional had a good quarter too. So I would just say our positioning of clean water, food, energy and healthy environment plays well in Latin America. It plays well frankly in all the emerging markets. So we saw very strong growth across the board in our emerging markets, not just Latin America. China was double digits. EMEA is going to start showing underlying strength as well as we get moving. Were starting to do, I think, the right things in Eastern Europe and that will get moving in the direction as well. So, I think its just right businesses and good execution.
John P. McNulty  Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Ritzenthaler of Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Mike Ritzenthaler  Piper Jaffray & Co:  Yes. Good afternoon. So weve heard that the rent prices on offshore rigs that they have been declining modestly month-over-month for the past few months. Can you describe how that influences your outlook seeing as it runs a little bit counter to that in the Energy segment and especially since Ecolab has a little bit higher customer intimacy on the offshore side of things?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.:
 :
Mike Ritzenthaler  Piper Jaffray & Co:  Of course.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.:  So I just look at it this way. I think the underlying trends that weve spoken about for the last few years in Energy are still the prevailing trends and that is new oil replacing old oil, new oil commanding significantly more of our technology than old oil. Therefore, youve just got natural inherent growth even at a relatively flat overall oil demand, which is not what were actually seeing and you got gas on top. So, I think our trends and what we see in that industry still feel very strong.
Mike Ritzenthaler  Piper Jaffray & Co: And then as a follow-up on beverage in particular, it seemed quite strong in 1Q as Mike had detailed in the prepared comments. Is there a way to delineate things like new products from other drivers like enterprise selling in markets like beverage? Is one a better contributor than another?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: I dont have that here. We can of course look at that. Id say two things. I mean we do have a bunch of new technology going to the beverage market, but weve also had a lot of significant success with large players in that industry and were gaining share. So its a combination of both and obviously technology helps you drive share. So even if you separate out the numbers, Im not sure thats the complete story because technology begets new business and so its all related.
Mike Ritzenthaler  Piper Jaffray & Co: All right. Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Roberts from UBS. Your line is now open.
John E. Roberts  UBS Securities LLC: Good afternoon. As you roll out 3D TRASAR into Food & Beverage, how is that going to play out? Is that going to free the field force to be more active prospecting new business or is it going to just lower cost initially in existing business? How are you going to utilize it?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: I think it just dramatically further improves our ability to be best-in-class with customers and this has got several impacts. One, it will give better usage rates, you are going to have equal to better efficacy. You are going to reduce water and energy usage considerably because you dont have to overshoot all the time and it also has a very tie in impact in terms of our ability to manage a water process at the back end of the operation. So this is important data that they need to collect anyway. It is now automated. I wouldnt say that it dramatically changes our field sales productivity measures, but it does gives us a very important tool to go out and solidify new business and up sell existing accounts. Thats really where were going to focus on driving that.
John E. Roberts  UBS Securities LLC: And I just wanted to clarify how you are going to handle the US R&D tax credit. So its not in your Q1 results or Q2 or Q3 expectations, but in the fourth quarter you expect to take a full-year catch up, which were actively in the fourth quarter for the year?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yes. Thats exactly how have we have it in the plan.
John E. Roberts  UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Ridley Lane of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
David Ridley-Lane: Sure. Have you completed cycling through the deemphasized business in water or is that a drag in the first quarter and if so, when would you expect to completely cycle through that?
 Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Sure. Have you completed cycling through the deemphasized business in water or is that a drag in the first quarter and if so, when would you expect to completely cycle through that?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Well be through most of it by the end of this year, but youre going to see it even in Q3 and very small in Q4.
David Ridley-Lane: Okay. And then was paper OIs for picking up despite the declines in North America and EMEA volumes?
 Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then was paper OIs for picking up despite the declines in North America and EMEA volumes?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yes, paper OI was up  volume for the exact number was single-digit. Paper was up  it was slightly up, but yes, it was up.
David Ridley-Lane: Let me squeeze one more in. Could you give some details around sort of the globalization of sales initiatives you have particularly in the institutional business. Thanks. 
 Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Let me squeeze one more in. Could you give some details around sort of the globalization of sales initiatives you have particularly in the institutional business. Thanks. 
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Like talk about the initiatives, well yes, we have the right global product line and it makes sure that we can get new solid Apex across the globe. Right now we have not add the capability to manufacture around the world. We have developed what Ill call a much lower capital manufacturing process, which will enable expansion of that program i.e. with localize manufacturing in a much faster manners than it would have, if we had not figured it out how to do this. Two, we are driving Global 360, which is the field technology tool that enables highly productivity, better service, better ability to capture information, which is an important way so to merchandize with particularly large enterprise account while what we are doing, what we see and what we can see suggest, they do to improve their operation which many times involve more of our technology and products and service. The other is just how do you operate the sales and service team and taking some of our know-how and spreading it across the globe. So its in all those dimensions. So its certainly higher-end product lines, it is the field technology tools and what I would call the general management know-how that we are driving right now. We work last year very aggressively on corporate account efforts in the like and you are starting to see that bear fruit.
David Ridley-Lane: Thank you very much.
 Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Quealy from Canaccord Genuity. Your line is now open.
John S. Quealy  Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hi good afternoon. By healthcare I know its a relatively small and promising area, but can you give us an update in terms of your satisfaction with results, Im not necessarily talking about the quarter, but mid-term platform expansion opportunity including external M&A there?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yes, from an M&A front I would say, with the promising property has been increasing and that's not only in healthcare, but that's across the board, as we started I would say re-emphasizing bolt-on acquisitions, be it geographic expansion, newer share play or new technology. And certainly our healthcare lift has benefited too from getting back on the focus which is I think, its a natural stage of where we are. Come to healthcare, but we dont like the results that we are seeing, we understand many of the drivers. The business is working hard at how improve their ability to go drive new business impact. So fundamentally in the U.S. in many of the areas that we compete, weve had same store sales equivalent challenges. This isnt unique to us. Its pretty much across the board in many parts of the healthcare industry. Weve seen this in many environments before and we overcome it by selling through it, and right now our sales efforts arent significant enough to overcome negative same-store sales. I mean it is about as simple as that. So our business is sticky, we are keeping it. There is a lot of the metrics that we like, but we are really if you will, in the shop working on, how do we drive that forward and work on it. Now I will say that's a competency that we have in this company, we are good at this and we are quite confident, well get this move in the right direction and the healthcare teams are all over it, but its not going to be an overnight success. So we are not going to start seeing the sixth to eighth, high single-digit collectively for a number of quarters and so weve got a so ramping-up sales, which we believe well start seeing, but we are not going to be where, we are comfortable for the several quarters.
John S. Quealy  Canaccord Genuity, Inc.:  Okay, and then a quick follow-up on Global Energy in terms of the guidance in the back-half of the year, was some acceleration in growth. I would assume thats still more geared towards upstream and offshore than downstream relatively incremental benefits in the back-half of the year?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Absolutely.
John S. Quealy  Canaccord Genuity, Inc.:  Okay, great thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from P.J. Juvekar of Citi. Your line is now open.
Eric B. Petrie  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.:  Yes, Hi Doug, this is Eric Petrie in for P.J. Just a question in terms of your Global Energy margins, it looks like some of your segment adjustments led to a total of advice lower 13 margin as 13.4% from 14.2% first quarter it was at 13.1%. How do you see the trajectory of the margins going forward this year?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.:  Yes, I think, the only change was happy corporate allocations I wouldnt, the underlying business margins in Energy has been improving steadily and its forecast improve fairly, significantly this year.
Eric B. Petrie  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.:  Okay. And then could us also talk a little bit about your sales growth in Europe in Institutional, and if youre seeing in terms of operating margin improvement of your 100 basis points, is there any attrition of that what you now focusing on top line growth?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.:  No our forecast in Europe for margin growth this year was 100 basis points plus and we see that as achievable obviously weve had to execute the rest of the year. Our first quarter margins in Europe were up several hundred basis points, it was a very strong start, stronger than forecast initially in fact. But these margins come in lumps at times, so its not this moved 100 every quarter, so we dont expect it was north of 250, we didnt expect to see that every quarter. So it was a good start. We do not see the focus shift if you will externally impacting our ability to drive the 100 margin point. What we do see is, as we start seeing top line, solidifying and growing which is what we saw in the first quarter. Solidifying, we expect to start to see growth as we move throughout the year. You are going to see a lot more leverage on all of that margin we put in over the last two years.
Eric B. Petrie  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.:  Okay, and then lastly if I could as you rollout 3D TRASAR into the light, industries and water can you just remind us your light, heavy, mining sales right now?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.:  Yes, in terms of percentage of sales in each?
Eric B. Petrie  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.:  Yes.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.:  Yes, its roughly, yes, just give us a second. Like 40%  yes, so light about 40%, heavy is about 25% and mining is 10% to 15%?
Eric B. Petrie  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Great, thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Mike Harrison from First Analysis. Your line is now open.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation:  Yes, I think that adds up to 80 but close enough I guess. 
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.:  Yes, we just got the same number?
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation: Was wondering if you could talk a little bit about Apex. If memory serves, you guys never really rolled out the Apex1 platform in Europe the way that you had initially expected. So can you talk a little bit about the Apex2 rollout and how meaningful that could be for the European institutional business?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yes. I know we do not do Apex1, we skipped right to Apex2 was in the process of being rolled out right now in Europe.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation: Right, but I mean in terms of how beneficial it could be, I mean this is sort of as you say, skipping a generation and really bringing a value creating platform to a set of customers that has been kind of behind the times. So how important is that to growing going forward?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Well, as I mentioned earlier, we had a number of very large new customer wins in the first quarter in Europe institutional. And certainly, Apex is critical and at least two of those. So its going to do a number of things, right it gives you a tool to go after entrenched business, because it is by far the most advanced technology in that industry. And so we know we have been handicapped for a while in Europe without the latest technology and without some of the tools, so we deployed another geographies. So this is one of the ways that we are going to start turning around negative sales growth to positive sales growth. I think if we look at institutional, we were positive for the first quarter. Its the first time weve been positive there in a long time, and we dont even have yet the benefit of the new businesses we sold, because thats really being rolled in Q2, as we speak right now. So without getting into specifics, we need to get Europe as Ive always said, our expectation of Europe will not be in the six to eight. But we do believe it needs to start getting in the 2% to 3% to 4% range, and its going to rollout technology getting their, the right field tools and driving the sales performance the way we drive it everywhere else, are they keys to doing that. Thats the agenda, we are on now. The P&L is much more rights than wrong, at this point in time in terms of balance of investments and cost structure. So that the good work that the new business will actually accrue the profit. At this point in time, given the structure of the business and so thats what were on. And new technology is the key part of it.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation: And then just a quick one on energy. Are you seeing any disruption in the Black Sea related to the situation with Crimea and Russia, Ukraine?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: No, its not the drama. If there are issues as a result of that I dont think thats how well see it.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation: All right, thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Wittmann of Robert W. Baird. Your line is now open.
Andrew J. Wittmann  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Just a couple here on guidance. I noticed you tweaked the gross margin guidance here for the year from 46% to 47%. Can you just talk about whats behind that? Was it accounting thing where you moved an immaterial amount of cost from cost of goods to SG&A or were there other things there?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.:  Yes, mostly Andrew, it was one rounded down and all rounded up. Were probably indicating more precision than we meant to as we went through this. Id say from a GP standpoint for the year, we feel we are in good shape, was up, if you do apples and apples 50 basis points Q1 versus last year. We expect that spread to widen as we go throughout the year. And so I think, we were taking the steps we need to do to make sure that happens. So its going to be a positive contributor but we were trying to indicate that its going to be 100 basis points better than we have indicated last call.
Andrew J. Wittmann  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  Can you just talk in maybe a little bit of detail on kind of the raw material environment that you experienced in the quarter, and how that outlook shapes up and factors in that gross margin number? 
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yes, raws are pretty benign as we look at it. So we do not expect raw materials to be a big conversation point this year, I mean their plus, minus and on the amount we buy its pretty very, very small. Pricing will certainly  pricing is going to be near what it was last year and in a benign raw market, its one of the key drivers that increased GP.
Andrew J. Wittmann  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  Got it, great. And just maybe final question on cash flow; do you still feel kind of like the $1 billion plus number is the right way to think about the year with the start that we have and where we are here so far in 2Q? 
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yes, we do. We think we are on track on cash flow.
Andrew J. Wittmann  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  Thank you very much.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Dmitry Silversteyn of Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
Dmitry Silversteyn  Longbow Research LLC:  Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking my call. A couple of things in terms of the food and beverage market. I think the one area that we consistently keep hearing about weaknesses in the protein market. Is there anything taking place that would reverse or alleviate that issue? Or maybe you can talk a little bit about what the issues are and how you are dealing with them?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.:
 :
 :
 :
Dmitry Silversteyn  Longbow Research LLC:  So this has nothing to do with changing diets or changing population dynamics or anything like that. 
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: If anything long-term, we think protein is going to be moving forward not backwards as diets change in the emerging markets.
Dmitry Silversteyn  Longbow Research LLC:  Okay. And then on the Nalco/Champion integration and the process you are making there, can you update us on what the cost synergies to-date realized were and where do you think you are going to be by the end of 2014 and 2015? 
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yes, well this is on the Champion  on the Champion side, as you guys, I dont know what  so on Champion, we had $25 million last year, were forecasting $80 million this. We were about $18 million in the first quarter and $130 million year after.
Dmitry Silversteyn  Longbow Research LLC: Thanks, very good. Then the last question on  there was a question about the situation in Latin America and you answered it nicely as far as what you are doing to sort of offset the issues there. But the other thing that other companies have been complaining about besides sort of economic condition is currency devaluation. I haven't heard you mention that as a problem. So is that not impacting you or is it you are just dealing with it in terms of getting pricing up or just weathering through it? 
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yes, I know as you are aware, we have business in Venezuela, Argentina and the other countries in Brazil. But Venezuela, I mean, were pricing to recover, where weve already had devaluation. It will fight for normal cycle that weve all lived through in the past and so were on the other end of that, but certainly there is still risk improvement evaluation in that market, which we talked about in our releases. So its an issue. So Venezuela is about 1 percentage sales. So it doesn't seem like the thing to focus on.
Dmitry Silversteyn  Longbow Research LLC: Got it. Thank you, Doug.
Operator: This is the operator. I just wanted to remind everyone that youre allowed to give two questions, one main question and a follow-up question. Our next question comes from Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company. Your line is now open.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli  Gabelli & Company: Good afternoon, all. Doug, you talked about the lack of impact from the issues in Russia and Ukraine on the energy side. Could you talk about what it could do to the institutional side as tourism may come down. So we are talking about restaurants, hotels. What size is your business in that particular neck of the woods?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: 
 :
Rosemarie J. Morbelli  Gabelli & Company: Okay. That is helpful, thank you. You talked about several large new accounts in Europe. Was the first quarter helped by filling up a pipeline or is it a question of those particular accounts showing revenues over the course of the year as opposed to one big lump in one quarter and then stop until they need more products?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yes, I dont think we shift anything to any of those accounts in the first quarter. And if we had, there are sometimes a small pipeline at front, but it's not that dramatic. Its principally an annuity business. And so as the business comes on, it starts consuming product, but at a fairly gradual pace, its not a big lump, big spike and then a downward trend, it's an upward trend.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli  Gabelli & Company: If you put them all together can you give us a feel for how much they could generate incrementally? 
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yes, we dont typically name names or disclose size. How about this? Theyre big enough to mention.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli  Gabelli & Company: Okay.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Its going to be meaningful, and I think you should expect to be able to see it in the P&L, in the sales trends, in Europe as we move forward.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli  Gabelli & Company: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shlomo Rosenbaum of Stifel. Your line is now open.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum  Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc: Hi, thank you very much for taking my questions. Doug, I just wanted to ask you a longer-term kind of holistic question. When you bought Nalco, the cost synergies were supposed to run through 2014 and were in 2014 now and youre going to have some benefit from Champion in 2015. It looks like about 30 basis points for the margin. Can you just talk holistically about the levers you are going to be going after to get the 50 to 100 basis point margin expansion when you dont have as much benefit from acquisition synergies?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Well, I guess, first I would say this. When we announced the Nalco deal, we first talked about $150 million and then we update months later the $250 million in total synergies and that was through 2015, right. The sale synergies of $500 million were through. With that said, they still ultimately come to an end, which I think is the heart of you second part of your question and Id say two things.  Our underlying business and we believe confidently weve grown this 6% to 8% range. We have four decades driven margin expansion and we will continue to do that. Plus we will be adding two historic, but relatively there will new tools, because theyve been on the blocks for a while, which is  were back in the share buyback business. So were going to be back in the bolt-on M&A business as we move forward. And share has been negative for the last few years, not a positive. But as we stop debt paydown, which is really only remaining of this year, were out of the debt paydown business. Going forward several steps that comes off, but its kind of natural occurrence and were going to have cash utilized for its M&A, which is accretive typically, and then second for some share buyback. And so, you take all those together. I think were quite confident that we can play in the 15% EPS range post synergy.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum  Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc: But is the 50 to 100 basis points on the operating margin still the way that you think about it or is there going to be more share buybacks than we had been thinking about before?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: No, I think the roughly 75 basis point operating margin is how we think about it.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum  Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc: Okay. And if I can just sneak in just the tone last quarter sounded like Europe was starting to get better at least it felt that way. Would you say that you are incrementally feeling better about Europe or just kind of reiterating what you said last quarter? And Ill leave it after that.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Starting at the same trend. Yes, were a quarter further in and I would say that, yes, we think Europe is showing improvement, our business in Europe in particular.
Operator: Our next question comes from Edward Yang of Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Edward H. Yang  Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Hey, Doug. Hey, Mike. The large new customer wins in European institutional, I was curious, was that from one of your larger competitors or how was that distributed in terms of competitive wins? And what are you seeing in terms of price competition from some of your competitors there?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: When I would say broadly on price competition, Id say we still see a lot of the same activity weve seen for a long time, which is typically the way our competition is. In many cases it got after our businesses by promising significant price reductions and so unfortunately that hasnt changed, but weve looked at that. I mean, its almost 25 years and weve seen after 25 years. So it probably wont change anytime soon. In terms of who is the business from, we wont get into the institutional business. It was large customers in Europe.
Edward H. Yang  Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Got you. And pest elimination, that moderated a bit, it grew 3% and had been running at 5%. Is there anything to read into that? Was there weather impact or was that just kind of lumpiness?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yes, it was hopefully in Europe and France, where we had delayed service and we only do offer the service when its performed. So we see catch-up there. So ultimately well be fine.
Edward H. Yang  Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Monahan for closing remarks.
Michael J. Monahan: Well, that concludes our call for the day. Thank you very much everyone. We appreciate your time and attention and have a good rest of the day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays call, you may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-21 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Monahan - Senior Vice President of External Relations Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Safety, Health & Environment Committee
Analysts: Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Bill Carroll - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Rosemarie J. Morbelli - G. Research, Inc. Eugene Fedotoff - Longbow Research LLC Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Richard O'Reilly Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Ecolab Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Michael Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Monahan: Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's fourth quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO. A copy of our earnings release and the accompanying slides referenced in this teleconference are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements on Slide 2, stating that this teleconference and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section on our most recent Form 10-K under Item 1A, Risk Factors, in our fourth quarter earnings release and on Slide 2. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with an overview on Slide 3. We delivered strong results in the fourth quarter despite continuing global economic headwinds. We leveraged solid sales volume growth, pricing and our synergy and cost efficiency work to substantially improve our acquisition-adjusted operating earnings -- or operating margins and produced a very strong adjusted earnings per share increase. Looking ahead, we expect to continue to outperform our markets and show outstanding 18% to 25% earnings gains in the first quarter and strong double-digit growth for the full year as good sales growth, appropriate pricing, innovation, synergies and margin leverage more than offset slow markets and unfavorable currency effects. Moving to some highlights from the fourth quarter and as discussed in our press release. Reported fourth quarter earnings per share were $0.93. On an adjusted basis, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items from both years, fourth quarter 2013 earnings per share increased a very strong 17% to a record $1.04. The adjusted earnings per share growth was driven by volume and pricing gains, new products, account gains, synergies, cost-savings actions and the Champion acquisition. We enjoyed double-digit growth in our Global Specialty and Global Energy businesses. We also saw good performances in Global Food & Beverage, Global Water and Global Paper. Latin America led the regional growth once again and was bolstered by good gains in North America and Asia Pacific. These and other increases were leveraged by good margin expansion. We continue to be aggressive focusing on top line growth. We're emphasizing our innovative product and service strengths, as well as our wide range of effective solutions to help customers get better results and lower operating costs, and through these, drive new account gains across all of our customer segments. We also continue to implement appropriate price increases to help offset higher costs and investments in our business. We remain focused on expanding our margins, emphasizing productivity and efficiency improvements to help increase profitability, as well as drive merger synergies. We also continue to make investments in key growth businesses to sustain our technology and sales and service leadership. We remain on plan for achieving our Nalco and Champion synergy targets, and our Europe margins remain on track for further strong expansion. Looking ahead, while economic trends and unfavorable currency exchange rates present ongoing challenges, we look for our first quarter to show continued attractive sales gains and margin improvement. First quarter adjusted EPS is expected to increase an outstanding 18% to 25% to the $0.71 to $0.75 range and compare with last year's adjusted EPS of $0.60. Business growth and the benefits from synergies and cost reductions should more than offset moderate economies, the effects of unusually severe weather on our customers and an estimated $0.02 from unfavorable currency. In addition, the quarter will compare against a strong 20% adjusted EPS gain in last year's first quarter. For the full year 2014, we look for a very strong 16% to 19% increase to the $4.10 to $4.20 range. In summary, our fourth quarter performed very well. And we expect fourth quarter and full year 2014 will also show very strong gains, earnings growth as we more than offset challenging economic conditions while we also make the key investments to drive superior results this year, as well as for our future. Slide 4 shows our fourth quarter results, both as reported and with adjustments for special gains, and charges while Slide 5 shows our sales growth detail. Ecolab's consolidated fixed-currency sales for the fourth quarter increased 18%. Acquisition-adjusted fixed-currency sales rose 6%. Looking at the growth components. Volume and mix increased 5%, pricing rose 1%, acquisitions and divestitures were 12% and currency was a negative 1%. Reported fixed-currency sales for the Global Industrial segment rose 4%. Adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures, Global Industrial sales increased 5%. Fourth quarter reported fixed-currency Global Food & Beverage sales increased 9%. Acquisition-adjusted fourth quarter fixed-currency sales grew 6%. Growth was led by beverage and brewing, dairy and agri, which more than offset modestly lower sales in the weak protein market. Regionally, we enjoyed strong results in Latin America with moderate growth led by share gains in the other regions. Global Food & Beverage continues to benefit from its total plant assurance approach to customers in which we combine our industry-leading Cleaning & Sanitizing, water treatment and pest elimination capabilities to deliver improved food safety results, lower operating costs and better product quality assurance for our customers. This has enabled us to win business with key global customers and offset sluggish conditions in several of our regional markets. Looking ahead. We expect further good organic sales growth in the first quarter as we develop further benefits from our innovation pipeline, better customer penetration and new business capture. Fixed-currency Global Water sales increased 5%. Gains were led by good growth in the heavy, light and mining businesses. Regionally, we saw strong growth in Latin America and Asia Pacific with modest increases in North America and EMEA. We continue to drive market penetration with innovative solutions to optimize water usage using our powerful 3D TRASAR platform technologies. We're also developing new commercial solutions for water recycling and reuse, mining and wastewater. We are focused on building our Corporate account enterprise sales, our growth synergies and product innovation to drive revenues. We expect to show another good gain in the first quarter as continued growth in our core heavy and light markets is again bolstered by favorable mining results and these more than offset the ongoing de-emphasis of nonstrategic business. Fixed-currency global sales for Paper enjoyed a strong quarter, increasing 5%. We saw double-digit growth in Latin America and Asia Pacific with flat results in EMEA and a decrease in North America, resulting from continued low plant utilization and customer closures. We expect Global Paper to show modest sales growth in the first quarter as new business and technology penetration more than offset the challenging paper market conditions. Fixed-currency sales for the Global Institutional segment rose 4% -- fixed-currency sales for the Global Institutional business grew 3% in the fourth quarter. Institutional's end markets remain subdued with modest growth in global lodging room demand and still challenging foodservice foot traffic across North America and Europe. Looking at regional sales trends. Latin America continued to post strong sales growth, North America showed good gains and Asia Pacific sales were up slightly and Europe was modestly lower. Sales initiatives targeting new accounts and effective product and service programs around our core segments continued to lead our results. To drive our future growth and improve on our industry leadership position, we remain focused on executing global sales initiatives, globalizing core competencies and introducing product innovation that delivers increased value with solutions that sustain water and energy and reduce labor costs while also increasing our customer focus around service intimacy. We are also making further investments in field technology to enhance execution in sales and service, and we have better aligned our sales team's efforts around our global value proposition. Longer term, our new Global Institutional structure is helping to accelerate global deployment of our innovation and technology, which we expect will help improve growth by driving better market penetration and new account gains. We expect continued progress in the first quarter as these growth drivers, new sales initiatives and innovations in key platforms enable Institutional to show solid sales gains throughout 2014, and once again, significantly outperform its markets. Fourth quarter sales for Global Specialty grew 11% in fixed currencies. Global quick service sales increased double digits as we enjoyed steady growth from both large and small customers. New accounts, along with increased service coverage and additional solutions for customers to drive their operating efficiency and food safety, leveraged generally modest industry trends. Regionally, the U.S. and Latin America recorded solid gains. Europe saw good growth from new accounts and additional customer solutions. And Asia Pacific benefited from good quick service foot traffic growth. Food Retail business showed solid double-digit sales growth in the fourth quarter, benefiting from customer additions, new products and increased penetration. We look for similar good sales growth in the first quarter as Global Specialty works to deliver another solid performance in 2014. Fixed-currency Global Healthcare sales increased 1%. Excluding the impact of low-margin business we exited, Global Healthcare sales rose 3%. Growth from new account gains and new product introductions was slowed by continued soft U.S. and European health care markets. Growth from contamination control was partially offset by soft instrument reprocessing sales. To grow sales in this challenging environment we have increased our focus on Corporate accounts, our integrated value proposition, as well as continued to strategically broaden our product lines, introducing new hand care products, new infection barriers and a surface disinfectant that kills C. diff in record time. We expect Global Healthcare sales growth to improve in the first quarter as account gains and new product launches in both North America and Europe more than offset a continued weak health care market. Reported fixed-currency Energy segment sales grew 78%. Acquisition-adjusted Global Energy fixed-currency sales rose 12%. Our upstream business saw further double-digit growth in the fourth quarter, resulting from strong international performances in onshore, deepwater and oil sands. Downstream sales were strong, resulting from a pickup in North America refining and global market share gains. The integration of Energy and the Champion businesses has gone very well. Looking ahead, we expect acquisition-adjusted Energy segment sales to continue showing good growth, driven by continued production strength in the deepwater and oil sands businesses and steady growth in downstream, which should more than offset moderated growth in North America shale. We expect first quarter and full year 2014 acquisition-adjusted sales growth will be in the 10% range. Sales for our Other segment increased 1%. When adjusted for the Vehicle Care divestiture, sales rose 6% in the fourth quarter. Fixed-currency Global Pest sales increased 5% in the fourth quarter. We enjoyed good growth in the food and beverage, health care and restaurants. Regionally, we saw double-digit growth in Asia Pacific with good growth in North America and Europe, reflecting solid execution in spite of the continued challenging conditions in that region. We continue to drive market penetration with innovative solution -- pardon me, with innovative service offerings and technologies, including the global protect program, Bed Bug Assurance, STEALTH Fly Station, STEALTH Fusion and expanding solution offerings. We expect Global Pest sales to show further good growth in the first quarter led by gains in the Americas and Asia. Equipment Care sales grew double digits in the fourth quarter, rising 11%. New account sales, better penetration, pricing actions and improved technician capacity and productivity drove strong service revenue growth while parts sales also increased. We continue to see good results from both chain account, headquarter relationships, as well as by our work to drive sales through their regional and franchise organizations. We expect Equipment Care to show further strong gains in the first quarter as continued good service trends, improved parts sales and streamlined operations benefit results. Our presentation -- Slide 6 of our presentation shows selected income statement items. Fourth quarter gross margins were 44.8%. Adjusted for acquisitions and special charges, fourth quarter 2013 gross margins were 45.4%, 30 basis points below last year. Volume and pricing gains, as well as merger synergies and cost efficiencies were more than offset by the business mix impact of higher Energy sales, which, on average, have a lower gross margin when compared to our Other businesses. SG&A expenses represented 31.0% of our fourth quarter sales. Adjusted for acquisitions, the SG&A ratio improved 120 basis points versus last year. The improvement reflected sales gains and cost-savings efforts, including merger synergies, as well as the mix of higher Energy sales, which, on average, have a lower SG&A ratio when compared with our other businesses. Fixed-currency operating income for Global Industrial increased 5% with margins up 10 basis points. Pricing, volume gains and cost synergies and efficiencies led the gain. Fixed-currency operating income for Global Institutional increased 6% with margins up 30 basis points. Pricing, volume gains and cost efficiencies drove the increase. Reported Global Energy fixed-currency operating income increased 54%. Acquisition-adjusted Global Energy operating income increased 31% in fixed currencies and acquisition-adjusted margins expanded 230 basis points, led by the volume gain synergies, operating leverage and pricing. Fixed-currency operating income for the Other segment declined 6%. Adjusted for the sale of Vehicle Care, operating income declined 2% as improved operating results were offset by a deductible of an insurance claim and on the write-down of certain field software. Corporate segment and tax rate are discussed in the press release. We repurchased approximately 700,000 shares during the fourth quarter, completing the 1 billion share -- $1 billion share repurchase we committed to following the Nalco merger close. 2014 repurchase activity will be made under our existing board authorization, which had 12.7 million shares remaining to be purchased at December 31, and we'll focus on offsetting the impact of share-based benefit plans. The net of this performance is that Ecolab reported fourth quarter diluted earnings per share of $0.93 compared with $0.77 reported a year ago. When adjusted for special gains and charges and discrete tax items in both years, adjusted earnings increased 17% to $1.04 when compared with $0.89 earned a year ago. Turning to Slide 7 and looking at Ecolab's balance sheet. Total debt to total capital is 48% at December 31 compared with 52% a year ago. Our net debt to total capital was 47% with net debt to adjusted EBITDA at 2.5x. Looking ahead and as outlined in Slide 8. We continue to take aggressive actions to drive both our top and bottom lines. We are expanding our market share and customer penetration among major accounts and leveraging our positions in key growth markets in food, water, energy and health care as we work to offset continued challenging market conditions and unfavorable currency exchange rates, which could negatively impact sales by a percentage point or 2 in 2014. We expect to show good acquisition-adjusted sales growth and margin expansion, driven by innovation, pricing, merger synergies and better operating efficiencies. We expect to deliver on these aggressive goals while building growth for the future. We expect adjusted first quarter 2014 diluted earnings per share to increase an outstanding 18% to 25% to the $0.71 to $0.75 range despite weather impacts on our customers and expected $0.02 of unfavorable currency. Further, the first quarter will also compare against a very strong period last year when adjusted earnings per share rose 20% to $0.60. We look for full year 2014 to show very strong growth as adjusted earnings per share are expected to increase 16% to 19% to the $4.10 to $4.20 range. In summary, we once again delivered on our forecast in the fourth quarter with solid sales gains and continued margin improvement while offsetting market challenges and investing in our future. We look for further solid acquisition-adjusted sales growth and continued double-digit profit gains in the first quarter, as well as for the full year 2013 as we drive to produce yet another strong year and build for our future. That concludes our formal remarks. And now here's Doug Baker with his comments on the quarter.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, hello, and good day. I just make the following thoughts or share them with you. First, clearly Q4 was a good end to a very good year with EPS in the quarter of 17% adjusted EPS and that gave us 19% adjusted EPS growth for full 2013. I would say the most important point would be we left the year with solid top line momentum. We had over 6% organic sales growth. That was our best organic sales growth of the year. We had very strong new business results again in the quarter. They have continued into Q1. And we have real traction on our new product innovation launches, which also is very key to us continuing to drive margin expansion. For 2013, we expanded margins about 110 basis points at the OI level. We delivered 150 basis points OI expansion in Europe. And we're on or above our plan in Champion and Nalco regarding our synergy commitments. So as we indicated in our release and as Mike just finished with, we expect 2014 to be another very good year. Our forecasted EPS for the year is between 16% to 19% growth. It's going to be driven by continued strong organic growth and a continued OI leverage. We're going to drive it the way we always do. We'll be nimble. We'll react to whatever the world throws us. We will make sure that, while reacting, we maintain our focus on new business and great innovation, disciplined operations and synergy realization. So I would say more of the same. We feel we're in a good position. We know what we need to do, and the team is doing a great job executing. So with that, I'll turn it back to the operator for questions.
Michael Monahan: Thanks, Doug. That concludes our formal remarks. A final note before we start Q&A. We plan to hold our annual tour of our booth at the National Restaurant Association Show in Chicago on May 19. If you have any questions, please contact our office. Operator, would you please begin the question-and-answer period?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mike Ritzenthaler with Piper Jaffrey.
Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: I'd like to drill down a little bit more into the Energy results. We've seen a couple quarters in a row where we were in the low teens, kind of 12% growth, but it sounds like your expectations are a little lower than that looking at '14. Does that exclude the lumpier pockets of demand like the disbursants or -- I guess I'd just be interested in your thoughts there.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I guess, if you looked at fourth quarter growth, I think what we've said is expect low double-digit growth in the Energy business. And when you adjust for onetimers, i.e., the disbursements either in third quarter or fourth quarter, that's what we grew at in the second half and I think that's what you should expect moving into 2014. So the reported was 12.5%. If you take out some of the onetimers, we would have been 11% in the fourth quarter. If I remember, it's high single digits reported in the third quarter. And then when you adjust it for onetimers in the base, you got it -- you're back into the low double digits.
Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. On Renaissance, real quick. You had been talking about a moderation in the margin expansion in Europe and it sounds like that's come to fruition with the 150 basis points this year. So as you look at '14, do you expect the cadence to be more or less consistent with that -- with your 100 basis point target going forward?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I think 100 basis point has remained our target. We indicated, I think, in the second quarter that we expected to do about 130 to 150 basis points in 2013 in Europe. Some of that was a catch-up because we were a little behind our pace early in the program as a result of raw materials. So we caught up a bit on pricing. So we had more expansion in 2013 than the 100 target. I think 100 target is the right thing to think about. Our plan, of course, is for more. But I think the right way to think about it is 100 basis points a year and we are confident we can continue to do that.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Doug, just on U.S. Institutional. What was the top line growth in Q4? And what's your expectation for '14? On the same front, Europe is still lagging. How much do you think that can grow, if at all, in 2014 on Institutional?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, U.S. Institutional all year has hung in there at 4% to 5% growth and it remained in that range in the fourth quarter. So U.S. Institutional continues to do the right thing. It's expanding margins. It's growing the top line. So that business is performing as we would expect. Europe, we've had soft sales, but we've had strong margin expansion. We certainly, if you will, inverted our equation for a bit of time, which is we are prioritizing in Europe broadly and in Institutional Europe, in particular, margin expansion over growth. But that equation's going to change and it's starting to change now where we are going to reprioritize growth as job #1. I would expect you to see steady improvement in terms of top line improvement. It's not going to be a big inflection point. So flattish for this year, accelerating through the year and starting to grow next year. With that said, it will be accretive. We will make more money in 2014 in Institutional Europe than we made this year, and the team's doing the right things to get that business structured the right way for long-term growth.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And Doug, just on Paper. Are you happy with the 2013 results? And what are your expectations for 2014 in Paper?
Douglas M. Baker: Since, I guess, after acquiring Nalco, everybody was -- kept inquiring why we would want the Paper business. We ended the year -- the Paper team, I think, has done a great job, certainly in the time that we've -- they've been part of our team and they ended the year with very strong top line growth of 5% in obviously an industry that's not the healthiest industry. But they're positioned well. They focused on selling the value-added technology. It's the most advantaged technology from a margin standpoint, too. They've had 2 years of outstanding operating income growth. So that business has performed quite well. I think that team's done a great job.
Operator: Our next question is from Nate Brochmann with William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Hey Doug, wanted to talk a little bit and this is much bigger picture and maybe a little bit even too far to look beyond right now. But you've done a great job getting the energies, as you said, with Nalco and Champion and I know there are still a little bit of ways to go there, but as we look a little further out beyond just the good old Ecolab playbook of blocking and tackling on innovation and new products, where do you think the next big opportunities are going to be? I mean, is that like China becoming more consumer oriented? Is that Water or is that really still Energy for the next foreseeable future in terms of just new developments across the globe? Just wondering kind of where you think the next kind of big opportunities are that kind of move the needle beyond the everyday.
Douglas M. Baker: Oh, I guess I would start with this perspective, Nate. We chase a $100 billion market and we're only $13 billion. So without any "big change or big win" behind our back, we've got huge opportunity and blocking and tackling will take us a long way for a long time. So I would say that's point number one. Point number two, our markets are going to grow. I think they grow faster than GDP because of the macro trends around safe food, clean water, energy demand and the position that we have in the Energy business, as well as just environmental hygiene. And all of those are moving forward at a very, very rapid pace. So in China, if you look at their 5-year plan, you clearly have food safety and clean water, as well as clean air, but we don't participate in the air part. But those are big, big priorities. We have food safety legislation in the U.S., which is now just being enacted. And you have changes going on in other markets around the world. Water is going to become a bigger issue, not a smaller issue. So we think that propels us even in spite of the fact that we already have $87 billion in front of us without any growth. So I don't -- we do not feel like we're sitting here. We think the moves we made entering the Water and Energy business in a material way were smart moves. We think they have long legs. We have a lot to do to fully leverage that move going forward, and our historic business in the food safety business has also got a lot of legs. So I don't feel I'm sitting in a position where we have to make any radical moves to position ourselves for growth. We are a faster growth profile company than we were before we did these acquisitions with Champion and Nalco. And right now, the team's focused on executing, leveraging, making sure we're well positioned to capture all the trends that I just discussed.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Now that's great. And then just one smaller one, just in terms of the weather impact. Obviously, that's impacted a lot of businesses, particularly in the U.S. Could you -- I mean, is there any way to kind of quantify in terms of maybe the headwind on the top line results that, that might have caused either in the fourth quarter or kind of now into the first quarter?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, it's going to be more a first quarter impact and it's foreseen in the still fairly hefty growth target that we gave for the first quarter. But yes, I mean, look, we live in Minnesota. So of course, we don't complain about the weather here. Otherwise, that's all we would do so -- but the rest of the team that lives outside of Minnesota, I hear from them that the weather's been quite difficult around the country. And I guess, I would say it's going to have an impact in the first quarter. It's foreseen there. It's a onetime event. We don't believe it's really anything to worry about for the year. There's going to be some positive offset in the year that, of course, we won't talk about that will offset or neutralize whatever we realize negatively in the first quarter. We'll deal with it.
Operator: Our next question is from John Quealy with Canaccord Genuity.
John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: First, in terms of Latin America and some of the currency changes that have gone down there, have you seen any change in local currency demand? I'm not interested in the translation effect, I think you guys covered it. But across the business lines, what are you seeing now in terms of that environment?
Douglas M. Baker: You mean in consumption? I guess, I want to make sure I understand.
John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Yes -- no, you're exactly right. In terms of your customers' consumption, how is their currency as maybe inflation picks up in some locations. Is that changing demand patterns for your products and services down there?
Douglas M. Baker: We haven't seen that. We've been through a lot of these in the past. They're never much fun because you end up, if you're going to go manage this correctly, doing a lot of things that you don't normally do in business. You want to make sure you shrink receivables before you walk into this. You're on a big, big pricing jihad right after it. And you got to make sure that you manage your customers in the right way for the long term. We were taking all those steps. I would say, typically, we come through these just fine. There's always an unfortunate immediate impact that you really can't avoid completely, and I think the teams have done the right things preparing and managing in the aftermath and we'll continue to do it.
John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: And then the follow-up. On mining, it looks like it came back as expected and it looks like it's going to spill over into Q1, some of that goodness. Can you quantify it for us or just give us a little bit more detail around the snapback in mining?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, we expect mining to be about the same in '14 as it was in '13, maybe modestly better, but not dramatically. And I would say mining is going to -- it's a good business. We have a good position. It has got a cyclical component to it. We'll ride it. It's a very small piece of the overall portfolio, so it's not going to have any material impact on us overall. But the mining team's doing the right things during this period of time, which is securing more share.
Michael Monahan: That's how we're growing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Bisbee with RBC Capital Markets.
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I guess, Doug, you cited the best revenue momentum this quarter of the year, and a lot of the numbers look like they ticked a little higher. Can you give us just any incremental color on what's driving that? Is that real momentum in the business, the new business you talked about? Is there anything, any onetime-ish stuff or easy comps anywhere that's driving that? Or should we think that business has really gained a bit of momentum in the last few months?
Douglas M. Baker: I think we felt like we gained momentum through the year last year in virtually every business. Second half was better than the first half in terms of sales. And certainly as we talked all last year, we had a very strong year in terms of new business productivity, as well as a strong innovation pipeline. So those things, we think, they started bearing fruit through the year and so we left the year, we believe, with better momentum than we, frankly, entered the year last year. So yes, that should pay dividends as we go through this. There'll be some probably near-term noise on what the numbers look like as a result of the weather. But fundamentally, we have more customers. They will buy more stuff this year, and that's the key to making sure you grow the top line and I think we've done a good job in those areas.
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And how much of the better sales performance is new products versus just better execution? Or maybe the macro getting a little easier? In the past, you've given us the vitality index or you might call it something different, but has that changed meaningfully?
Douglas M. Baker: No. The vitality index has remained in the same camp, but I would say some of the new innovation, much of which was launched late last year and will probably be a bigger impact this year from a sales standpoint, is right in the core of what we offer to customers, be it new technology in the Water space base, new technology in F&B, new technology in Energy and in Institutional are all in the biggest categories we sell and have the most influence on yes and no from customers. Last year, I would say you probably had more impact from just good old-fashioned securing new customers. This year, it'll be a little more balanced. We expect to secure more customers and have higher productivity and sales, but we also expect to see bigger benefit out of new innovation, simply because the launches that we made at the end of last year will bear more fruit this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Edward Yang with Oppenheimer.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Doug, I was just wondering what your thoughts are now that a few months have passed regarding the US Foods-Sysco merger. I know you have -- both are customers of yours. And are there any puts and takes? I've heard from some restaurant customers that if they use both, maybe they'll pick up a smaller distributor just to keep them all honest. But what are your thoughts there?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I mean, I think 2 things. This stuff happens all the time and one of the reasons we typically want to be with the biggest players in the industries we serve is they tend to be the acquirers, and that certainly proved true here. We've got great relationships with both. We will have a great relationship with the new entity once it emerges or post-close. We don't know what the puts and takes are going to be between now and then in terms of any requirements from the government. We've lived that first hand, so we know it's tough to predict. But I guess, I would just call this as probably not something that we're particularly worried about because we think our position is solid and we're in good shape and we'll manage through it. Our goal will be to help Sysco, the new Sysco, succeed as much as we worked to help the old Sysco succeed.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. Your pension and postretirement liabilities went down quite a bit. It was down 34% year-over-year. Is that going to have any benefit for you in terms of Corporate and Other? And what drove that improvement? Was it just plan returns, et cetera?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Well, yes, absolutely. I mean, pension gives a discount rate change, in this brilliant accounting move that we have at a point in time at the end of the year. So yes, it's favorable this year after being unfavorable for a number of years. So I would just say we're clawing back some of the money that we coughed up over the last few years. I would still say pension charges are high relative to actual pension costs because the discount rate, while improved from a P&L standpoint, is still relatively odd given history. So that's the view. I would say the benefit this year, most of it is going to be completely chewed up by FX, puts and takes.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Ridley-Lane with Merrill Lynch.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Sure. So for the first time in 10 years, Diversey grew its revenue in North America, albeit modestly, and the company has a goal of building critical mass in the U.S. Have you seen any impact on Ecolab's U.S. Institutional business? Did the win-loss rates change? And are you approaching new accounts with perhaps more competitive pricing?
Douglas M. Baker: Look, no. We've not seen any material change certainly in results vis--vis, frankly, any key competitor, including Diversey and including Institutional in the U.S. So we continue to take much more business from every competitor, including Diversey than we give up. We're growing at, at least double their rate and we're double their size. So in absolute dollars, it's a considerable growth advantage and we will work hard to maintain that type of advantage going forward because that's what we've worked to do all the years. So it's a big market. It doesn't necessarily mean if Diversey grows that it's going to be at our expense. So as I said, we have a 13 share, and we're the biggest guy. So there's plenty of room in the market. But right now, no, we don't see any impact on our business from Diversey.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then as a follow-up, Ecolab's had really great operating leverage in the Industrial segment as you've exited some lower-margin customers and products in both Water and Paper. Are you comfortable with the client product mix today? Or some of these actions will continue on in 2014?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, there's a little more in the base. So most -- I would say the vast majority of the actions have been taken in Water and Paper. We do like the product line. We think those businesses are well positioned. We think the team is doing a very good job. I already talked Paper, but I would say that's true in Water. Water sort of started coming out, if you will, from the shadow of some of those exits in the fourth quarter. Hence, you saw a 5% growth rate, which is not that different than we've been telling you Water's been growing at, the change is, you're starting to get out of the shadow. And so we would expect Water and Paper to continue to perform well moving into 2014. And really they are focused on securing new business, getting after leveraging the new technology that they've developed, et cetera.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Just a quick one. Are you seeing in any regions or niches more difficulty taking share or customers starting to shift -- introduce any menu shrink that would be more of a theme into late 2014 and 2015?
Douglas M. Baker: Not -- I would say -- you probably did ask me this in '08, '09, and I would have had a different answer then because, of course, we did see, in particular, foodservice and lodging as we were going into the '08, '09 crisis, you typically get guys pushing back on the number of products the buy. I don't -- no, I don't think that's the environment that we're looking at right now or facing. I think what's critical, though, to succeed is you have to really have a very sharp economic story as to why your program makes sense. So what's it going to do from a process standpoint? How is it going to help them make money? How are you going to help reduce Water footprint and Energy footprint? And how does that all add up to a good business proposition for customers? If we do that successfully, we have a very good success rate; and where we get a little sloppy in that equation, it's not a great environment to be sloppy.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Roberts with UBS.
Bill Carroll - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: This is Bill Carroll on for John. It looks like you paid down about $350 million in debt in the fourth quarter. And based on your interest expense guidance, it looks like your overall debt level will stay about the same in 2014. Is that the case? Or are you expecting that you'll continue to pare debt if you don't see any meaningful bolt-on acquisitions that you like, and if you repurchase shares to offset options dilution?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Well, I think you covered it. Debt will go down maybe a couple hundred million dollars this year but not -- won't have a big dramatic impact on debt. We will end this year with an EBITDA-debt ratio of about 2 and we're starting to get into the range that we talked about. So this is, if you will, the last year where we will have debt paydown as a priority moving through this other than when debt comes due. And so you'll see share repurchases here, as you just stated and I think Mike indicated in his comments, to neutralize any option redemption, et cetera, so we have a constant share base. But clearly, as we move into '15, '16 and '17, share repurchase will move back on, if you will, the cash used chart as to how we'll think about using cash. In terms of acquisitions, we have money in our plan for acquisitions this year. We are out actively looking for what I would call our traditional bolt-on type opportunities, not just in our traditional businesses, but obviously in Water and in Energy as well. And we would expect that we will start, if you will, rebuilding that pipeline, which we're doing and you'll start seeing the fruits of that in the second half.
Bill Carroll - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And also you noted that integration progress on Nalco and Champion is outpacing your own time lines. Is that the case in terms of dollar amounts as well?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I think we said, we're on or modestly over plan in terms of dollar delivery versus our $150 million target overall. What we're ahead of in a number of areas are the steps that we needed to actually realize these, and also the changes we have to make in terms of benefits and compensation and all the other stuff, that work has been done. It's been introduced. And so as a result, you take a lot of risk off the table when you move through that quickly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Doug, I'm impressed by the way you guys keep delivering on the Energy side. I was wondering -- a couple of questions around that because I haven't seen that from a lot of other chemical suppliers into that market. Is there something special, some secret sauce you can share with us in terms of market share gains? Have you completely overlapped the customer bases of Nalco and Champion and done the cross-selling, at least, awareness and acknowledgment of what you could do there in executing against that? And are you getting any price in that market? And lastly, what do you think that, that end market is growing at? Obviously, you guys are growing, I assume, at some multiple.
Douglas M. Baker: I think as we walk through it, the end market, we think, is growing in the high single digits and that's really a function of, if you will, new oil, which commands much more of the types of products and services we sell displacing old oil. And as a result of that, we have market growth even in a relatively flat oil environment. And I mean, that's a big heart of the story. So you'd say secret sauce, a big piece of it is our position vis--vis new oil and old oil, and that we have outsized share in new unconventional oil, in offshore, in other places where it takes more of our types of services than in the wells that are going dry. And just that move and that shift in mix is a big part of the growth. With that, we continue to work hard to secure new business. I think the team's done an excellent job managing clearly a big integration and keeping their eye on the ball. We have lost virtually no customers as a consequence of this other than those that we were forced to exit as a result of the DOJ ruling. And so I think the team's done a very good job. As we manage going forward, we've talked about this. We're in the production phase of this business. It's not the highly cyclical phase of the business. Hence, you do see fairly steady patterns in this business, which is what we saw historically when we looked at it and what we predicted we would have after we secured the business. And I just think that's what's playing out here. We will have quarters where we will be high single digit, not low double digit like the third quarter, and everybody wondered have we given up the ghost on double-digit growth. We think we'll bounce around high single, low double, but average low double-digit growth in this business for the foreseeable future.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Wittmann with Robert W. Baird.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Just 1 or 2 questions here, 2 quick ones. To complete the picture on the cash flows and the debt deleveraging, I didn't hear a CapEx kind of guidance number for the year. Do you happen to have what you're just looking to spend?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, 5.5% of sales would be the CapEx model guidance.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Got you. And then, Doug, just in terms of the price cost curve, I think you gave maybe a couple of comments on raws, but can you just talk about -- I kind of think of '13 was the year where you were recovering price. Are we still recovering price? Is that the expectation for '14? Or can you talk about what your outlook is for raws and for pricing versus those for the year ahead?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Walking in, I would say we thought it was going to be a benign raw market. If you asked me, third quarter last year, our forecast for '14, I would say we think it's going to be not as benign as we had thought. So we're assuming that we're going to have some raw material pressures throughout the year and we're taking the actions to get after that. But again, I would say that's built into our forecast. So to do what we say we're going to do, we need to continue to get after pricing. We have, by and large, recovered, if you will, from the last raw material run-up. And we are confident we'll offset any raw material run-ups that we see from a dollar standpoint and we'll see on the margin side. But we're pretty confident we have the game in hand and we're assuming probably less favorable raw environment than we thought, if you will, third quarter of last year. But we need to think that way, otherwise, you're not going to get on pricing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a quick question on Energy again. It seems like you had strong upstream business with deepwater oil sands. Can you just compare your upstream business with downstream in terms of growth and margins?
Michael Monahan: P.J., you kept fading out. Could you repeat the last part of your question?
P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, sorry. Can you compare your upstream versus downstream business in Energy in terms of growth rates and margins?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Well, the downstream business has improved all year. It's not a double-digit growth business, though its growth rate in the fourth quarter -- I'm looking at a chart, I think it was 8%, okay? It was 8%. So that business is performing well, but obviously, it's part of the total portfolio there and that overall business grew at 12.5%. So the rest you can figure out is growing at a faster rate. And I think that's what we'll continue to see, that both our well chem business, which is drilling and additives and our OFC business have been performing quite well. And we would expect to see that trend continue. The downstream business on a stand-alone basis is a very good business and very well run.
P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And just all the water that is used in frac-ing, is there a significant opportunity for your water treatment business?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I think there's a significant opportunity for -- definitely all kinds of technologies there. Certainly, you can think about how do you treat water post frac so that they can reuse it again and we are deploying technologies there. I mean, even some of the antimicrobials I've talked about that Energy took from F&B is being deployed for that purpose in retention ponds and the like. So there are mechanical ways to do it. There are chemical ways. There are new treatments that have been developed that basically create a situation where you could use a lot less water to create the same advantage via the frac. That's probably even more impactful for those running frac-ing operations because they don't need to truck in the water to begin with and they have less to deal with post frac. So there's a host of technologies that we're working on to take advantage of the frac-ing opportunity and the challenges that our customers in that business face.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Bisbee with RBC Capital Markets.
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just 1 quick follow-up. Can you give us a sense what the FX rates for a couple of the major currencies are that you forecast for 2014 in terms of the segment revenues?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. What's your favorite rate, Gary, the euro?
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes, sure, sure.
Douglas M. Baker: 1.35 is our management spot rate, is our forecast. It should be about 1.36 is what we've got the forecast at
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay.
Douglas M. Baker: Any others you like?
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Well, I mean, you tell me what are the next, say, 2 biggest?
Douglas M. Baker: Most people miss this. The second biggest impact we have is, Ecolab trivia for 100, the Canadian dollar. Can you guess that? So there, we've got a spot rate of 91 5.
Operator: Our next question comes from John McNulty with Credit Suisse.
John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes. So with -- I believe in your comments about the outlook for energy in 2014. You had indicated deepwater and oil sands were going to be the big drivers and it was going to help to offset weakness on the North American shale front. Can you walk us through what weakness you're actually seeing there and if it's -- is it negative or is it just more moderate growth out of that business?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, a moderation of the growth rate, not negative growth by any means. So no, I mean, it continues to grow. It continues to be -- I even think that outlook's changing with $5 gas and other things that are going on right now. So yes, I would say look, all businesses have their challenges. I think as we look at the Energy business, they're certainly more in the positive ledger than the negative.
John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. No, that definitely makes sense. And then just one follow-up. I know there was a large-scale water and paper transaction that happened in the market in the last week or so. And I guess I'm wondering if you looked at that and whether it was an attractive opportunity to you or it was just something you just didn't even look at.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Look, we shy away from commenting on that. But I think we've said before, I mean, a big piece of that was Paper. We like our Paper business, but we don't plan to get bigger in that area. So that's just not where we're going to go fish. We think we are -- we have a great team, great technology in the Water business, in the Paper business. We don't feel we're subscale or missing anything. So that's -- we're happy where we are.
Operator: Our next question is from Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli and Company.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - G. Research, Inc.: Following up on the paper side, Doug, I was wondering as your business is growing at 5% and there is still shrinking in North America and Europe is not going anywhere, what is the percentage of your business in Asia Pacific where growth is actually quite substantial? And what are you doing in terms of increasing that share?
Michael Monahan: We're looking.
Douglas M. Baker: Rosemarie, you sent us into a deck. The sales? Yes, okay. Asia is about 20% of our Paper sales in total and is growing faster than Paper on average, how's that?
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - G. Research, Inc.: Okay. So do you have any programs in place so it can eventually become, let's call it, 50% of your Paper sales? Asia Pacific, and I mean by that, India, as well is growing if you look at that region.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, we're fairly well positioned in Asia. The program I, mean, it's going to take a while because we want to grow all regions. And so the fastest way to flip a mix is to have a disaster in another region. So our plan is to continue growth in all regions, but have outsized growth in Asia Pacific. So I don't think you're going to see 50% anytime soon, but I do think you'll see continued increase in terms of size of AP relative to the whole Paper business.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - G. Research, Inc.: And is the profitability of that business higher in Asia Pacific than it is in North America and Europe?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, we don't disclose profitability by region. But what we would focus on there, Rosemarie, is not necessarily OI. What we care a lot about is gross margin. If you have your gross margins right, then over time, scale will work for you. And we want to make sure that the business we're securing in these new regions is at a gross margin that will ultimately enable us to make a very handsome OI. And so we are very disciplined there. But for periods of time in these markets, we will go with negative OI or very low OI as long as it's just high SG&A and not a lousy GP.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - G. Research, Inc.: Okay. No, that is great. And I have a question regarding Textile Care. Obviously, it seems to be the only one of your operations that has a negative top line growth, which is, to a very large degree, related to the industry. But I was wondering if you were to exit that, not offer Textile Care to your existing customers, would you lose business in other areas? In other words, you are kind of stuck with it?
Douglas M. Baker: No, I wouldn't say that. I think we've been in the business because we're good at it and over periods of time, we think this business works for us. But no, I wouldn't call this like there's some kind of strategic pull and you would be penalized in other businesses. So with that said, I mean, the textile business we expect to perform much better in 2014 and it's predicated on understanding of what our new customer pipeline is, both already secured or nearly secured. And so I think that business will do much better in '14.
Operator: Next question comes from Eugene Fedotoff with Longbow Research.
Eugene Fedotoff - Longbow Research LLC: Doug, just wanted to follow up on severe weather impact in first quarter. When you look at the portfolio of your businesses, can you share your thoughts where you think you'll see the most of the impact of weather?
Douglas M. Baker: Oh, weather would impact. Look, it's going to be U.S. It's going to impact -- our business is exposed to foodservice, food retail and energy, right? Energy, to some extent, not a huge extent, but Energy is going to be impacted, too.
Eugene Fedotoff - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then a question on the equipment and repair business. It seems like the business has been growing top line over the last couple of quarters, mid-single and even double digits this quarter. Was that business profitable in 2013? And what's happening with operating profits there?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, no. We were -- first of all, I should thank you for the question because I got this question for 12 straight years and I was not able to say this. So we made money in 2013, not just cash, but actual profit, fully loaded. We expect to continue to drive that business and expand its margins in 2014. So the business has been accretive for quite a while and continues to be so. The business is doing well.
Operator: Our next question is from Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Doug, just I noticed you talked about the change pretty soon in Europe that you're going to switch from the focus on more cost-cutting over there to kind of driving the top line a little bit more. Is that sensing a change in the end markets? Or is this sensing a change in the cost-cutting opportunities? And what time frame are you talking about there?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I think the time frame's over this year. I mean, it's not on Tuesday. So it takes some time to enact this shift. You can call it right away and we have called it. What's driving it? I would say it's where we are in the development. A lot of the cost-saving activity is going to be shifting into the product supply arena, but doesn't have the same direct impact on the organization that some of the other work did. So the organization shift can occur right now and I would say in some of the markets, you're going against a pretty easy comparable. So the market looks a little steadier than it did, say, a year ago.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then just given where we are right now in the global economy and what you see, where do you feel your opportunity is for your organic growth rate in the current environment over the next few years? You guys have talked about like 6% to 8%. Does the low end of that sound right? Does the midpoint, the end? I mean, where does -- how does that sound?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Look, we're in the low end of our range right now and that's with Europe down modestly and it's 20% of our business. You start getting Europe to move just a point or so, it starts kicking it quickly into the middle of the 6% to 8% organic range and plus. Without Europe, we're already at 8%. So I think that range is a way to think about it. We're going to have businesses that go through some rework at any one period of time. I think the 6% to 8% is sustainable for us. I think you'll see with some bolt-on acquisition work that we may trip over that in terms of reported numbers. But organic 6% to 8% is our target. We think it's the right one. There's opportunity in almost every region in almost every business. And I guess when we start getting pinned in a business where we don't think we can grow it, we start becoming less enamored with it.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Got you. If you don't mind, just a kind of housekeeping. What was the free cash flow for the year, and how should we think of that for 2014?
Douglas M. Baker: Free cash flow was basically $900 million for the year, up substantially from last year, and we would expect it to be up substantially again in '14.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Richard O'Reilly with Revere Associates.
Richard O'Reilly: On the margins for the Energy business, the footnote says the adjusted was up 230 basis points. That's up from the 17.4%? Is that what we should be comparing against?
Michael Monahan: Hey, Richard. That's acquisition adjusted. Pro forma.
Douglas M. Baker: Right. So yes. It's as if we owned Champion in the fourth quarter as well. So what we're comparing there is saying if Champion and Nalco were a combined business in Q4 of '12 where we compare Q4 '13 versus that pro forma, we're up 230 basis points.
Richard O'Reilly: Okay, fine. Okay, okay. I don't know if we have the absolute [ph] number.
Douglas M. Baker: In that business, we're seeing the synergies roll through. We can talk synergy numbers. But if I don't see them show up in the P&L, you're not very confident in the addition.
Richard O'Reilly: Right, and does that include the Champion goodwill amortization, too, the $19 million?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. It's in both.
Operator: Our final question comes from Mr. Mike Harrison with First Analysis.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: Had a question on the 3D TRASAR solid technology that you just announced. Obviously, looks like a nice example of you cross-pollinating the Ecolab and Nalco technologies in that field. Can you talk about some of the advantages or new applications that the solid technology gets you into versus the legacy 3D TRASAR for cooling water? And is there going to be any cannibalization there? Or is this not really something that you -- where you can migrate legacy customers over to the new technology?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, Mike, you could migrate existing customers over to it, but the focus is going to be on securing new business. So what this does is it positions water in a unique way to go after the Institutional or the light water market. And it gives them a way to compete that no other competitor could compete. So the solid benefits in that industry are very similar to the solid benefits in all the other industries we apply them: easier to handle; much safer; high, high control of costs; lower plastic; bigger sustainability benefit. I mean, it goes on and on. I would say the reaction of customers, once we put this together, has been very favorable. And interestingly, premerger, Nalco worked along an initiative like this, sort of like Ecolab worked on an initiative to duplicate or replicate 3D TRASAR. Ecolab got pinned by the IP. We couldn't quite get there. Nobody else has been able to either. And on the solids, know-how is very important in how you do this, and Nalco didn't have solidification knowledge within their R&D. Clearly, we do now as a combined organization. So what we've really done is, to your point, marry great technologies from both companies to create a new offer. The great thing about the light industry that we're going to go after is high margin, high retention. This used to be big area of emphasis for Nalco if you go back in the '90s, pre-Suez and the rest. And everybody's quite excited about our capabilities there. And clearly, there's great cross-selling because we've got very good share and established relationships in those industries. So it's spot on to what we thought we would do when we made this acquisition, and so this is the type of work that we want to get after because it will grow the business.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: All right, sounds good. And just one last one. You referenced the gross margin, maybe seeing some pressure related to the increasing mix of the Energy business within the overall margin picture. How much lower than the 46% gross margin number you're pointing to for next year for the whole company? How much lower is the energy gross margin?
Douglas M. Baker: I guess we don't disclose it, but here's how -- I'll just share this, how we think about it. I don't care if our reported gross profit is going down because of mix if all of these subcomponents of the gross profit mix are healthy, which is really the case here. If you looked at fourth quarter and you took out the Energy mix component, we're up about 20 basis points on GP year-on-year. So what's important to us is how's the Institutional GP doing? How is F&B doing? How is Specialty doing? How is Pest doing? How is Water doing? How is Paper doing? And how is Energy doing? If all those GPs are moving the right direction then I don't care if mix because, one's growing faster than the other, has a dampening effect on the reported GP because it doesn't have anything to do with the health of the business. Our equalizer is OI. And OI is a metric that we look at because you have different places. You've got different geographies of the P&L of a pest versus a soap business, et cetera. And OI is the one that we really make sure that we focus on and want to see drop through of all good efforts, and you saw that. You saw it in Energy. Virtually every business we were in last year had nearly a triple-point basis point improvement in OI. And to us, that's really the strong measure we look at. Are we successfully growing top line and creating more leverage as a result of both volume and good efforts inside the business.
Michael Monahan: All right. That wraps our fourth quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated slides will be available for replay on our website. So thank you very much for your time and participation, and our best wishes for the rest of the day for everyone. Thank you.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-29 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Monahan - Senior Vice President of External Relations Douglas M. Baker - Chairman of The Board, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Safety, Health & Environment Committee
Analysts: David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division John Roberts - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Eric Petrie Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc. Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Ecolab Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Michael Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Monahan: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's Third Quarter Conference Call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO. A copy of our earnings release and accompanying slides referenced in this teleconference are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements on Slide 2, stating that this teleconference and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Form 10-K under the item 1A, Risk Factors, in our third quarter earnings release and on Slide 2. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with an overview in Slide 3, we delivered strong results in the third quarter despite continuing global economic headwinds. We leveraged solid sales volume growth, pricing and our synergy and efficiency work to substantially improve operating margins and produce a very strong adjusted earnings per share increase. Looking ahead, we expect to continue to outperform our markets and show further double-digit earnings gains in the fourth quarter and the full year as good sales growth, appropriate pricing, innovation, synergies and margin leverage, as well as acquisitions, more than offset slow markets and investments in the business. Moving to some highlights from the third quarter, and as discussed in our press release, reported third quarter earnings per share were $1. On an adjusted basis, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items from both years, third quarter 2013 earnings per share increased an outstanding 20% to $1.04. The adjusted earnings per share growth was driven by volume and pricing gains, new products and new accounts, synergies, cost-savings actions and the Champion acquisition. We enjoyed double-digit growth in our Global Specialty business, along with solid acquisition-adjusted gains in Global Energy. Latin America led the regional growth once again and was bolstered by good gains in North America and Asia Pacific. These and other increases were leveraged by good margin expansion. We continue to be aggressive, focusing on top line growth. We're emphasizing our innovative products and service strengths, as well as our range of solutions to help customers get better results and lower costs, and through these, drive new account acquisition across all of our customer segments. We also continue to implement appropriate price increases to help offset lower -- or higher costs and investments in our business. We remain focused on expanding our margins, emphasizing productivity and efficiency improvements, to help increase profitability, as well as drive merger synergies. We also continue to make investments in key growth businesses to sustain our technology and sales and service leadership. We remain on or ahead of plan for our Nalco and Champion synergy targets. Europe margins remain on track for strong growth. Looking ahead, while economic trends present ongoing challenges, we continue to look for the fourth quarter to show further attractive sales gains and margin improvement. Fourth quarter adjusted EPS is expected to increase 13% to 18% to the $1.01 to $1.05 range and compare with adjusted EPS of $0.89, as business growth and the benefits from synergies and cost reductions more than offset soft economies, business investments, in comparison against a near 30% adjusted EPS gain in last year's fourth quarter. We narrowed our full year forecast for 2013 and look for a strong 18% to 19% increase to the $3.51 to $3.55 range. In summary, we expect the fourth quarter to show another attractive double-digit earnings growth performance by Ecolab, as we also make key investments to drive superior results this year, as well as for the years ahead. Slide 4 shows our third quarter results, both as reported and with adjustments for special gains and charges, while Slide 5 shows our sales growth detail. Ecolab's consolidated fixed-currency sales for the third quarter increased 16%. Acquisition-adjusted fixed-currency sales rose 5%. Looking at the growth components, volume and mix increased 4%, pricing rose 1%, acquisitions and divestitures were 11%, and currency was a negative 1%. Reported fixed-currency sales for the Global Industrial segment rose 3%. Adjusted for acquisitions, Global Industrial sales also increased 3%. Third quarter reported fixed-currency Global Food & Beverage sales increased 7%. Acquisition-adjusted third quarter fixed-currency sales grew 4%. Growth was led by beverage and brewing, dairy and agri, which more than offset modestly lower sales in the weak protein market. Regionally, we enjoyed strong results in Latin America, with moderate growth led by share gains in other regions that was -- that were partially offset by soft Europe results. Global Food & Beverage continues to benefit from its Total Plant Assurance approach to customers, in which we combine our industry-leading cleaning and sanitizing, water treatment and pest elimination capabilities to deliver improved food safety results, lower operating costs and better product quality assurance for customers. This has enabled us to win key global customers and offset sluggish conditions in several of our regional markets. Looking ahead, we expect accelerated sales growth in the fourth quarter, as we see further benefits from our innovation pipeline, better customer penetration and new business capture. Fixed-currency Global Water sales increased 1% versus last year. Excluding the impact of mining and the de-emphasized businesses, Global Water sales to the heavy and light industry markets were up 4%. Gains were led by growth in Latin America and Asia Pacific, with North America and EMEA showing slight gains, primarily reflecting soft mining markets. We continue to drive market penetration with innovative solutions to optimize water usage using 3D TRASAR platform technologies, new commercial solutions for water recycling and reuse and applications for wastewater. We are focused on corporate account enterprise sales, growth synergies and product innovation to build growth, along with the ongoing work to improve the profitability of our account base. We expect Global Water to show a better sales increase in the fourth quarter, as continued growth in our core heavy and light markets is bolstered by favorable mining results, and these more than offset the ongoing de-emphasis of nonstrategic business. Fixed-currency global sales for Paper increased 3%. We saw double-digit growth in Latin America, strong gains in Asia Pacific and a modest increase in North America, as sales benefited from increased technology penetration and a return to more normal inventory levels. This growth was partially offset by declines in EMEA, resulting from continued low plant utilization. We expect fourth quarter Global Paper sales to show similar growth, led by Latin America and Asia Pacific, reflecting new business and technology penetration. Fixed-currency sales for the Global Institutional segment rose 5%. Fixed-currency sales for the Global Institutional business grew 3% in the third quarter. Institutional's end markets remain soft, with modest growth in global lodging room demand and still challenging foodservice foot traffic across North America and Europe. Looking at regional sales trends, Latin America continued to post strong sales growth, North America enjoyed a good gain, Asia Pacific sales were up slightly, and Europe was modestly lower. Sales initiatives targeting new accounts and effective product and service programs continue to lead our results. To drive future growth and improve on our industry leadership position, we remain focused on executing global sales initiatives, globalizing core competencies and introducing product innovation that delivers increased value with solutions that sustain water and energy and reduce labor costs while also enhancing our customer focus around service intimacy. We're also making further investments in field technology to help drive our service efficiency and have better aligned our local sales team efforts. Longer term, our new Global Institutional structure is helping to accelerate global deployment of our innovation and technology, which we expect will help improve growth by driving better market penetration and new account gains. We look for fourth quarter Global Institutional business sales to show continued good growth as progress in our global sales initiatives and continued aggressive sales efforts help us outperform challenging markets. Third quarter sales for Global Specialty grew a very strong 14% in fixed currencies, benefiting from good fundamental demand and new customer rollouts. Global quick service sales increased double digits, as we enjoyed steady growth from both large and small customers. New accounts, along with increased service coverage and additional solutions for customers to drive operational efficiency and food safety, leveraged generally modest industry trends. Regionally, Asia Pacific sales were led by good quick service foot traffic growth, while North and Latin America recorded solid gains, and Europe saw a modest growth. Food Retail business showed double-digit sales growth in the quarter, driven by customer additions, new products and increased penetration. We look for our fourth quarter Global Specialty sales growth to be in line with its more normal trend, rising in the mid to upper single-digit range, as it delivers another solid performance in 2013. Fixed-currency Global Healthcare sales increased 4%, as growth from account gains and new product introductions were slowed by continued soft U.S. and European healthcare markets. Third quarter sales were led by strong growth from patient and equipment rates, contamination control and improving growth in hand hygiene, which were partially offset by soft instrument reprocessing sales. To grow sales in this challenging environment, we have increased our focus on corporate accounts, built on our sales and service approach and continue to strategically broaden our product lines, leveraging Ecolab's antimicrobial and pathogen expertise. For example, we recently introduced OxyCide, a disinfectant that kills C.diffs in a record 3 minutes. We expect Global Healthcare sales to increase moderately in the fourth quarter, as account gains and new product launches in both North America and Europe more than offset a weak healthcare market in comparison to a stronger quarter last year. Reported fixed-currency Energy segment sales grew 68%. Acquisition-adjusted Global Energy fixed-currency sales rose 9%, as Energy compared to a strong quarter that included the impact of non-annuity dispersant sales mentioned last year. Adjusted for those one-off sales, third quarter 2013 sales would have risen 12%. Our upstream business saw a further double-digit growth in the third quarter, resulting from share gains and our continued focus on higher-growth energy production sources, including deepwater, shale and oil sands. Downstream business sales grew nicely, resulting from a pickup in North America refining and strong market share gains. The integration of the Energy and Champion businesses is going very well. We are on or ahead of plan for our integration targets. Looking ahead, we expect acquisition-adjusted Energy segment sales to continue showing good growth, driven by continued production strength in the deepwater and oil sands businesses and steady growth in the downstream, which should more than offset moderated growth in North America shale and turmoil in the North Africa. We expect fourth quarter acquisition-adjusted sales growth will be in the upper single- to low double-digit range, as Energy goes up against a strong quarter last year, when acquisition-adjusted sales grew a robust 20%. Sales for Other segment declined 3%. When adjusted for our Vehicle Care divestiture, sales rose 6% in the third quarter. Fixed-currency Global Pest sales increased 5% in the third quarter. We enjoyed good growth in food & beverage, health care and restaurants. Regionally, we saw good growth in North America and double-digit growth in Asia Pacific. Europe grew modestly, reflecting the ongoing challenging conditions in that region. We continue to drive market penetration with innovative service offerings and technologies, including the global protect programs Bed Bug Assurance, STEALTH Fly Station, STEALTH Fusion and an expanding solution offering. We expect Global Pest sales to show further good growth in the fourth quarter, led by gains in the Americas and Asia. Sales for Equipment Care showed improved growth in the third quarter, rising 9%. New account sales, better penetration and improved technician productivity drove strong growth in service revenues, while parts sales also showed strong gains. We continue to see good results from chain account relationships, as we drive sales through their regional and franchise organizations. We expect Equipment Care to show further good gains in the fourth quarter, as continued good service trends, improved parts sales and streamlined operations benefit results. Slide 6 of our presentation shows selected income statement items. Third quarter gross margins were 46.0%. Adjusted for acquisitions and special charges, third quarter 2013 gross margins were 46.2%, up 20 basis points versus a year ago. Volume and pricing gains, as well as merger synergies and cost efficiencies, offset the business mix impact of higher Energy sales. SG&A expenses represented 31.5% of third quarter sales. Adjusted for acquisitions, the SG&A ratio improved 120 basis points versus last year. The favorable mix of Energy and Champion, as well as sales gains and cost-savings efforts, including merger synergies, led the improvement. Fixed-currency operating income for Global Industrial increased 10%, with margins up 100 basis points. Pricing, volume gains and cost synergies and efficiencies led the gain. Margins also improved as we focused on more profitable areas of the business. Fixed-currency operating income for Global Institutional increased 14%, with margins up 170 basis points. Pricing, volume gains and cost efficiencies drove the increase. As noted in the press release, we moved the intangible asset amortization specific to the Champion acquisition. This change was made retroactively, resulting in $14 million of amortization expense moving to the Energy segment from the Corporate segment for the second quarter of 2013. A table showing the restated second quarter segment operating profits is shown in the appendix to the teleconference slides. Including this change, reported Global Energy fixed-currency operating income increased 42%. Acquisition-adjusted Global Energy operating income increased 20% in fixed currencies, led by the volume gain, synergies, operating leverage and pricing. Fixed-currency operating income for the Other segment declined 10%. Adjusted for the sale of Vehicle Care, operating income was flat, as improved results from Equipment Care were offset by Pest Elimination field sales investments and nonrecurring costs. Corporate segment and tax rate are discussed in the press release. We repurchased 600,000 shares during the third quarter. The net of this performance is that Ecolab reported third quarter diluted earnings per share of $1 compared with $0.80 reported a year ago. When adjusted for special gains and charges and discrete tax items in both years, adjusted earnings increased 20% to $1.04 when compared with $0.87 earned a year ago. Turning to Slide 7 and looking at Ecolab's balance sheet, total debt to total capital was 51% at September 30, compared with 50% a year ago. Our net debt to total capital is 50%. Looking ahead, and as outlined in Slide 8, we continue to take aggressive actions to drive both our top and bottom lines. We are expanding our market share and customer penetration of major accounts and leveraging our positions in key growth markets in Food, Water, Energy and Healthcare, as we work to offset continued generally soft global conditions and higher delivered product costs. We expect to show good acquisition-adjusted sales growth and margin expansion again in the fourth quarter, driven by innovation, pricing, merger synergies and better operating efficiencies. We expect to deliver on these aggressive goals while building growth for the future. We expect adjusted fourth quarter 2013 diluted earnings per share to increase 13% to 18% to $1.01 to $1.05 range, compared with a very strong period a year ago, when adjusted earnings per share rose 27% to $0.89. We narrowed our outlook for the full year 2013 and now look for adjusted earnings per share in the range of $3.51 to $3.55, representing a very strong 18% to 19% growth. In summary, once again, we delivered on our forecast in the third quarter, with a solid sales gain and substantial margin improvement, while offsetting the weaker economy and investing in our future. We look for further solid acquisition-adjusted sales growth and continued double-digit profit gains in the fourth quarter, as well as for the full year 2013, as we drive to produce yet another strong year and build for our future. That concludes our formal remarks. And now here's Doug Baker with his comments on the quarter.
Douglas M. Baker: Thanks, Mike. I appreciate the attention. I would sum up the position in this way: Our team and business, I believe, are performing quite well. We're on track to deliver another outstanding year, with a forecasted EPS growth of 18% to 19%. And just as importantly, we're building momentum in the back half of this year heading into next year, setting ourselves up for continued strong results in 2014. Turning to the third quarter, we had a very strong quarter. The P&L was solid, top to bottom, so reported sales, plus 15%, 5% adjusting for acquisition and FX. Our read on the underlying performance is that it's a bit stronger than the 5%, more like 6%, as we continue to refine our portfolio, on Water in Europe, in particular, to improve growth going forward. We're driving momentum here. We had our best new business quarter, from a productivity standpoint in Q3, and we're off to a very strong start from a new business standpoint in Q4. Gross margin was solid, with a solid improvement of 50 basis points if you exclude the mix of Champion, that impact. OI was up over 100 basis points if you adjust for Champion, and all of our major initiatives are on track. Renaissance. Europe margin program delivered 290-basis-point improvement in the quarter. We do not expect that much of an improvement going forward. So it was a bit of an anomaly, but it does indicate that we continue to gain traction here. We continue to expect 150 basis points for the year. Nalco growth and cost synergies remain on track. And Champion, while still very early, is also on track and off to a very strong start. But obviously, we have plenty to do in Champion since we're only 6 months into it. Going forward, we certainly have a lot to do, but there's a lot of upside remaining from a top line growth standpoint. There's a lot of business to be gained. There's a lot of margin to be grown as well. So all in all, we feel very good about where we are and about the future, and I'm quite proud of the team's performance all year, including in Q3.
Michael Monahan: Thanks, Doug. Operator, would you please begin the question-and-answer period?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Doug, just on the Institutional business, in terms of acceleration for this business, what are your thoughts on this business picking up steam heading into 2014? What do you need to see here?
Douglas M. Baker: Institutional, I would say, is a little bit masked by Europe. And there's a lot going on in the European Institutional business. I would say underlying metrics there are improving. If you take that out, we really have had very strong performance in Institutional. U.S. reported, I think, a 6% growth in Q3. I would say it's more like a 5% and -- a day adjusted, if you take it down, but continued solid performance. If you take Europe out, they have improved from 4% to 5% -- or 3% to 4% to 5% in the last 3 quarters. And so they continue to strengthen quite a bit in their underlying performance. They've had very solid new business productivity. Europe, we expect, will start lapping and improving from a sales growth standpoint. It has been improving fairly dramatically from an OI standpoint, where we expect to see both top and bottom line improvement next year, which again, will quit masking, I think, the overall good performance that you see in Institutional in the balance of the world.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And just on Paper, how is Paper profitability in the quarter and looking ahead into Q4?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, Paper continues to be quite strong. I mean, Paper was up 3% on the top line, and it was up, OI, over 35%. So they're doing exactly what we wanted them to do, they're doing a good job.
Operator: And our next question comes from Nate Brochmann with William Blair.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I wanted to tackle a similar question, just shifting over to the general Industrial segment. Doug, you kind of hit on the Water business a little bit, and I know that those trends kind of are in line with the sluggish kind of global growth you have been seeing and trending pretty much similar to the previous quarters. But what do we need to see there kind of getting going? I thought kind of coming out of last quarter, we maybe felt a little bit more of a positive vibe in some of those end markets, and I kind of feel like we're coming down to maybe things still being a little bit weak and doing what we can. Was wondering if you could go through that a little bit and see where we could see some of acceleration there.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I would say there's a couple of components, obviously, in the Industrial segment, but the 2 large ones are WPS, Water, Paper business, and also our Food & Beverage business. So we just talk Paper. Paper has been sequentially stronger from a top line standpoint. And a lot of what's happening is we're starting to lap, if you will, the contract deletions and renegotiations that we went through starting last year in Q3. But what you see is now strengthening top line and continued very strong performance on the bottom line. I think we expect to see modest growth continue in Paper and still strong OI performance moving forward. On Water, if you get -- again, if we walk through and look at our core business and take out Mining for a minute and also the de-emphasized business, we're in very much the same range. That moved up from a very low level in first quarter, to 4% to 5% range in the second quarter, and that's exactly where we remained in the third quarter, and frankly, expect to be in the fourth quarter. We believe that business will continue to improve, as we continue to concentrate on driving the business that's most important to us long term. So the business has increased resources, in particularly the light part of that business, it's going to take a little time for that to manifest itself into sales growth, but we like what that team's doing, and we've got high expectations and expect the Water business to continue to improve going forward. But right now, we would call the 4% to 5% range on the bulk and the important part of the business for our future. And then F&B, F&B has been, I think, a very good story. They've been improving throughout the year. They've been doing a great job in securing new business. That business has got very good top line momentum, and it's a business where you can count on top line ultimately accruing to good bottom line momentum. So we're pretty comfortable with what's going on in the F&B business as well. So I think that sector will take care of itself as we move forward. So we like the fundamentals, and we like the stuff underneath, which is important, the leading indicators, i.e., new business productivity, et cetera, which indicates that we continue to plan on increasing momentum.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mike Ritzenthaler with Piper Jaffray.
Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Just trying to drill into the Energy results a little bit more. On gross margins, I think the mix was a bit unfavorable, but that mix component did not necessarily filter into OI. I was wondering if you could elaborate a bit more about the relative importance of pricing and volume versus synergies as that mix drops to the OI line.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I would say a couple of things on Energy. One, when we go through and look at the overlying business, we would say it's growing much more to 12% rate, is our estimated rate. And if you want the parts -- and then I'll get into some of the other, because I think it's important just to lay this out. Our oilchem business is growing around 11%; our OFC business, on a consolidated, was growing around 13%; and our downstream business was growing at 7% in the third quarter. And all those numbers, we think, are very much in line with what we expect everything else. Now they were masked, in part, by the Gulf -- the Deepwater Gulf business went offline faster than we had predicted. This is a result of the DOJ ruling, if you will. So it happened a quarter earlier than we anticipated. Not a big deal in the enterprise history, but it does have impacts on the quarter. And then we have a onetime business that comes and goes, which is dispersants and also gas plant products. And those products were much lower this quarter versus last year same quarter. That will come back, and it's episodic. Gross margin, frankly, was quite strong in this business. The underlying base gross margin, if you take out synergies and the impact of some other things, was up over 1 point. So our gross profit in this business, we think, feels pretty good, and the team's doing a good job there. Our OI was obviously fairly strong, particularly when you adjust, if you will, last year for Champion, we own it, and the depreciation that you have to put on the business. And so our OI, overall, was up 1.5 points, 150 basis points. And so we think we like this business, we think it's doing quite well, and we think, when you look underneath, the performance is quite solid in the third quarter.
Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. Yes, that frames it up nicely. Switching to Specialty. It sounds like from the prepared comments that we're starting to -- it almost sounds like we're starting to see an early peek at the synergies between Food & Beverage and Specialty that you outlined on the Analyst Day versus new customer wins. Clearly, both are important, but is that -- are we starting to see some of those synergies, and is that a fair characterization, and does that give you more confidence in that strategy?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, a lot of what's happened -- I would say a couple of things are showing up in the Specialty number. One, continued very strong success in new business acquisition, and that's been a driver. So big businesses in that segment are our QSR business, our Food Retail business and Pest business are the largest. And then you also have GCS. I would say Pest and GCS continue to improve, particularly in the top line. And absolutely, that's the result of enterprise selling. And they're also benefiting, if you will, from our approach, both with Water and F&B together. We're bringing a lot of Pest business in, as we talked about in our Investor Day. So certainly, that's having an impact there. And I guess I would just say -- you brought up enterprise selling. Yes, I would say since the Investor Day, September, we've continued to have very good success there, we've continued to have a couple of other very major wins, and so we continue to feel quite bullish about that strategy and its ability to continue to impact our top line positively.
Operator: And our next question comes from John McNulty with Crdit Suisse.
John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a quick question on -- with regard to your Cleaning & Sanitizing business in general, have you seen any change in approach from any of your competitors in any kind of geographies at all?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, John, I would say it's more the same, more like past practice, than I would say, highly different. But certainly over the history, there's different tactics in different geographies, but I wouldn't say that there's a clear new pattern taking hold. I would say that the typical approach remains, selling price and trying to price underneath us. I'd say most important is this metric, we look at, in particular, the Corporate account arena, wins, losses versus all key competitors in every one of our businesses: Institutional, F&B, Water, Paper, Energy. And in no instance are we losing more than we're taking, i.e., we're taking share in every case against every major competitor that we monitor against. And so I guess we want to continue to focus, be aggressive, go after new business, leverage our new innovation, leverage our strength in the field. We think we've got key competitive advantage, and we want to make sure it translates into top line success. So far, so good.
John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Great. And then just as a follow-up, I know when -- I believe when you made the Champion acquisition, you had targeted to -- in a relatively short form, to get your share count back to kind of pre-acquisition levels. Is that something we can expect by, say, the end of '14? Or how should we be thinking about share repurchases going forward?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. We won't -- we announced after -- shortly after the Nalco announcement that we would do a $1 billion buyback, and we -- basically, we asserted that we plan to complete that by year end, which we're mostly there, but have a little to do in the fourth quarter. But by and far -- by and large, we're done. That was the share buyback commitment. I think what we have said is our use of cash going forward for the near term is going to be a little different in that we're going to have some debt payment, which normally is in our cash use, and it will probably slow down share repurchase, but we still expect share repurchase to offset dilution in '14 and '15, at minimum.
Operator: And our next question comes from John Quealy from Canaccord Genuity.
John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: First, more broadly, a very respectable organic growth number at 5%, yet guidance gets tweaked a little bit from the bottom end of EPS guidance rather than expanding the top. Can you comment, just the puts and takes on why you decided to do that?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I mean, the short answer is it best reflects what we believe we will deliver in the fourth quarter, and we work very hard to guide to what we actually think we're going to go do. So then you ask why more from the bottom than the top? I would say it's good news. I think what's happening is we're firming up, and obviously, we've moved the mean up considerably versus our original guidance by moving the bottom up 3, and I think, taking the top down 1. So I think it's just confidence that we are going to deliver where we expected to deliver. So top line, I would say we continue to do well. I think we've seen a number of things from EPS come through. We made some decisions in the third quarter, which we liked, which we're, frankly, taking some risks off the table. We didn't know we'd be taking these risks off the table in Q3. It's smart long term, but we start reflecting the fact that we've already done this in our forecast because we really didn't know if they're going to happen in Q3, Q4, Q1 or Q2 previously. So it's all those things. So I think that's the best estimate we have right now of where we're going to deliver, and we're into the quarter and feel pretty good.
John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Okay. And then just quickly, an unrelated follow-up, if I could. You talked at the Analyst Day about moving 3D TRASAR into the clean-in-place market with Food & Beverage. Can you just comment on, under the Water line, how that progress is going and if we should see some tangible market impacts in the '14 or '15 timeframe?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, we remain in -- we would call that in test phase right now. It's going quite well. We're learning a lot. We have a lot of customer interest. The launch plan is next year, so we'll have some impact on '14. But typically, our launches really -- the volume really develops in year 2 and 3 of launches, not necessarily in year 1. So I would expect more of the outsize impact in '15 and '16 versus '14.
Operator: And our next question comes from Gary Bisbee with RBC Capital Markets.
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So I guess 2 questions. The first one, just when we plug in the aggregate Nalco and Champion cost savings into our models, it would seem to indicate potential for another year in 2014 well above the 15% long-term EPS growth target. What factors should we be thinking about at this point that could be counterbalancing negatives or things that might be slowing the growth a little bit? For instance, this year, you had quite a bit bigger year-over-year pension contribution. Is that something -- pension expense. Is that something that could happen next year and other than just the macroeconomic stuff, which we all understand? Any other factors we might think about at this point?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Well, we're in the middle of planning, so -- I mean, we've got our scoreboard, and it's not unusual every year. It's -- the other factors that are somewhat out of control that could impact anybody's ability to deliver, including ours, FX and what are people's view, raw materials, though we don't believe that's in place now, but that always seems to show itself late. And then just we're going to continue to invest in our infrastructure and make sure we're doing the smart things during this time period. But we did that this year, and we plan to continue doing that in the next few years, but it's going to be important that we get that right to expect to be, ultimately, a $20 billion business and larger. And we want to make sure we've got the right systems in place to manage at that level. So I would say it's those factors. You've got the underlying business, you're right, we still have synergies positively impacting the business, not only this year but next year, and we'll continue to manage this business wisely. We're doing what we need to do to assure that the business has got the right momentum, and that's the smartest thing that we can do right now, drive top line and do the things underneath that we know drive value long term.
Gary E. Bisbee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then just a follow-up, can you give us a sense how in Europe or the EMEA region has done, overall, on a revenue basis? I guess, with the new segment reporting, you're not specifically putting in your PowerPoint the different regions. But is the 2% volume growth needed to allow that margin to flow through the next couple years still the case? Have you done that year to date? And how are you thinking about that trending?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, this year, I would say a couple things. So when we break Europe out and split it from Middle East/Africa, Europe this year is bouncing around negative 1%, 1.5% for the year, I believe, is about what the top line's going to be, is our guess. So it's been about what it is so far this year. It's gotten a little better. First quarter is our worst quarter. I would say we are comfortable with what's happening in Europe right now. But obviously, we can't sustain negative 1%, 1.5% sales growth long term and continue to expand margins. It just doesn't work. So certainly, going forward, that needs to move to the positive side. As I've always said, we don't need magical growth in Europe to drive margin, we just can't have negative growth. So this year, even with the sales forecast I talked about, part because we're managing some of this, we do expect to see 150-basis-points improvement. We've talked going forward to expect 100 basis points per year. We still think that's the right expectation to have. But certainly, it's predicated on our confidence that we're going to flip that from negative to positive next year, albeit fairly modest growth next year.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: What Energy end markets would you expect to generate the most growth for you over the next 2 or 3 years? I'm thinking among, say, the oil sands, shale gas, deepwater exploration, those sorts of markets.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, unconventional oil, broadly, but certainly, deepwater, which has been a focus area for that business for a number of years, and still have a number of large platforms installations coming onboard. But other unconventional is actually a positive, too. By and large, we make more money per BTU in oil than we do in gas. The gas is additive, and so certainly, the gas exploration, the frac-ing, the water treatment requirements, all that is on top of what we think is strong fundamental characteristics coming from the unconventional oil.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And then as an unrelated follow-up, can you go into some of the details on the sales realignment in the Institutional business?
Douglas M. Baker: The sales realignment is -- I don't know, I would call this evolutionary, not revolutionary. And a lot of what's been going on in North America is just making sure we continue to have the right focus on the opportunities that we have to consolidate some sales management positions so that we can add more sales positions, right? This goes back and forth and ebbs and flows over time, so I wouldn't -- I don't think this is necessarily a headline. Let's call it continual refinement. We get a little fat in that area, we try to be sure that we understand it, and we want to make sure that we've got enough feet on the street to get after the opportunities. The North American business has been steadily improving, they have momentum, and they've got a number of opportunities they've identified that we want to get after.
Operator: And our next question comes from Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Just wanted to follow up on a couple of questions, if I may. You talked about the Paper, operating income in the Paper division being up, I think, 35% and about 3% growth in volumes or growth in sales. So is that a function of the restructuring actions you've taken? Or is that lower raw material costs? Or what's driving such a strong leverage from a 3% volume growth?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I would say it's several things. I mean, fundamental, the Paper business, for a number of years, and we're continuing to invest. It has done a great job creating innovation that matters to its customers. This innovation commands better margins. I think our focus in Paper has been drive and leverage the most advantaged innovation, make sure you get favorable mix, get the pricing you need to sustain this business long term and be smart. And if you end up in contracts with customers that creates an unsustainable economic environment, don't worry about the optics of top line, do the right thing from a business standpoint. So all those things have driven, if you will, this leverage that we've created, 3% and 35%-plus over time. And obviously, you're not going to get, see a 3% and 35% for 5 years running. I mean, sooner or later, you'll run into your base, and you end up continuing to improve OI, but not at a 35-plus percent clip. But that business, I think, and that team has done a very good job managing in a very difficult environment, and they will continue to do it.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: That's helpful. And then if you can just talk about a couple of things. First of all, the, sort of the difference in performance of Pest Elimination in North America versus your international businesses, and then just a general comment on sort of the mining trends that you're seeing that impacted your Industrial business in the quarter. Is that getting any better or worse in any particular region and sort of what's your outlook as -- for 2014?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Well, I'll do mining first. I mean, mining started off like 7% down in the first quarter. And then second and third quarter has been relatively flat, plus/minus 1 point or 2. We expect it to improve starting in the fourth quarter going forward. But obviously, mining as an industry isn't in full recovery yet. It's just getting -- we just think we found the bottom, and we'll start building back from here. That team, through this whole cycle, has done exactly what teams need to do when you have downturns, they have been on major share acquisition, and they have done a very good job securing new business. So as that business recovers, we expect to see outsize growth as a result of their work. So I think the mining team has managed the situation exactly as we would have them do. So Pest, the Pest business, I would say North America and global are about the same numbers. The real difference in the Pest business, they're growing about 6% in North America. That's a steady improvement over the last few years. You recall 4 or 5 years ago, we were stuck in the 1% to 2% range. And so we've gotten a breakout, for several years now, we're in the mid-single digits. Our expectation for that business remains the same, we expect that business to be a double-digit growth business. We believe they're building the programs, driving the training, doing all the things that we know create that situation. So that's the focus on that team right now. We expect the business to continue to strengthen from a top line, and ultimately, the bottom line follows.
Operator: And our next question comes from Edward Yang with Oppenheimer.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Maybe, Doug, a clarification on the European Renaissance. That seems to be going well. But a 290-basis-points year-over-year margin improvement in 3Q, that was better than the 160 basis points last quarter, but you expect that to moderate for the rest of the year. So what drove the upside in the third quarter?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, some of it is just our base in OI year-on-year and where some charges fall. So I think the second half is going to be right on top of the 150 basis points. Fourth quarter's probably going to be fairly even on margin. It's simply just how the chips fell this year versus last, and we don't look at it, there's no real drama to the story. We feel very good about the underlying performance of that business. We have changed the economic equation in Europe. It's better.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just a follow-up on Global Specialty, strong growth this quarter, up 14%, you expect that -- I think Mike mentioned up high single digits in the fourth quarter. And it's been kind of alternating between mid-teens and high single digits. And what accounts for the lumpiness there? Is it just -- I mean, you mentioned new customer wins, but are the size of the customers so significant relative to the overall size of the business that accounts for that lumpiness?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, our -- the 2 businesses that are -- the 2 markets that we serve that are really comprised of giants would be our Specialty business, our QSR and FRS business and our Energy business. And so yes, they're big customers. They have outsized impact. So the lumpiness comes when you start comparing against a prior year rollout, where you have to basically move in, put your product in the channel. You've got outsized sales in a given quarter for a given customer as you prepare for a rollout. When you start lapping against that, you start moving from teens to single digits. But what we really look at is consumption, what's going on in the business. All in all, that business is doing very well, remains very healthy, but their growth is going to be predicated on their continued success acquiring new business, plain and simple. And they got a great team to do it, and we're confident they will continue to do it, but that's what's going to determine future success.
Operator: And our next question comes from John Roberts with -- from UBS.
John Roberts - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: As you begin your planning here for 2014, how are you thinking about acquisition activity? So in 6 months, we'll kind of roll off. We won't have these acquisition/divestment adjustment changes. Are we going to go back to a bunch of -- a series of bolt-ons across the company? You used to have a nice steady stream of bolt-on type acquisitions across the Global Institutional segment, and that sort of paused. I don't know if we're going to go back. And now with a bigger portfolio, there are a lot more things to -- of small size that can bolt on a lot more places now.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, John, I would say, yes, back to our historical pattern of a number of smaller bolt-on acquisitions is what you should expect to see, small being anywhere from, I don't know, make it up, $30 million to a couple hundred million dollars. And we have a, I think, rich list of opportunities. We have a number, as you might expect, ready to go, can't even keep track of where they all are in announcement cycle, quite candidly. We've already announced several this year, and we will expect to continue to announce those going forward. So do not expect any outsized deals from us in the next several years. One, we don't see anything on the horizon that we think makes a lot of sense for our company. And two, we want to take this time, as I mentioned earlier, to get our systems right, to do all the other things that we know need to be done to get to the next level of margin enhancement. And so that's going to be the work that we're going to be doing.
John Roberts - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: We should expect that M&A line then on Slide 5 to maybe be like a 2%, 3% kind of number on a more continuing basis?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, it's probably back to our old back-of-the-napkin 6% to 8% organic, 2 to 3 extra points from acquisition, and 50 to 75 basis points of margin expansion. So that, yes, we'll be back to that formula.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mike Harrison with First Analysis.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: A question on the F&B business. Mexico is one of the largest per capita consumers of soda. There is a proposal to tax soda consumption there. How much of an impact do you think that could have on the FEMSA business that you recently purchased?
Douglas M. Baker: I don't have a great answer for you. I mean, from a -- I would say you're right, that could negatively impact us in the Beverage business in Mexico. I would say that would be, in total, a relatively small impact, corporate-wide or even F&B-wide. But you're right, it's not one that we're tracking, but I will take the time to go look at it.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: Not keeping you up at night then. At your Analyst Day, you had some new floor care products that you were showcasing. As you think about trying to unseat a competitor that has a very strong floor care position, can you talk about whether you're seeing traction with some of the bigger customers with those new products? And then if you do take the floor care business, how likely is it that you win other Cleaning & Sanitizing business as well?
Douglas M. Baker: I'd say in floor care, it'd be like trying to unseat anybody in any industry, you're going to need a significant innovation to take a person in a lead position out. It can't be 5% better, it needs to be dramatically better. I think we have some innovation in that camp. We're somewhat liberated in this area simply because we don't have an entrenched position. So we can innovate in a way that can also be harmful to the category, which is always difficult for companies to do when they have a leadership position. We're not in that position in floor care. So does other business come with it? Yes, but it's not guaranteed, simply because we have many instances where I would say we have the rest of the business and not the floor care business. So I think those businesses typically have to be earned separately, and that's our assumption going in.
Operator: And our next question comes from Shlomo Rosenbaum from Stifel.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just have some kind of technical questions. Just in terms of getting back to Europe and the improvement to 290 basis points, can you talk a little bit more on specifics? Were there some particular cost takeout that you guys had done that were in the progression that you were working towards last quarter that hit all of a sudden this quarter? Can you just give us a little bit more detail?
Douglas M. Baker: No, they'd be in the run rate. I would say that's -- the benefits are coming both in the gross profit line and the SG&A line. The gross profit and SG&A benefits are fairly steady. They increase over time as we continue to reduce the number of people it takes to operate the business and become more efficient. You get lumpiness in an OI line for other reasons. This is a classic -- I just don't want to overcommit and get everybody excited that this 290 is some new magical run rate. It's not. I have other numbers that I'd say look a little worse than they are. I think our 5 is more like a 6 on the sales line. And I would tell you I think this 290 is more in line with our 150 on a going line. It's just favorable for a number of base reasons and onetime reasons. Not bad news anywhere, it just it happens to be how these things fall. The quarters are 13-week periods. So funny things happen, they're not that big, and so you can get some outsize response as a result. For the half, think 150. And I think that run rate for the year, that's really what this business is doing right now, it's good, and we expect to continue that trend, at least at the 100-basis-point level next year.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair. And then just a little bit more detail in Paper. The last couple quarters, you had -- it looks like you're starting to get a decent growth trajectory started over there over last year, it had been kind of bouncing around, some of the quarters were negative. Is it really that you're lapping on the comps, where you had to get out of some of those bad contracts or is there something more specific to that? Did you -- you talked a little bit about innovation. Can you talk just a little bit about the specific points that are driving growth over the last 2 quarters?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Well, certainly, I'd say all those things came to bear. But if you wanted to boil it down to 3 points, it would be, yes, the base got easier; yes, some start-ups came online, particularly in China, that had been postponed but finally came online, so there is net new business in there as well, i.e., more plants consuming; and certainly, innovation continues to play a role, but its role is larger on the gross profit line than it is necessarily on the top line.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: What do you mean by that?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, innovation is one of the ways we've been driving favorable mix, and so its outsize impact is it could be neutral if we flip one technology off for another, on the top line, but it drives a much more favorable gross profit. Your GP in that business is up several hundred basis points.
Operator: And our next question comes from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
Eric Petrie: This is Eric Petrie in for P.J. Just a question on your Energy margins. Could you provide a little color going into fourth quarter and 2014, and now, considering that you've moved amortization expense to Global Energy from Corporate?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Well, I guess I mentioned earlier, first of all, on the amortization, our practice is when a business buys another business, the amortization that came with the business that was bought goes into that segment. We -- frankly, we just made a mistake putting it in Corporate in the second quarter. That's not our normal policy. And we want more transparency for all of our investors. And frankly, the depreciation and amortization of that deal belongs in the Energy segment. Otherwise, I show you an unrealistically favorable view, right, you get all the synergies, but you don't have any of cost of the deal. It's not a smart way to look at a business. So this is our past practice. So we just righted a wrong. We made a mistake, and we fixed it early. In terms of the margin expectations, I think if you get down to the fundamentals, and we've talked about $150 million of synergy expectation, on top of continued strong top line growth, we would have good margin improvement if we had 0 synergies, plain and simple. Simply as volume overwhelms inflation and normal growth costs, you are going to see margin expansion on OI just as a consequence of double-digit growth. When you add on the $150 million, I think that's what you're seeing here. And when we talk about, we think, a fair year-on-year comparison is a 12.2% margin last year, when we -- last year, with both Champion and the D&A. And this year, we're at 13.7%. So it's 150 basis points. We don't think that's going to be unusual performance, while we're realizing these synergies over the next couple years. So my expectation next year is the same kind of top line and margin performance that we'd come to expect.
Eric Petrie: Okay. And then just housecleaning. Is the $14 million kind of similar to what it was last quarter and on a go-forward basis? And then second, your Energy operating income has been running at 2x top line. How sustainable is that?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, that -- what you should expect for depreciation going forward is $19 million a quarter. It was $14 million in Q2 because it was a partial quarter, because we didn't close on the business at the beginning of the quarter. So $19 million -- I think it's $18.9 million if you want to get really precise -- is the amortization rate by quarter going forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Going back to Europe, Doug, are the improvements and the growth on the top line mainly -- solely because of your own doing or are you beginning to see some change in the markets you are serving? And can you give us a feel for what is happening in the underlying markets there?
Michael Monahan: Rosemarie, you broke up in the early part of that question. Was that regarding Europe?
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Yes, yes, the -- what is happening in the market versus what you are doing in terms of helping yourself.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I would say in Europe 2 things. We typically -- when downturns come, we go down late. And when upturns occur, we go up late. We aren't the early guy in these cycles, typically -- just for a reminder, because we always have to remind ourselves. And I would say, so that's one. So the markets feel like they've been stabilizing. I hear a lot of conversation with both customers and other people I know running businesses in Europe who talk about an improving environment. It would -- it is very typical for us to hear this conversation before we feel it, number one. We have not -- we did not feel it yet in Q3. With that said, why is our business down? Some areas we are focusing on, the areas that we believe are the highest priority, we see better traction there than in other areas. Certainly, Equipment businesses, we have seen more negative impact as a result of the downturn in Europe than we have seen in our annuity-related businesses as we go forward. That's not to be -- that's not unexpected. It's what we've seen in the past. But I'd characterize Europe -- I think the best case you can make is we would deserve like a flat to 1% growth, so it's not dramatically different than what we're seeing. What really is happening and needs to happen is we are shifting our focus to top line now. We are increasing the number of Corporate account people. We are increasing the efforts to get after the large customers there. It is early days, but starting to bear fruit because this pipeline has been worked on for months now. And so our expectation is that our efforts are going to start increasing and that we will start seeing better results in the top line going forward, and we need to.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: And does top line growth -- can the margin improvement of 100 basis points annually increase because of the top line and all of the steps you have taken?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I think top line just works to better leverage the reduction in fixed expense that we've created in Europe. So certainly, yes, I would expect a good piece of fall through, which is what we see in the rest of the world when we have volume. Unfortunately, in Europe, we had created just too high of a fixed overhead scenario, where volume didn't translate into much leverage, can't tune up.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then lastly, if I may, could you give us a little more detail as to what you are doing in terms of what you refer to as field technology investments? What are you giving your guys, so they become more efficient than they already are with their tablets and everything you already have in place?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, we're doing a whole host of things. I mean, one, we're pushing on what I would call lower-cost, higher-performance field technology products, i.e., we could buy iPads at list and be better off than amortizing laptops over a 3-year period. So one, we're changing out the technology which requires us to change how we basically manage the technology, i.e., cloud versus in-unit. So we're doing a host of things. I would say, simultaneously, we're rolling out in Institutional what we call our Global 360 program, which we plan to globalize over the next 18 months. That will be a big benefit for us as we start seeing the benefits that we've realized in the U.S. over the years and the other geographies as well. We have enhanced technology that we're rolling out in WPS, enhanced technology in Pest, enhanced technology in Food & Beverage. So all of those have similar stories in terms of making it easier for our people to gather the information they need, for us to collate the information, for them to place orders, track shipments, do all that stuff, which, frankly, takes too long today.
Operator: And our final question comes from Andrew Wittmann from Baird.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: This actually builds a little bit on Rosemarie's question. Doug, in the next, what, 3 years, you've got a commitment for another $163 million of pretax cost savings, and that's all pretty visible because you've kind of scoped that out. But I'm starting to hear you talk more about the $20 billion company and the preparation to have the systems in place to get at that. Can you give us a texture as to what those out-year investments in the systems can do for your margins after you get these kind of discrete programs out of the way? What's your view in terms of what the margins look like in that timeframe?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, Andrew, I'm not ready to give a forecast for 2014, but I'll be liberated and give you one for 2018. Here's what I would say, I think we feel -- one, these investments, many of these are thinking about how we're investing today and repurposing the investment to make sure that we get even more leverage out of it. So I'm not trying to signal some kind of monster ramp-up in spending by any means. What we're really going to do is start channeling the spending. We have a different scale today than we have in the past, and so certainly, what we're going to be able to do is get much more leverage out of the spend that we make in terms of infrastructure. So this is the advantage of the size we are today. So you don't need to start penciling in monsterly different capital expenditures or anything else. We think the numbers we've given in the past are going to be the best indicator of what we're going to do going forward. In terms of benefit, when I was asked earlier about what to expect in terms of acquisitions, do we expect bolt-ons and sort of the traditional Ecolab model, and I said yes, it also referred to the back-of-the-napkin equation that we've had for a long time, which is a 6% to 8% organic, plus 2 to 3 additional growth points from M&A and 50 to 75 basis points a year and just underlying performance improvement in terms of OI and NI, ultimately, margin improvement. That really comes from leveraging these innovations and everything else. So it's not in addition to that, it's how we deliver that. And I think what we're doing is saying, "Yes, we got a runway. We see a lot of this stuff, and we're also starting now to make sure that we've got and continue the virtuous cycle beyond the synergy period and continue to perform at the level that we expect from ourselves, and frankly, our investors expect from us," which is we have a 15% EPS target. As we've told you, we don't manage to cap it at 15%, as this year would indicate. And when we have outsize earnings potential because of synergies and other things, we won't be afraid to have that accrue to the benefit of our investors. At the same time, we know we got to make sure we're doing the right things to prepare when synergies aren't there to give us the extra lift. So that's how we're thinking about it.
Operator: I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Monahan for closing remarks.
Michael Monahan: That wraps up our third quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated slides will be available for replay in our website. Thanks for your time and participation today, and our best wishes for the rest of the day to you.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-30 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Monahan - Senior Vice President of External Relations Douglas M. Baker - Chairman of The Board, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Safety, Health & Environment Committee
Analysts: Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Jeffrey Schnell - Jefferies LLC, Research Division John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Angel Castillo Malpica - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Eric Petrie Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the Ecolab Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Michael Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Monahan: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's Second Quarter Conference Call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO. A copy of our earnings release and the accompanying slides referenced in this teleconference are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements on Slide 2, stating that this teleconference and the slides, including estimates of future performance, these are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Form 10-K under Item 1A, Risk Factors, in our second quarter earnings release and on Slide 2. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with an overview on Slide 3, we delivered very strong earnings results in the second quarter, $0.01 above our forecasted range despite continuing economic headwinds. We leveraged improved sales volume growth, pricing and our synergy and cost efficiency work, as well as better-than-expected performance by our recent Champion acquisition and a lower tax rate to produce yet another double-digit increase in our adjusted earnings per share. Looking ahead, we expect to continue to outperform our markets and show double-digit earnings gains again in the third quarter and the full year, as good sales growth, appropriate pricing, innovation, synergies and margin leverage, as well as acquisitions, more than offset investments in the business. Moving to some highlights from the second quarter, and as discussed in our press release, reported second quarter earnings per share were $0.69. On an adjusted basis, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items from both years, second quarter 2013 earnings per share increased an outstanding 19% to $0.86. The adjusted earnings per share growth was driven by volume and pricing gains, new products and new accounts, synergies, cost savings actions and the Champion acquisition. We enjoyed double-digit acquisition adjusted gains in our Global Energy segment and strong growth in our Global Specialty business. These and other gains were leveraged by good margin expansion. Our newly-acquired Champion business also showed strong growth, and its outperformance versus our expectations led to EPS exceeding our forecast in the second quarter. We continue to be aggressive, focusing on top line growth. We are emphasizing our innovative product and service strengths, as well as our range of solutions to help customers get better results at lower costs, and through these, drive new account acquisition across all of our customer segments. We also continue to implement appropriate price increases to help offset higher costs and investments in our business. We remain focused on expanding our margins, emphasizing productivity and efficiency improvements to help increase profitability, as well as drive merger synergies. We also continue to make investments in key growth businesses to sustain our technology and sales and service leadership. We remain on target for our Nalco cost and growth synergy targets, and the Champion integration is underway and going well. Looking ahead, while economic trends present ongoing challenges, we continue to look for the third quarter to show further attractive sales gains and strong margin improvement. Third quarter adjusted EPS is expected to increase 15% to 21% to the $1 to $1.05 range and compare against adjusted EPS of $0.87, as business growth and the benefits from synergies and cost reductions more than offset soft economies and business investments. We raised our earnings forecast for the full year 2013 and now expect them to be in a $3.48 to $3.56 range, representing 17% to 19% growth. In summary, we expect the third quarter to show another strong double-digit earnings growth performance by Ecolab, as we also make key investments to drive superior results in this year, as well as for the years ahead. Slide 4 shows our second quarter results, both as reported and with adjustments for special gains and charges, while Slide 5 shows sales growth detail. Ecolab's consolidated fixed currency sales for the second quarter increased 14%. Acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales rose 6%. Looking at the growth components, volume and mix increased 4%, pricing rose 1%, acquisitions and divestitures were 8%, and currency was a negative 1%, rounding accounts for the difference in the total. Reported fixed currency sales for the Global Industrial segment rose 4%. Adjusted for acquisitions, Global Industrial sales increased 3%. Reported fixed currency Global Food & Beverage sales increased 6%. Acquisition adjusted second quarter fixed currency sales grew 3%. Growth was led by beverage and brewing, dairy, food and agri, which more than offset modestly lower sales in the weak protein market. Regionally, we enjoyed strong results in Latin America, with moderate growth led by share gains in the other regions. Global Food & Beverage continues to benefit from its Total Plant Assurance approach to customers, in which we combine our industry-leading Cleaning & Sanitizing, Water Treatment and Pest Elimination capabilities to deliver improved food safety results, lower operating costs and better product quality assurance for customers. This has enabled us to win key global customers and offset sluggish conditions in some of our regional markets. Looking ahead, we expect steady sales growth in the third quarter, and for the balance of the year, as we see further benefits from our innovation pipeline, better customer penetration and new business development. Fixed currency Global Water sales increased 3% versus last year. Excluding the impact of mining and the de-emphasized businesses, Global Water sales to the heavy and light industry markets were up 5%. Gains were led by Asia Pacific and Latin America, with moderate growth in North America and slightly lower sales in EMEA. We continue to drive market penetration, with innovative solutions to optimize water usage using 3D TRASAR platform technologies, new commercial solutions for water recycling and reuse and applications for wastewater. We are focused on corporate account management, growth synergies, business capture, product innovation and continued market share gains to build growth, along with the ongoing work to improve the profitability of our account base. We expect Global Water sales to show a moderate sales increase in the third quarter, as continued growth in our core heavy and light markets is partially offset by unfavorable mining industry trends and our ongoing de-emphasis of nonstrategic business. Fixed currency global sales for Paper increased 2%. Strong growth in Asia Pacific and solid gains in Latin America benefited from increased technology penetration and a return to more normal inventory levels. This growth was partially offset by a modest sales gain in EMEA, a modest decline in North America, resulting from continued low plant utilization. We expect third quarter Global Paper sales to rise moderately, led by Latin America and Asia Pacific, reflecting new business and technology penetration. Fixed currency sales for the Global Institutional segment rose 3%. Fixed currency sales for the Global Institutional business rose -- 2% in the second quarter. Institutional's end markets continue to show mixed results, with modest growth in global lodging room demand and still challenging food service foot traffic across North America and Europe. Looking at regional sales trends, North America and Asia Pacific sales increased modestly, Europe declined modestly and Latin America continued to post strong sales growth. Sales initiatives targeting new accounts in effective product and service programs continue to lead our results. To drive our future growth and improve on our industry leadership, we remain focused on executing global sales initiatives and on new products that deliver increased value and reduce labor, water and energy costs for customers in our restaurant, hospitality and long-term care markets. Reflecting that innovation focus, we launched a new antimicrobial fruit and vegetable treatment in the second quarter, and it has been well received in the marketplace. We also continue to increase our customer focus and service intimacy on a global basis through sales force investments and talent development and in standardizing our global service protocols. We are also making further investments in field technology to help drive service efficiency and have better aligned our sales team efforts. Longer term, our new Global Institutional structure will accelerate global deployment of our innovation and technology, which we expect will help improve growth by driving better market penetration and new account gains. We look for third quarter Global Institutional business sales to improve as the global sales initiatives progress, and continue aggressive efforts to outperform challenging markets, yield improving growth in the third quarter and over the balance of the year. Second quarter sales for Global Specialty, which is comprised of KAY's global quick service, food retail and related businesses, grew 9% in fixed currencies. Global quick service sales increased mid-single digits, as we enjoyed steady growth from both large and small customers. New accounts, along with increased solutions for customers to drive operational efficiency and food safety, leveraged generally modest industry trends. Regionally, Asia Pacific sales benefited from good quick service foot traffic growth, while the U.S. and Latin America recorded solid gains, and Europe saw modest growth. The food retail business showed double-digit sales growth in the quarter, benefiting from customer additions, new products and increased penetration. We look for similar good sales growth in the third quarter, as Global Specialty works to deliver another solid performance in 2013. Fixed currency Global Healthcare sales decreased 1%, as soft U.S. and European healthcare markets continue to impact results. Good growth in temperature management was offset by lower instrument reprocessing product sales and the impact of exiting low-margin business. As part of our focus on account profitability, we also eliminated certain less profitable distributor programs, which resulted in shifting some distributor sales to later quarters. In total, these actions to improve long-term profitability hurt second quarter sales growth by about 3 percentage points. To grow sales in this challenging environment, we have increased our focus on corporate accounts, raised our already-strong service levels and continue to strategically broaden our product lines. We expect Global Healthcare sales to show better results in the third quarter, as improved account gains in both North America and Europe, combined with the annualization of business we exited, lead to improved growth for the third quarter. Reported fixed currency Energy segment sales grew 64%. As expected, acquisition adjusted Global Energy fixed currency sales returned to their lower double-digit growth trends in the second quarter, increasing 14%. Our upstream business saw a further double-digit growth in the second quarter, resulting from share gains and our continued focus on higher-growth energy production sources, including very strong growth in deepwater, shale and oil sands. The downstream business sales grew nicely, resulting from a pickup in North America refining and the strong market share gains. As mentioned earlier, the Champion business enjoyed a strong performance in the quarter. The integration of the Energy and Champion businesses is going very well, and we are on plan with our integration targets. One result of this rapid and full integration of the businesses, including their sales functions, is that going forward, we will not be able to separate financials by entity, since they are now operating as one single business. Looking ahead, we expect acquisition adjusted Energy segment sales to continue showing strong growth over the balance of the year, driven by shale, continued strength in the deepwater and oil sands business and steady growth in downstream as new Middle East capacity begins production. We expect third quarter acquisition adjusted sales growth will be in the low double digits as Energy goes up against tough comparisons last year, when sales grew a very strong 20%. Sales for the Other segment declined 5%. When adjusted for the Vehicle Care divestiture, sales rose 5% in the second quarter. Fixed currency Global Pest sales increased 5% in the second quarter compared with 2012. We enjoyed good growth in food and beverage, health care, full-service restaurants and quick-service restaurants. Regionally, we saw good growth in Latin America, Asia Pacific and North America. Europe grew modestly, reflecting the continued challenging conditions in that region. We continue to drive market penetration, with innovative service offerings and technologies, including the global protect programs, Bed Bug Assurance, STEALTH Fly Station, STEALTH Fusion and expanding solution offerings. We expect Global Pest sales to show further good growth in the third quarter, with strong gains in the Americas and Asia and modest growth in Europe. Sales for Equipment Care, the business formerly known as GCS, showed improved growth in the second quarter, rising 7%. New account sales, better penetration and improved technician productivity drove strong growth in the service revenues, while parts sales also showed good gains. We continue to see good results from chain account relationships and also, as we drive sales through their regional and franchise organizations. We expect Equipment Care to show further gains in the third quarter, as continued good service trends, improved parts sales and streamlined operations benefit results. Slide 6 of our presentation shows selected income statement items. Second quarter gross margins were 45.2%. Adjusted for acquisitions and special charges, second quarter 2013 gross margins increased 50 basis points versus a year ago. The improvement primarily reflected the benefits of volume and pricing gains, as well as merger synergies and cost efficiencies offsetting the business mix of higher Energy sales. SG&A expenses represented 32.5% of second quarter sales, an improvement of 70 basis points versus last year. The favorable mix of Energy and Champion, as well as sales gains and cost savings efforts, including merger synergies, led the improvement. Fixed currency operating income for Global Industrial increased 17%, with margins up 150 basis points. Pricing and cost synergies and efficiencies led the gain. Margins also improved, as we focused on more profitable areas of the business. Fixed currency operating income for Global Institutional increased 7%, with margins up 80 basis points. Pricing, volume gains and cost efficiencies drove the increase. Reported Global Energy fixed currency operating income increased 66%. Acquisition adjusted Global Energy operating income increased 28% in fixed currencies, led by the strong volume gains, synergies, operating leverage and pricing. Fixed currency operating income for the Other segment declined 4%. Adjusted for the sale of Vehicle Care, operating income grew 12%, with improved results from Pest and Equipment Care. The Corporate segment and tax rate are discussed in the press release. We repurchased 1.8 million shares during the second quarter. The net of this performance is that Ecolab reported second quarter diluted earnings per share of $0.69 compared with $0.62 reported a year ago. When adjusted for special gains and charges and discrete tax items in both years, adjusted earnings increased 19% to $0.86 when compared with $0.72 earned a year ago. Turning to Slide 7, and looking at Ecolab's balance sheet, total debt to total capital was 53% at June 30, the same as a year ago. Our net debt to total capital was 51%. First half cash flow reflects the normal seasonal pattern, where we typically see lower income and smaller cash flow in the first half, with both of them stronger in the second half. Looking ahead, and as outlined in Slide 8, we continue to take aggressive actions to drive both our top and bottom lines, expanding our market share and customer penetration among major accounts, leveraging our positions in key growth markets in food, water, energy and healthcare as we work to offset generally soft global conditions. We expect to show good acquisition adjusted sales growth and margin expansion again in the third quarter, driven by innovation, pricing, merger synergies and better operating efficiencies. We expect to deliver on these aggressive goals while building growth for the future. We expect adjusted earnings per share for 2013 diluted earnings per share to increase 15% to 21% to $1 to $1.05 range, compared with the adjusted earnings per share of $0.87 earned last year. We raised our outlook for the full year 2013 and now look for adjusted earnings per share in a range of $3.48 to $3.56, representing a very strong 17% to 19% growth. In summary, we once again delivered on our forecast in the second quarter, while offsetting the weaker economy and further investing in our future. We look for further solid acquisition adjusted sales growth and continued double-digit profit gains in the third quarter, as well as for the full year 2013, as we drive to produce yet another strong year and build for our future. That concludes my formal remarks. As a reminder, before we start the Q&A, we plan to hold our 2013 Investor Day in St. Paul on September 12. Space will be limited and is filling up fast, so if you have any interest in attending or have questions, please contact us. And now here's Doug Baker with his comments on the quarter.
Douglas M. Baker: Thanks, Mike. Hello, everyone. So clearly, it was a very good quarter, and I will just highlight a couple of points. First of all, our underlying business sales growth accelerated from Q1, which was one of our top priorities, and it was driven by excellent new business efforts, we continue to go out and secure new customers while also driving new innovation, both in our existing base and also using it to leverage our new customer efforts. Margins also improved. Certainly, volume and pricing were major contributors, but also the synergy and renaissance programs are also doing their part, and both those programs remain on track. So the Nalco integration continues to progress well, and the European renaissance program also is making a difference. The latest acquisition, obviously Champion, was off to a very strong start. It had stronger sales than we had forecast moving in, which was -- is always good news. And so going forward, we see, I guess, a continuation of the improvement that we saw across the business. We believe we're well positioned. We like the businesses. We are focused on execution and believe that our efforts will continue to enable us to overcome a difficult economic situation, which we do not forecast changing dramatically second half from first half. Neither getting better nor deteriorating significantly, so we see more of the same. Hence, we've raised our guidance, which Mike just talked about, which indicates a 17% to 19% EPS increase year-on-year. So I guess we like where we sit right now. And if the team continues to execute, we feel we are in position to deliver a very good year, and we're confident we will do just that, execute. So with that, I'll turn it back over for Q&A.
Michael Monahan: Operator, please begin the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question does come from Mike Ritzenthaler with Piper Jaffray.
Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: On revenue synergies, I guess, first, on Nalco, I'd be interested in how things are progressing versus the $75 million in growth synergies outlined and whether -- maybe you could add some context with some success stories or something that gives you the confidence that, that target is achievable this year. And I guess, secondly, on Champion, are we in a place yet where you can say that growth synergies will be north of 0 yet?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I'll start with the first question. Yes, so we're on target for the $75 million for the year. We had roughly $20 million in Q2. So if I was going to take the over or under on the $75 million for the year, I'd probably take the over. I think the teams are doing quite well. We talked about it last call, that we're seeing a number of big enterprise-wide deals, probably earlier than we had anticipated, so that remains on track. Regarding the ambitious target we've laid out for growth synergies on the Champion deal at 0, we're holding. So I would say we've had this for a couple of months. It's going to be very difficult to measure. Mostly what you're going to see is the ability to leverage Champion Technologies in the historic Nalco Energy Services base and vice versa. And that is already happening, and so we will see that. That would be revenue synergy. But at the end of the day, I think the guidance we've given is expect double-digit growth from the combined enterprise on a pro forma basis. And within that number is the revenue synergies we expect we're going to achieve.
Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: All right. And just as a brief follow-up, how much do moves impact your thoughts on raw materials, Doug. Oil prices are up, but certain intermediates and derivatives are modestly weaker. Does that change your previous view of being roughly flat? And how do those raws kind of influence Ecolab's ability to capture price in this challenging environment?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Our view on raws, look, everything's changed within the basket, but in total, it really didn't change. So we still see raws as really not much of a story for the year. It was a modest negative first quarter, modest positive second quarter, but I'm talking very modest. And for the year, we anticipate it's going to be a very modest negative. So raws are pretty benign. They're not moving much in total. Certainly, higher raw moves enable us to justify more price, particularly in certain markets. So it does have an impact on our ability to price some places. But in all instances, we are out every year working to secure price, because raws are not our only cost that is inflated. We have people cost, which is, by far, our largest cost in the business, given our investment in sales and service, and people costs go up every year. So we are out there working to secure pricing year in, year out. We don't sit back and just wait for large raw moves anymore, which I'd say was more of a pattern in the early 2000s, when you're in a very benign period for a long period of time. So we're out working to secure it. This year, pricing is going to be below last year, simply because you don't have the tail of a large move. But we still anticipate securing north of 1 point globally.
Operator: The next question comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Doug, just on Institutional, can you talk about your confidence in getting some acceleration in top line in the back half of the year?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I think Institutional improved from first quarter to second quarter. We've got -- if you peel it apart, I mean, clearly, the Institutional business in Europe has been the most impacted, if you will, by the economy. And it reduced its shrink from quarter-to-quarter and is anticipated to be flattish to modestly up in the second half. So that alone, because it's not a small piece of that business, is going to impact the overall growth rate. But Institutional around the world has got significant opportunities. They're on it. We've got a great Corporate account team, a very robust innovation pipeline. They've delivering against it. So we expect Institutional to continue to improve throughout this year and likely going into next year.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And, Doug, just in the U.S., any change in the competitive intensity from the usual suspects?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I mean, not -- I would say, overall, no. I mean, certainly, there's been shifts. So some of our competitors have been severely impacted by events, many of them of their own doing. And others are talking about aggressively rebuilding a program in the U.S. I would say on balance, I think the competitive environment is much more similar versus dissimilar to what we've seen historically. The way people typically try to attack us, if they're going to do it on a national basis, is try to undercut us on price. And that's been true since I've been here, and I'm about to enter my 25th year. So I would expect that's going to be the norm going forward. I think we manage against that challenge well, and I would expect that we will do so going forward. So we certainly haven't seen any share erosion. If anything, given the markets and the difficulty in food service, we've been gaining share, not shrinking, over the last few years, and I would expect that to continue.
Operator: The next question comes from David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: There's been a couple of areas of pruning of either service lines or customers in Paper, Water and Health. I mean, one question is, would collectively, these actions amount to a point or 2 of revenue? And then as a follow-up, should we expect further actions in 2014 or has 2013 been a year of unusual portfolio management?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I would say they can be material within a given business, but they don't reach a level of 1 point of growth by any means over the entire enterprise. So yes, certainly, I think -- certainly, in Water, we are working to use this year, if you will, to sharpen our focus on the areas where we believe we've got the greatest right to succeed. And as a result, there's some areas that we're de-emphasizing. This is not a sea change. This is, I think, managing well around the edges and doing things that are going to position us for even better growth going forward. We have some of the same opportunities in Healthcare. There's, I would call, minor pruning going on in many of the businesses. We think this is a smart year to do it. It's -- we are managing for, positioning ourselves for maximum growth going forward, for maximum profitable growth going forward. And so these are just steps we're taking. I do not expect that it's going to go deep into '14, if it goes into '14 at all. But again, I think on a global basis across the enterprise, it's not going to be a dramatic change in terms of what its impact is on overall sales growth.
Operator: The next question comes from Nate Brochmann with William Blair.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Wanted to talk, Doug, a little bit more specifically about Europe in terms of the renaissance program. Obviously, I know that you've accelerated some things there in order to get the margin benefits. Can you talk about how much you're really accelerating there and a little bit more specifically what you're doing and what the legs are to that to keep going into next year?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, year-on-year and kind of a light way that we've talked about it with the investment community in the past, our margin in the second quarter increased about 160 basis points in Europe, which is in line, maybe a little better than we've talked. We mentioned that we thought we were going to be 100, maybe north of 100. That obviously feels pretty secure sitting here halfway through the year, well on target to do that. So we're going to likely be in the 150, a little better than we've said we would be overall on Europe margin improvement for the year. What's driving it? It's very similar, Nate, to the conversations we have had before. So we made significant investments in consolidating ERP systems, which enabled us to consolidate back office, which means, ultimately, you have the chance to do cost takeout as you move from 30 to several. We have set up centers in East Europe, which enables us to shift some work and have further labor arbitrage on the remaining work. We're also leveraging field technology, which improves our ability to drive improvement in our performance in the field around productivity metrics. So it's a number of things. The brave new world going into '14 is going to be increased focus on supply chain and making sure that we do the right things around product lines, leveraging the new innovations and the like. And that's where we'll start seeing, I would say, follow-on efforts, because remember, we're still pretty early in this process. We talked about 1,000 points as the ultimate goal. We're going to end this year north of 300 in total for the first 3 years. But that still means there's double that in front of us, and so we still have a lot of work, a lot of opportunity there. We're going to stick to it, and we feel good about our ability to continue this path for the next several years.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And just kind of along those lines, Doug, I mean, you guys have done a great job, obviously, internally. And again, even this year, to get up to 160, that's outstanding. How far can you get to before you need the economy and the volume to start coming back to really then leverage the new infrastructure over there as opposed to how much more can you keep doing on your own even without a whole lot of robust growth in Europe?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I don't think we ever anticipated robust growth in Europe because we haven't experienced it. I would say, certainly, as I've mentioned before, I mean, this year, we were going to do this on pretty flat sales, right? Down in the first and improving. Some of it was, as we told you, onetime issues. But we're going to have very strong profit growth, and as a result, very strong EBIT or OI improvement in terms of margin. But we can do it for a while without a lot of tailwind from Europe. Certainly, it's going to be very difficult to get 1,000. So if you're going to tell me Europe doesn't improve one bit from here over the next 7 years, I may tell you it may take us a little longer to get the remaining 700 basis points. I don't think that's really our view. We don't need dramatic improvement, but we do feel like Europe has seen probably the bottom at this point in time, or at least this bottom. And feel we are in a position where we can drive modest sales growth, which is really all it takes for us to realize much of the margin we're talking about.
Operator: The next question comes from Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Just a couple of questions, if I may. When you provide growth by segments in fixed currencies, you have the overall 1% contribution from foreign exchange. Are there any outliers in the segments, where it would be significantly different from 1% that's for the overall company, outside of the Equipment Care business, where it's probably going to be 0 or less.
Douglas M. Baker: No, I'm -- yes, but the only would be Other, which is principally a U.S. or almost principally a U.S. business. They would have less non-U.S. sales in Other. The rest, it's more or less similar mix geographically. So I wouldn't say it was dramatically different, no.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Fair enough. Second question, we've talked in the past, and I think you mentioned it in this call as well, the challenges that the Healthcare segment continues to face. I understand that this is not going to be a short turnaround or there's not an inflection point necessarily coming in sort of a long-term customer education and market penetration story. So just so that we don't focus on this every quarter, how much patience should we have with this business before expecting to see results that are better than low-single digits, excluding the business shedding -- or single-digit declines, including the business shedding? I mean, at what point is it going to be delivering the growth that justifies your getting into this business 5 years ago in such a meaningful way?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, well, I guess I'd just say at this context, since we "got into it in a meaningful way", I think the 5-year top line CAGR of 7%, 8%, and its double-digit OI growth over that period of time. So it's performed. And that, of course, includes '08, '09 and all kinds of noise. So it's performed decently at -- I would say. This year and this quarter, yes, this isn't our best quarter. I'd also say we don't believe this quarter is indicative of how the business is performing. We believe this business will show improved single-digit -- modest single-digit growth for the balance of the year, improved profitability. And I think the team is doing exactly the things it needs to do to set itself up to continue the type of performance we've seen over the last 5 years. So we see Healthcare as a very important part of our business. We believe it's going to have at least Corporate, if not better than Corporate average growth, both on top and bottom line. We see it as an important contributor long term. And also, the work we do in Healthcare is leverageable in other parts of our business. So there's many reasons we like this business, performance being one of the primary ones. And I'd say, Dmitry, we're not going to ask for a lot of patience. I don't think we've really cashed in a lot of patient points to date, to use a double entendre, but as we move forward, I think you'll see this business get back to its historic norms of 8% top line, double-digit bottom line.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Very good. And then final question, your balance sheet after the acquisition is obviously a little stretched at north of 50% debt-to-capital. Your share count has gone up. You had some commitments about share repurchases prior to making the Champion deal. So as we look forward to the balance of 2013 and into 2014, how should we think about the use of cash between share repurchases and debt pay-down sort of not -- ignoring for the moment the opportunistic M&A that may come along?
Douglas M. Baker: So our use of cash priorities remain dividends, there is debt pay-down now for the near term, opportunistic M&A, much more in historic keeping of how we used to execute M&A bolt-ons, et cetera. We did say we're going to finish the $280 million that was remaining from the $1 billion share buyback. We're going to execute that by year end. That's still the plan. Going forward in '14 and '15, I guess our best estimate, and we think for modeling, you should assume that we offset dilution and are able to execute that type of share repurchase program. So we're going to end the year around 307 million shares, and that's probably what you should use for your modeling, certainly for '14.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: So it sounds like dividends and debt pay-down is going to be the primary use of cash outside of serendipitous acquisitions?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, dividends have always been priority one, and we are -- for a short period of time, we said that we want to get our EBITDA metric down 2 and below, below 2, and that's going to take a couple hundred million bucks of debt repurchase, which we plan to do over the next 18 months or so.
Operator: The next question comes from Edward Yang with Oppenheimer.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Piggybacking on some of the earlier questions, in Healthcare, are you seeing any acquisition opportunities or better multiples now that it's a slower environment there?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I would say we continue to have a number of opportunities that we look at in Healthcare. The multiple conversation is, it's hard for us to give any kind of -- or see any kind of average multiple move because we may look at a very small technology, small business that has what appears to be a very large multiple because we have the leverage for it, and they've invested a lot of money getting through regulatory and everything else. So it's a tough conversation. I would say I think it'd probably take a little more time before the average multiple goes down. It tends to -- they go up faster than they come down, because of people's expectations, and especially if it's in private equity's hands and they bought it. You go back 5 years, they still have some expensive goods on their hands, and they're hoping for high prices coming out. We're not going to be doing that.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And Doug, you mentioned that the competitive environment in Institutional hasn't changed much. And one of your larger competitors had said they want to reenter the U.S. business. Have you seen any indication of that? Or if they were to actually move forward with that, how long would that process take, you think?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I guess I'd make 2 points. Yes, I mean, we've heard the same comments. They never completely left the U.S. market, so there's a little bit of a misnomer there. And so their plan to rebuild in the U.S. wouldn't be surprising. I bet they've got a plan to rebuild in every -- to build their business in every region, including the U.S. And I would say we respect our competitors. We respect diversity, which we're all alluding to here. And we fared quite well before they pulled out of the U.S., we've fared well since they pulled out of the U.S. We think it'll be incumbent on us to continue to perform regardless of what they do. We can't have our competitors' decisions dictate our fortunes, and we don't plan to put ourselves in that position.
Operator: The next question comes from John McNulty with Crdit Suisse.
John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a question with regard to capital intensity. When we take a look at your CapEx as a percent of sales, Ecolab on its own used to be very low. It spiked up a bit with Nalco, and I think you admitted earlier on that Nalco needed some serious investment. I guess how deep through that phase are we on the reinvestment side? How does it compare with how we should think about Champion? And when can we see your capital intensity start to drop down a little bit?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, John, I would say, yes, there was just -- there was a few things that needed to be done, i.e., we're building a plant in Singapore and doing some other things that you would have said maybe should have been done a few years earlier. But there's not a long list. I would say the list is, we are well within moving and marching against that list. On a go-forward basis, the businesses that we acquired as part of the Nalco deal are less capital intensive than, if you will, the legacy businesses, roughly a point of sales if you want to look at it as a multiple of sales. So we don't believe we've at all increased our capital intensity as a company. We probably decreased it on a run rate, plus, going forward, we've got more, if you will, plant capacity than we did pre-deal. So there will be investments that we probably would have made if we hadn't done this, that would have happened earlier than they will now because we've got other capacity that we'll absorb before we have to go build new facilities, other places. So I think we're well through that bubble. I think when you start seeing '14 on, I think you're going to see pretty normal-type capital and the type of run rate that we would expect going forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Jeffrey Schnell - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: This is Jeff Schnell on for Laurence. Can you help us bridge the global oil production estimates to your 12% to 13% volume growth in Energy? And more specifically, can you talk about what you're expecting for EOR growth?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, well, look, I think we've spent time talking about this. One, it's not -- the 12% is not all volume. There's, obviously, price in there, too, as we go forward. I mean, that's what drives our sales growth. It's both, not just pure volume. Number two, as we go through, there's a change in terms of mix within the oil business. As old wells go off and are replaced by new wells, the intensity or usage of our type of services increases fairly dramatically, simply because the oil that's coming on is harder to deal with. It's nastier, more corrosive, usually has a higher water content, so it takes more of our type of services and chemistry to treat, both from an anticorrosion standpoint, from a separation, from a cleaning, from a treatment standpoint. And so as a result, if you just look at that mix change, that pretty flat oil, you're going to see mid- to upper-single-digit type growth in our market. If you start growing the business on top of that, you will see even faster market growth in that. That's the component that excited us about the business. That's the component that really led Nalco premerger, to identify, if you want to call it new oil, as the primary objective because it is such -- it's much more intensive in terms of its need for the type of chemistries and services that we provide. And so that's the underlying, if you will, story that's driving the business forward. And it will be true in a flat oil environment or in a growth environment, obviously, gets accentuated. Certainly, if you have destruction of oil volume over a period of time, it's going to negate some of that benefit, but it's hard to get to a 0 growth story in oil as far as our chemistry is concerned.
Operator: The next question comes from John Quealy with Canaccord.
John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: First, in terms of the integration of Champion, now that we're calling it same-store sales, if you will, what else should we look for from you folks in terms of metrics, in terms of integration besides dollars? Are we going to hear about different strategies, different activities that you're doing to integrate that business?
Douglas M. Baker: I think what we've laid out to-date is expected combined sales growth. We've talked about $150 million in cost synergies, all combining to deliver $0.50 of accretion by -- in 2016. All right? I mean, that's the story. And those 2 pieces, the sales growth, right, on an increased base and the cost savings, are what enable us to deliver or talk about $0.50 of accretion. We will certainly routinely report out on how this business does, so we will talk about its performance, in its own segment, if you will, moving forward. So we will give specific information on how we're doing against cost synergies, obviously, what the sales growth is. We usually add color, is that being driven by innovation, new business, et cetera. So I would expect that you'll hear all those things going forward, much like you do on our other businesses.
John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: And as a follow-up, assuming Keystone, the pipeline, gets approved and installed at some point in the next several years, do you need to do anything from a customer face, especially upstream, to help those customers deal with increased flows? Or is it just not material given the scale of your Energy business now?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. No, we would be for the Keystone pipeline, but it's not because it's going to have a dramatic impact on our business one way or another, but it's probably the right thing, we think, for the country and for our customers. So I would not -- there's no calculation to put in for Keystone for our business.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Harrison with First Analysis.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: Ashland announced that they are seeking strategic alternatives for their water technologies business. Can you talk a little bit about how much more consolidation is needed in the paper chemicals business, particularly in Europe? And what would be your appetite to be a consolidator?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I guess Ashland announced they're looking at strategic alternatives, which is probably a public statement of what everybody does every day in their business. I guess it's code for we should expect something to happen, but nothing's happened yet. You know what, Mike, I guess what we've said repeatedly on the Paper business, look, I'm quite pleased with how the Paper team and our business has performed. They've done, I think, a very admirable job in difficult market conditions. They've grown -- they've found a way, I think, to get that business focused on the areas where we have the right to compete. They've driven very strong mix improvement, very strong gross profit improvement as a result, and delivered double-digit OI last year and are in a position to do it again this year for the full year. So we said going in that if we were looking at Nalco, and they were separating the businesses, we would have bought water alone, we would have bought energy alone, we probably wouldn't have bought paper alone. And we've also said publicly, and you've heard it, that we aren't the likely consolidators in this business also. So nothing's changed. Will others consolidate the business? I don't know. It's been bandied around quite a bit for the last 5 years. So far, there's a lot of talk, very little action, and I don't know if that's going to change going forward or not. These things are always harder to do than in actuality than they seem on paper. So I guess we'll see. We don't believe we're going to end up impaired from a competitive position. We go to market a little differently. We have a different niche than most people. And honestly, I think we've got a -- as paper businesses go, a darn good one.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: All right. And then on the Food & Beverage business, we've been hearing you talk about weakness in the protein market for some time now. Can you give us some additional details about what's going on there and whether that weakness is going to continue or what could cause it to improve?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, protein goes through its cycles. You had really high corn last year and the last few years. I mean, feed costs are a huge issue in the protein market, and they start taking out, culling herds very quickly when it's too expensive to feed them, right, because they're not going to get it in terms of the growth of the animal. And so we've got small -- you've got a business that's being rebuilt. Now corn prices are way down this year versus last year. It's a boom crop. So the protein business will get rebuilt and will become healthy again over the next couple years. I mean, we've seen this cycle over time. I mean, people shift, make different choices within the protein business based on price. So I guess we don't look at this as any real strategic issue for us per se. It's part of the business. It's part of what we go through. So the Food & Beverage business per se, in total, is not cyclical, but there are elements within it that are cyclical. And you have shifts. And so I think the protein story is a temporary story. And in a couple years, we'll be talking about how healthy that business is and what we're doing there.
Operator: The next question comes from Andy Wittmann with Robert W. Baird.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I just want to dig in a little bit. It seemed like pretty consistent commentary from some of your emerging markets that they're an area of strength in the quarter. I was just hoping you could give a little bit of color as to -- maybe some more regional -- more specific regional commentary there, and really, what's driving that in the face of really some pretty shaky second quarter growth. Is it share gains or were your end markets maybe not seeing that kind of wiggles in the economic environment in the emerging markets?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, well, we've worked -- we don't think about the emerging markets as like we have a mono strategy that we're applying to them all. We have, I'd say, a more nuanced view, so it's market-specific. Russia is -- primarily, but not exclusively, it's an energy story first, and I would say water story second, and those are the focus areas. Our Russian business continues to progress well as a result. Brazil, our focus is Energy and more on the food side, the Food & Beverage side. Both those businesses have progressed very well. Institutional around it is also doing pretty well as a result. GDP figures are not always a great indicator of how our business is going to perform, because GDP is made up of a whole bunch of areas that don't impact us. We are much more -- we pay much more attention to industrial production, to food production, to rooms sold, to restaurants visited, et cetera. I mean, those and the energy story, we already talked about in an earlier story. India had double-digit growth. That's a market that we're investing in. I would say happy to reinvest our profits from India into that business for the foreseeable future. In China, we've made a number of outsized investments and are seeing a larger business emerge. That business, in total, was just under double digits for the second quarter, and really, that was driven principally by energy weakness in the downstream market, where they just got overbuilt, and then they usually radically adjust production when they get into that situation there. But the core Ecolab businesses in China have recovered very well, are growing at -- handily in the double-digit range. Water business is improving. Paper business is improving there. So some of that is because last year, the industrial production in China was way off and much worse than GDP would have indicated. So in a lot of ways, we saw the bottom last year from an IP standpoint. While this year isn't great, I think in comparison to last year, it's modestly better, just the underlying market conditions there. So that's a quick walk around the world. I think in total, those businesses continue to outpace our other businesses, which you would expect. We think we're positioned well, and we think we've got strategies that work there, pretty much independent of GDP, obviously, not completely independent.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Angel Castillo Malpica - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This is actually Angel on for Bob. I was wondering if you could just give me a little bit of detail around your Champion or your Energy performance and maybe how much of that is actually due to share gains versus just existing customers and synergies. Yes, just that.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I would say we probably have a better handle on the Energy Services business, to peel apart the business. I think if you went back, we would say we believe that market -- half that growth was from market, half that growth was from own efforts. The team, for the last several years, has identified new oil as its primary focus. We want disproportionate share of new oil, because the consumption's much higher there. And that strategy is a strategy that continues to pay dividends as we move forward. Champion had strong growth, too. I think if you look at Champion and Energy Services separately, it's the last quarter we have any ability to do this. So we really don't have a great ability to do it now because we merged the businesses. They're going against very different bases. Last year, Energy grew -- Energy Services business grew around 20%, and Champion grew at about 13% in 2012. And so if you do a 2-year growth rate, they're almost exactly on top of each other as you look at this thing. So I think both businesses have done smart things. The combination, we think, is going to prove very beneficial. And now it's up to us to go execute, and while we're integrating the businesses and putting them together, not muck up the top line momentum. And that's always, right, goal #1, and that's the challenge that we're making sure we keep front and center.
Angel Castillo Malpica - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And just one other small question, just regarding your Global Water. It seems like mining maybe has improved a little bit there just -- or it's less of a headwind. So I was just wondering if you could give us a little bit of color around what you're seeing in that end market.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I mean, mining, as we talked in the first quarter, was down. It was negative growth, single digits, and this quarter, it was flat to up modestly, up 1 point. And so it certainly improved, and a lot of that is a real credit to the team. Our team has done a very good job continuing to drive its new customer efforts in the face of, obviously, a difficult market condition. And so this is kind of play 101 out of the playbook, and they're running it very, very well. And so I'm quite pleased with how the mining team's reacting to difficult market conditions. We expect the mining business to continue to improve throughout the year, but at a fairly modest rate, because we don't think the underlying conditions are going to change dramatically by the end of the year.
Operator: The next question comes from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
Eric Petrie: This is Eric Petrie in for P.J. Just quickly on Champion, what was the contribution to sales and EBIT in second quarter of '12?
Douglas M. Baker: Champion in '12?
Eric Petrie: Yes, Champion in '12. Just looking for a mix and then how, in your best guess, would that have changed this quarter.
Douglas M. Baker: Sorry, I'm really not -- you're looking at, what, Champion year-on-year?
Eric Petrie: Yes, so Champion year-on-year.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I don't think -- one, we're not -- here's one, it gets hard to completely take apart this year and attribute, what am I going to attribute to Champion, what am I going to attribute to Nalco in terms of even the synergies, some of the sales and customers we've already put together, so it's not very easy for us to do a very clean dissection, number one. What we would say is if you take out the deal D&A, depreciation and amortization, we know that the business on a pro forma basis improved top and bottom line. If you had owned the businesses last year during the same time period, that margins increased and sales obviously grew. What was the big contributor? Well, volume is going to be a big one because you had pretty strong volume growth. But all the other efforts, synergy efforts and all -- and making sure that we offset raw materials, and all the rest were going to be contributors.
Eric Petrie: Okay. And then any outlook on second half Energy margins, as well as any impact on top line from higher WTI prices?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, the price of oil, unless it's significantly out of, what we've called this $80 to $120 band, and it's got to be significantly out of it, and it's got to be for a long period of time, really, doesn't have a material impact on our business. So whether it's trading at $83 or $108, it isn't going to have a big impact on our volume or the production. So the WTI move, it's really they're able to move the product and meet market demand more so as you're seeing a more natural, I'd say, delta between WTI and Brent now, because of the cost of moving it up to the East Coast, the $3 to $5 delta that you historically saw. We'd expect that to remain the same. It's not an impact on our business.
Eric Petrie: And then anything on margins? I know you commented tough comps in second half last year.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I think we aren't really signaling that there's any big news in Energy margins, if we continue to grow the way that we expect to grow in that business and deliver against the synergies, we will have margin improvement in that business, which we're going to need, because we got to offset the cost of the deal, right? So it's taken on D&A from the deal. It's taken on -- we got interest rates that don't show up in that business, right, cost of money to do the deal. So we expect margins, stripped out of D&A, to continue to improve as we go forward, driven by volume and synergies, if nothing else.
Operator: The last question comes from Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Just looking at Water, Doug, you talked about share gain. Could you give us a better feel for which areas you are focusing on? And then I am presuming you are gaining share there. And still within Water, there are talk about 3 new mines opening some time between now and the end of this year. Is that going to help or are those mines that you -- that Nalco is not involved in?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, Rosemarie, there's been what I would call minus -- minor, excuse me, shift in emphasis. But as I said earlier, it isn't a sea change. It is de-emphasizing large-cap, low-margin work that was a bit in the sphere of focus previously. Getting rid of that, increasing focus on probably the light side of the business, where we probably have enhanced reasons to believe that we can succeed there. The Institutional market, hospitals, hotels, as well as light industry, which has always been a focus for the Water business. Where are we seeing the gains right now? Probably mostly in the traditional areas. We've had very strong gains in power. We've had very strong gains in other industrial areas. The team is doing a good job, I think remaining focused on the businesses that we think are going to matter most long term. Paper has had a number of new business wins. Mining has had a number of new business wins. Otherwise, there's no way we would have had flat sales this quarter. So we'll go after, right, the markets that we've talked about historically. So I don't think in the sweet spot of the business that there is a dramatic change. We are continuing to drive 3D TRASAR. We're continuing to drive other new innovation. If anything, we're upping Corporate account investments in terms of manpower and doing other things because we think there is more room to grow and pursue in terms of the largest customers in the industries we go after. That's the focus, and I think it's going to work.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay, no, that is very helpful. And then lastly, if I may, on Healthcare, could you give us a feel for the areas you have de-emphasized? I mean, is it low margin? I think you had bedsheets or bedcovers. Is that the kind of businesses you are getting out of? And is some of the weakness in Healthcare also linked to a certain degree to ObamaCare?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. The decisions we made to get out of pieces of the business, and they've been pretty discrete products that are almost -- they're OEM in nature in terms of the contracts we have. They weren't what we -- they were not in areas that we wanted to invest in, in terms of capabilities long term. And we didn't believe we were going to be the people to compete for that business over the next 5 or 10 years, there weren't great margins as a result of our lack of investment in terms of capability. So it's stuff that we inherited when we bought some businesses. And so it's just clean it up, make clear decisions. We're at a point where we're either going to have to invest or get out. And on some of these, the better choice, we believe, was to get out of the business. It was not specifically related to ObamaCare or any other regulatory move per se. It was much more just a pure business decision, would have happened with or without ObamaCare.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. And just one last one. Equipment Care, was it profitable this quarter?
Douglas M. Baker: Why, thank you, Rosemarie. It was profitable this quarter. I figured this is the only time I'd never get a darn GCS question.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Anything I can help -- I can do to help.
Douglas M. Baker: I appreciate it. And as a follow-on question, yes, that's the second quarter in a row that it made money.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: And it will make -- and can you give us a feel for the dollar amount for the full year?
Douglas M. Baker: It'll be in the millions. How's that? Well, at least I gave you the number of commas. All right, that's a start. So that's our forecasting accuracy right now for -- but that team has done a very good job. That business is growing. They made a lot of smart moves. It's making money. So it's good news, and congrats to the team.
Operator: I would now like to go ahead and turn the call back over to Mr. Monahan for closing comments.
Michael Monahan: Thanks. That wraps up our second quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated slides will be available for replay on our website. Thanks for your time and participation today, and our best wishes for the rest of the day to you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference call. The call has concluded. You may go ahead and disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-30 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Monahan - Senior Vice President of External Relations Douglas M. Baker - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Gary E. Bisbee - Barclays Capital, Research Division John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Eric Petrie Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc. Jeffrey Stafford - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Ecolab First Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I would like to turn the call over to your host for today to Mr. Michael Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Monahan: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's first quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO. A copy of our earnings release and the accompanying slides referenced in this teleconference are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statement on Slide 2, stating that this teleconference and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Form 10-K under Item 1A, Risk Factors, in our first quarter earnings release and on Slide 2. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with an overview on Slide 3, we delivered strong results in the first quarter, hitting the top end of our forecasted earnings range despite continuing economic headwinds and higher pension and delivered product cost. We leveraged improved sales volume growth, pricing and our synergy and cost efficiency work, along with our lower interest expense and tax rate to produce yet another double-digit increase in our adjusted earnings per share. Looking ahead, we expect to continue to outperform our markets and show double-digit earnings gains again in the second quarter and the full year, as better sales growth, appropriate pricing, innovation, synergies and margin leverage are -- more than offset increased pension and delivered product costs and investments. Moving to some highlights from the first quarter and as discussed in our press release. Reported first quarter earnings per share were $0.53. On an adjusted basis excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items from both years, first quarter 2013 earnings per share increased an outstanding 20% to $0.60. The adjusted earnings per share growth was driven by volume and pricing gains, new products and new accounts, which along with synergies and cost savings actions, more than offset higher pension and delivered product costs. We enjoyed strong gains in our Global Specialty and Global Food & Beverage businesses, and nearly all of our Global segments showed good margin expansion. And we finally closed on our acquisition of Champion. We continue to be aggressive, focusing on top line growth. We're emphasizing our innovative product and service strengths to help customers get better results and lower costs. And through these, drive new account acquisition across all of our customer segments. We also continue to implement appropriate price increases to help offset higher costs and investments in our business. We remain focused on expanding our margins and emphasizing productivity and efficiency improvements to help increase profitability, as well as drive merger synergies. We also continue to make investments in key growth businesses to sustain our technology and sales and service leadership. We remain on or ahead of plan on our Nalco merger-related cost and growth synergy targets. We have begun our integration work with Champion, utilizing some of the same people and programs that so successfully led our Nalco integration. And we expect good results once again. As part of our actions, we announced the restructuring of our Global Energy business with expected charges totaling approximately $80 million over the next 2 years. Resulting synergies should increase from approximately $25 million this year to $150 million by the end of 2015. Accretion from Champion is expected to reach approximately $0.07 per share in 2013 and rise to $0.50 per share in 2016. Looking ahead, while economic trends present ongoing challenges, we continue to look for the second quarter to show further sales gains and margin improvement. Second quarter adjusted EPS is expected to increase 13% to 18% to the $0.81 to $0.85 range and compare with adjusted EPS of $0.72, as business growth and the benefits from synergies and cost reductions more than offset soft economies, higher pension and delivered product costs and the sale of Vehicle Care. We expect full year 2013 adjusted earnings per share, including expected Champion accretion, to be in the range of $3.45 to $3.55, representing 16% to 19% growth. In summary, we expect the second quarter to show another solid double-digit earnings growth performance by Ecolab as we also make key investments to drive superior results this year, as well as for the years ahead. Slide 4 shows our first quarter results, both as reported and with adjustments for special gains and charges, while Slide 5 shows our sales growth detail. Ecolab's consolidated and fixed currency sales for the first quarter increased 2%. Adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures, fixed currency sales rose 3%. Looking at the growth components, volume and mix increased 1%, pricing rose 1%, acquisitions and divestitures and currency did not have a significant impact, rounding accounts for the difference. First quarter reported -- first quarter reporting represents our new Global segment structure. Reported sales for the Global Industrial segment rose 1%. Adjusted for acquisitions, the Global Industrial segment was even with last year. Reported fixed currency Global Food & Beverage sales increased 6%. Excluding an acquisition, first quarter Global Food & Beverage fixed currency sales grew 4%. We enjoyed good growth in beverage and brewing along with gains in agri, dairy and food, which more than offset modestly lower sales growth in the continuing weak protein markets. Regionally, we enjoyed strong sales in Latin America with modest towards moderate growth led by share gains in the other regions. Global Food & Beverage continues to benefit from its Total Plant Assurance approach to customers, through which we combine our industry-leading Cleaning & Sanitizing, water treatment and Pest Elimination capabilities to deliver improved results, lower operating costs and better product quality assurance for customers. This has enabled us to win key global customers and offset sluggish conditions in some of our regional markets. In addition, we continue to drive merger growth synergies, adding water treatment solutions to our Food & Beverage customers. Looking ahead, we expect sales growth to improve in the second quarter and for the balance of the year as we see further benefits from our innovation pipeline, better customer penetration and new business development. Fixed currency water sales decreased 2% versus a strong gain last year. Excluding the impact of mining, and the de-emphasized businesses, which declined versus last year, Global Water sales to the heavy and light industries were flat. Regionally, North America recorded good sales growth, which was more than offset by modest sales declines elsewhere due to a challenging comparison period in last year's first quarter. We continue to drive market penetration with innovative solutions to optimize water usage, using 3D TRASAR platform technologies, new commercial solutions for water recycling and reuse and application for wastewater. We expect Global Water sales to show modest growth in the second quarter as a focus on corporate account management, growth synergies in Food & Beverage and Institutional and continued market share gains more than offset the impact from our work to improve profitability of our account base. Fixed currency global sales for paper decreased 3%. Solid growth in Latin America and Asia benefited from increased technology penetration and a return to more normal inventory levels. This was more than offset by sales declines in North America, resulting from lower plant utilization. We expect second quarter paper sales to be flat, reflecting continued market softness, primarily in North America. Reported fixed currency sales for the Global Institutional segment rose 2%. Fixed currency sales for the Global Institutional business were flat in the first quarter compared with 2012. Sales showed strong growth in Latin America, modest growth in North America and Asia Pacific and declined in Europe. As expected, and as mentioned in our last conference call, the timing of distributor shipments in Europe and North America in 2012 hurt first quarter comparison. Institutional's end markets continued to show mixed results, with modest growth in global lodging room demand and challenging food service foot traffic across North America and Europe, with traffic in North America also impacted by the higher payroll tax in the first quarter. Sales initiatives targeting new accounts and effective product and service programs continued to lead our results. To drive our future growth and improve on our industry leadership, we remain focused on executing global sales initiatives and on new products that deliver increased value and reduced labor, water and energy costs for customers in our restaurant, hospitality and long-term care markets. We also continue to increase our customer focus and service intimacy on a global basis through sales force investments in talent development and standardizing our global service protocols, along with further investments in field technology to help drive our service efficiency and better align sales efforts. Longer term, we expect our new Global Institutional structure will accelerate deployment of our innovation and technology globally, which we expect will help improve growth by driving better market penetration and new account gains. We look for second quarter Global Institutional business sales to show modest growth as more normal quarterly comparisons and continued aggressive efforts to outperform challenging markets yield improving growth in the second quarter and over the balance of the year. First quarter sales for Global Specialty, which is comprised of Kay's global quick service, food retail and related businesses, grew a very strong 13% in fixed currencies. Global quick service sales increased nearly double digits as we enjoyed strong growth from both large and small customers. New accounts, along with increased solutions for customers to drive operational efficiency and food safety, leveraged generally modest industry trends. Regionally, Asia Pacific sales benefited from good quick service foot traffic growth, while the U.S. and Latin America recorded solid gains, and Europe saw modest growth. The Food Retail business showed very strong double-digit sales growth in the quarter, benefiting from customer additions, new products and increased penetration. Growth was strong in all regions. We look for continued good sales growth in the second quarter, though at a more moderate pace, as Global Specialty works to deliver another solid performance in 2013. Fixed currency Global Healthcare sales increased 3% as good growth in temperature management and contamination control were partially offset by weakness from instrument reprocessing. Soft U.S. and European health care markets continued to impact results. To grow sales in this challenging environment, we have bolstered our corporate accounts team, increased our already strong service levels and continue to broaden our product lines. We expect Global Healthcare sales to show similar growth in the second quarter as improving gains in North America are partially offset by comparison to a very strong period in Europe's second quarter last year. Measured in fixed currencies, Global Energy sales, as expected, grew 7%. As discussed in our last call, Energy's first quarter reflects a comparison against very strong volume growth in both upstream and downstream versus last year when energy sales grew a remarkable and well-above trend 29%. In the first quarter 2013, our upstream business nonetheless saw further double-digit growth against that high base, resulting from good global market conditions, share gains and our continued focus on higher growth energy sources, including very strong growth in shale accounts and continued good momentum in oil sands. The downstream business declined modestly, reflecting comparison against the unusually strong period last year when strong share gains and start-ups benefited that period's growth. Looking ahead, we expect 2013 base Energy segment growth, excluding the impact of Champion, to return to its long-term double-digit growth trends over the balance of the year, driven by shale, continued strength in the deepwater and oil sands business and a return to steady growth in downstream as new Middle East capacity comes onstream. Sales for the Other segment declined 5%. When adjusted for the Vehicle Care divestiture, sales rose 5% in the first quarter. Fixed currency Global Pest sales increased 5%. We enjoyed good growth in Food & Beverage, Healthcare and restaurants. Regionally, we saw double-digit growth in Latin America with good gains in Asia Pacific and North America. Europe grew modestly, reflecting the continued challenging conditions in that region. We continued to drive market penetration using innovative service offerings and technologies, including the global protect programs, Bed Bug Assurance and the STEALTH Fly Station to lead our sales. We expect Global Pest to show continued good sales gains in the second quarter with further solid growth in the second half. Sales for Equipment Care, the business formerly known as GCS, increased 5% in the first quarter. Improved technician productivity drove strong growth in service revenues while parts sales also grew. We continue to see good results from chain account relationships and also as we drive sales with our regional and franchise organizations. We expect Equipment Care to show further gains in the second quarter as continued good service trends, improved parts sales and streamlined operations benefit results. Slide 6 of our presentation shows selected income statement items. First quarter gross margins were 45.5%. Adjusted for special charges, first quarter 2013 gross margins were 45.6%. When compared with first quarter 2012 adjusted results, 2013 adjusted gross margins continued to expand, increasing 30 basis points. The improvement primarily reflected the benefits of the volume and pricing gains, as well as merger synergies and cost efficiencies, which more than offset higher delivered product costs. SG&A expenses represented 34.7% of first quarter sales, an improvement of 50 basis points versus last year. Leverage from sales gains and cost-savings efforts, including merger synergies and Europe restructuring savings, led the improvement. Fixed currency operating income for Global Industrial increased 19%, with margins up 160 basis points. Pricing gains and cost synergies and efficiencies more than offset higher delivered product costs. Margins also improved as we focus on more profitable areas of the business. Fixed currency operating income for Global Institutional increased 9% with margins up 90 basis points. Pricing, volume gains and cost synergies and efficiencies also more than offset investments and higher delivered product costs. Global Energy operating income declined 4% in fixed currencies when compared to the very strong 53% increase last year. As expected, continued significant investments in the sales and service force, business mix and higher delivered product cost increases impacted results. We expect Energy will show double-digit operating income growth in the remaining quarters of 2013. Fixed currency operating income for the Other segment increased 4%. Adjusted for the sale of Vehicle Care, operating income grew 17% with improved results from Pest and Equipment Care. Interest expense in the first quarter of 2013 of $62 million compared with $86 million in last year's first quarter. Lower interest expense in the first quarter 2013 primarily reflects a debt extinguishment payment of $18 million on certain Nalco debt in the first quarter of 2012, as well as $6 million from the refinancing of higher-cost Nalco debt last year and other debt reductions. The Corporate segment and tax rate are discussed in the press release. Reflecting the then pending Champion transaction, we did not repurchase any shares during the first quarter. The net of this performance is that Ecolab reported first quarter diluted earnings per share of $0.53 compared with $0.17 reported year ago. When adjusted for special gains and charges and discrete tax items in both years, adjusted earnings increased 20% to $0.60 when compared with $0.50 earned a year ago. Turning to Slide 7 and looking at Ecolab's balance sheet. Total debt to total capital was 50% at March 31 compared with 52% reported a year ago. Our net debt to total capital was 46%. About $775 million of debt and about 2/3 of the larger cash position was in anticipation of funding for the Champion acquisition. Following the Champion close, total debt to total capital was 51%, and net debt to total capital was 50%. First quarter cash flow reflects the normal seasonal pattern where we typically see lower income and smaller cash flow in the first half, with both of them stronger in the second half. Looking ahead and as outlined in Slide 8, we continue to take aggressive actions to drive both our top and bottom lines, expanding our market share and customer penetration among major accounts, leveraging our positions in key growth markets in food, water, energy and health care as we work to offset continued generally soft global conditions. We expect to show sales growth and margin expansion again in the second quarter driven by innovation, pricing, merger synergies and better operating efficiencies. And we expect to deliver on these aggressive goals while building future growth. We expect adjusted second quarter 2013 diluted earnings per share to increase 13% to 18% to the $0.81 to $0.85 range compared with the adjusted earnings per share of $0.72 earned last year. We look for continued double-digit growth over the balance of the year and expect full year 2013 adjusted earnings per share, including expected Champion accretion, in a range of $3.45 to $3.55 per share, representing 16% to 19% growth. In summary, we once again delivered on our forecast in the first quarter while offsetting higher delivered product cost and the weaker economy, while further investing in our future. We look for better sales growth and continued double-digit profit gains in the second quarter, as well as for the full year 2013 as we drive to produce yet another strong year and build for our future. And now, here's Doug Baker with his comments on the quarter.
Douglas M. Baker: Right. First of all, obviously, a very, very strong EPS quarter, which is what we anticipated, hence, the range we had given. We would characterize the sales quarter, I guess I would, as mediocre. The reported 2% I don't think really reflects our underlying rate. We would estimate that to be north of 4%. The differences between the reported 2% and our underlying estimate has really been driven by year-on-year challenge in terms of comparison. Last year, we had a very strong sales quarter. And even at that time, we talked that it was really driven a couple points higher by onetime events in Institutional and Energy. We also saw a sizeable inventory reduction this year in Institutional, EMEA in particular, and clearly, overall, the 4% rate, 4% plus is really, I think, partially reflecting a difficult economy. And we expect the economy to remain difficult for the balance of the year. Good news in the quarter. We saw improving results in both new business and innovation. We know this will drive top line improvement going forward. We closed on the Champion deal, and that is also off to a very strong start from an integration standpoint. So all told, our performance in the quarter has put us in a good position to deliver a very good year. So going forward, our expectations, we expect sales acceleration, better sales reported and continued improvement in the underlying rate. We expect continued strong synergy delivery. We expect good margin performance. Net, we continue to forecast a strong year, made even stronger by Champion. So for the year, our EPS estimate, including Champion, is 16% to 19% growth. So with that, I'll hand it back to Mike for some housekeeping duties. Then we'll do Q&A.
Michael Monahan: Our remarks. A final before Q&A. We plan to hold our annual tour of our booth at the National Restaurant Association Show in Chicago next month on May 20. Looking further ahead, we also plan to hold our 2013 Investor Day in St. Paul on September 12. If you have any questions, please contact my office. Operator, would you please begin the question-and-answer period?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question does come from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Doug, can you comment on the competitive intensity in the U.S. institutional market in the quarter? Any changes that you're seeing from Diversey or others?
Douglas M. Baker: No, not materially different. I wouldn't say that's what's really coloring the quarter from an Institutional standpoint. U.S., when we look at it, we would say the underlying rate there is around 4% in Institutional in North America. I think that's more a reflection of continued softness in the market. We still continue to win in terms of gains and losses, and are, we believe, gaining share overall. So I think the Institutional business is doing decently in a lousy environment.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And just briefly, Doug, how did Champion do in Q1, sales and earnings?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, double digit on both, so in line with where we expected. So I think we've talked about this combined business run rate in the 12%, 13% range and we saw that maybe a little north from Champion. So that's what we expect to see going forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Nate Brochmann with William Blair.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Doug, wanted to talk a little bit, you were just mentioning towards the end of your comments expecting some sales acceleration throughout the second half of the year here. Is that just based on the counts being a little bit easier relative to 1Q? Or is there additional new business in the pipeline, particularly maybe in -- within the Energy segment that's going to be coming on? Or just other things that you could provide a little bit more color on there.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, yes, it's certainly both. I think if we just stood still, which I don't think is possible in business, we would certainly see improved reported sales numbers in the out quarters because you do have an artificially high comparison quarter-on-quarter in the first quarter. But I think it's also important that, yes, we see momentum in terms of new business. Productivity, we see that in all of our core businesses. So we feel good about those efforts. We've got a number of new innovations that take time to roll out throughout the year. Yes, specifically in Energy. We would have viewed Energy on a normalized basis to be certainly in the range we talked about in Q1 of 12%-, 13%-type performance, is what we really saw when we look at the underlying trends in energy. So that's going to come through, and that's what our expectation for the year is in Energy, is a double-digit top line and bottom line performance pre-Champion. And then obviously, when you add Champion, you got a bigger base. And we would expect the same on a pro forma basis when you have the Champion on top of it.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And then just related to that, how are you guys viewing Europe right now in terms of the environment? Obviously, you mentioned it's still soft. Is it getting a little bit softer? Is it kind of maintaining where it's at? And what are you guys doing to be able to continue to gain share over there?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, Europe's -- Europe, if anything, and I think we talked about this in the last call. I mean, risk -- Europe, we view it as we had a bias that was negative, certainly, going in. And I'd say Europe is softer than last year. No doubt about it. I guess for the quarter, our Europe business is down a couple of points. If we look at the legacy Ecolab business, we were still able to increase margin by over 200 points in the quarter. Some of that is it's a very small quarter in terms of profit contribution. I mean, just in terms of numbers. We don't expect 200 basis points for the year, but we are still quite confident that we're going to exceed the 100-basis-point commitment that we made at the beginning of the year for this year in Europe, just looking at legacy. If I look at Europe in total for the year, I think when we add the WPS and Energy business in there, we would expect modest sales increase for the year and pretty good OI margin increase, north of 100 basis points in total.
Operator: The next question comes from Gary Bisbee with Barclays.
Gary E. Bisbee - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just wanted to ask a question on the new segments. Can you give a sense to how, with the Industrial and Institutional segments, how we should think about the mix on a global basis? Is one of them much more overseas than the other? How do we think about Europe versus Asia versus Latin America? Are they pretty similar? Is there any real difference we might think about in forecasting?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I don't have the -- we'll get you a mix breakdown by geography. Institutional is going to be heavier in the U.S. just given the size of the U.S. Institutional business. My guess is industrial and Energy are going to be more on the balance side. In total, we're 50% U.S., roughly, 50% outside of the U.S. So we'll give you a breakdown by area.
Gary E. Bisbee - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then I guess the follow-up, the distributor shipments timing issue, which you'd cited, seems like the big reason that Institutional slowed down. But how do we think about the Industrial business? And given that Water's been struggling relative to the long-term 6%-to-8% targets you've put out there, when do get back to that, I guess, is really the question?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, so I guess the Water business, if we split out what's reported. So we have Water and Paper split out. And within Water, you've got 2 fundamental businesses. You've got, what I'll call core Water and you have mining. Mining in the first quarter going against a very strong first quarter, and I'd also say a tough market, mining was off 7%, and was also off on a like amount on operating income. If you look at the core Water business, it's growing. It's not growing at the 6% to 8%. We do believe that the core Water business is going to accelerate throughout the year. We're having -- we have a lot of momentum on new business in that area right now. We like what we're seeing in a number of areas, but we're also changing the focus, and we have de-emphasized large-cap build projects, which were part of the Water mix previously, because we really didn't like them from a return standpoint. Fundamentally, they took a lot of capital and didn't have much margin. It's not a great business equation. We want more emphasis on the annuity type equation where we know we can have sustained economic growth for the company and frankly, drive great improvement for our customers. So this move, the de-emphasization, if you will, of that business is going to weigh a little bit on the top line but not on the bottom line because we really didn't make any money there. So we adjust for that in the last year basis, which we talked about. Water is growing at about a 4% clip right now and has double-digit OI performance. We think that gets better as we go throughout the year. So we think water is in decent shape. We aren't going to be happy till it's in the 6% to 8% organic, and we think we start building towards that by year-end.
Operator: The next question comes from John McNulty with Crdit Suisse.
John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: With regard to pricing, you indicated you had about 1% price kind of on average for the quarter. How does that break out by segment between Industrial, Institutional and Energy, if there is any difference?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. So John, this is Doug. I'm just digging out our pricing chart. So if I look in total, it was a little north of 1% but around 1%, so guess what, it wasn't 1.5%. And as we look at it, a little stronger in Institutional than Industrial, but they're both -- they're not very far apart. There's really not big delta amongst any of these guys, right, 50 basis points. So everybody is north of 1%.
John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And with regard to raw material pressures and the cost there, how should we think about that by segment as well? And then kind of comparing that to the pricing that you're seeing, which I guess, does look like it's relatively stable.
Douglas M. Baker: I guess how we feel is we're going to be able, in almost every segment, to have pricing more than cover. Basically, we're in a catch-up year right now. So we see very modest raw material pricing pressure for the year, and we believe pricing is going to more than cover that. In total, we see gross profit increasing for the year, and it's really a story principally of pricing swamping raws and catching up versus what we experienced last year. So we don't believe that's going to be, at this point based on our forecast, any kind of headline story for the year.
Operator: The next question comes from Edward Yang with Oppenheimer.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: I think you mentioned that you saw some destocking again in this quarter. Was that in the Institutional business? And was that in Europe or North America?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, in the big disk, it was a little bit in both but more material in Europe, which was, I'd say, not all that usual in terms of a percent. And so you had kind of a onetime event. Even with that said, that was principally in the Institutional business, that business is certainly under market pressure. Now we're also, I would say, working very hard on the bottom, the contracts which have the lowest profitability, i.e., where we might even lose money. And so we're doing some self-induced trimming of our sales forecast there, as we are working hard to make sure that we drive profitability in Europe at this point in time. And I think we're having success. So big, big move in Europe, onetime. We don't expect it to see it to repeat. Last year -- in North America, it's more a year-on-year delta. Last year, reported sales in Institutional were like 6%, and I think we talked at that time it was inventory moving in our favor.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And in relation to the earlier question on Europe, qualitatively, it sounded like you were a bit more confident, at least in your own ability to drive margin expansion. I think last year, you had 200 basis points plus of margin expansion, but the decline in the market in Europe shaved off about 100 basis points and you're up 200 basis points, you mentioned, in the first quarter. But qualitatively, you sounded more confident that you could exceed that 100-basis-point target. Am I reading more into it? Or is there anything that's changed that's giving you more control over the margin expansion in Europe this year versus the prior year?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I guess I'm confident that we're going to exceed our 100-basis-point forecast sitting here right now. Part is I'm a little over 1/3 of the way through the year, or 1/3 of the way through the year. And as we look at how our efforts are impacting the P&L, I guess we have confidence that we can overcome the softness that we see in the market. Will this year exceed last year in terms of margin improvement? My guess is it probably will. It's not going to be -- we don't believe it's going to be 200 basis points. It'll be probably north of 100. My guess is below 150 but in that camp.
Operator: The next question comes from David Ridley-Lane with Merrill Lynch.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Sure. Just following up on the comments around gross margins being up for 2013. Does that include the impact of Champion? Or was that on an x Champion basis?
Douglas M. Baker: Included. It's the underlying business pre-Champion. So you're going to have underlying [indiscernible] from Champion.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, got it. And then have you seen any change among the Energy specialty chemical competitors like Baker Hughes? Or is that a bit too early to see that anyway?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I mean, we closed 20 days ago. I don't -- I think certainly, it's not new news to anyone that we are working to put together Nalco Energy Services and Champion, and certainly competition has had to take notice. We have not seen significantly different activity from a competitive standpoint as a result.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And then maybe just if I could squeeze in one more. In the first quarter, the Industrial segment's operating margin was up quite nicely. I'm familiar with the actions you're taking in the Paper subsegment there, but are there other actions you're taking in Industrial that are helping to drive that? Or is it mostly just a story about the Paper segment?
Douglas M. Baker: No. We probably throughout the segment, we had core Water improve profitability, Paper improve profitability, F&B improve profitability. So it was pretty much across the board as you have a number of things. We've got sales growth driving F&B, and I think just smart margin play. You've got core Water. I talked about what's going on there, and I think the way we're managing mix is going to benefit us for the long term. And so that business, I think, has got the right idea. Paper, in a very difficult environment last year, enhanced profitability quite well, and we believe that continues throughout this year. So I believe the strength there is pretty strong and across the board.
Operator: The next question comes from Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Couple of questions if I can. First of all, just a bookkeeping question. Can you talk about what the share count will be in the second quarter after the Champion deal close? It's going to be in the neighborhood of $308 million -- 308 million shares still?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, 307 million.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: 307 million, okay. Second question. If you look at your commentary on the energy market and the upstream business doing well, and the downstream being a little bit soft, from what I remember, Champion is mostly upstream. So aside from just a delta of adding Champion, would you expect, on a pro forma basis, this segment to be growing faster because of the increased upstream concentration?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I mean, I think it's a favorable mix. So Champion is a 100 -- it's 0% downstream because their downstream business, which was quite small, we did not acquire. And so 100% of what we're adding is in the, either the well drilling and additives and/or the upstream. And so those businesses have been performing and growing at a faster clip. They will be now larger as a percent of the overall Energy and/or overall percentage of Ecolab. So yes, we think it's favorable from a mix standpoint.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: It's unusual to see the Water business being down in revenues for Nalco in sort of outside of a disastrous economics scenario. You talked about mining being down 7%. Was the rest of the core Water -- you said it was growing, but was it growing just barely? I didn't realize that mining was that big of a part of water treatment. So can you talk a little bit about other markets that may be holding back the growth in Water in the quarter?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I think, Dmitry, you've got funny comparisons. North American water, right, even pre, grew at about 4%, little better and had very, very strong operating income performance. Really, if we do adjustments, we try to look and understand what our underlying rates are. Our belief is the business globally, Water x mining, when we get out of this, stop doing this big capital play and some of the other stuff which we think doesn't fundamentally help drive the business ultimately from a profit standpoint, when we adjust for that and look at the underlying stuff, we believe it's growing at about a 4% clip x mining. And I think that's probably the best measure of it. So if I come and tell you we're growing 3% next quarter, it's going to look like improved on a reported basis. But that would be a slowdown versus where we think we are right now. That's not what I expect to tell you next quarter, by the way. So we think it's in the 4% area. So some of this is a very minor remodel on our part of the business we acquired in terms of changing emphasis. And so we're going to go through a couple of quarters where it's going to look a little worse than it actually is, but we think this is the right move because I really -- we don't like the business that we're de-emphasizing. We don't think it's strategically right. We don't think it's a good return on capital. We don't think it's important to our long-term competitiveness. And so we'd rather go through the optic noise right now because we know this is the right thing to do for the business and what we're trying to do is be transparent on it. So margins are improving, OI performance is very solid in the quarter, and we expect to be solid for the year. So the Water business, we think, will come through this in a stronger profit position and a stronger focus position.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Got it. Okay. The 29% tax rate you reported in the first quarter, what should we think about it for the balance of the year when you add Champion?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I think for the year, we're saying about the same. I think typically, the tax area, we're going to be a little conservative on forecasting. I would forecast the same even with Champion. It takes a while to understand what the tax opportunities are because you've got to dig pretty deep, and you need to be inside the company to understand what smart plays are and sustainable plays.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, but it shouldn't be increasing?
Douglas M. Baker: No.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then final question on just on Paper. You had this business for about a year. You weren't excited about it when you got it. You've obviously done some things to improve the profitability with which makes it potentially a more appealing divestiture. Any updates on sort of how you view this business longer term? And what -- if you are waiting for a decision, exactly what will be driving that decision? Is it growth rates? Is it margin opportunity? At what point will you be satisfied that this business is as good as it's going to get, and it's probably going to be better with somebody else?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I guess the easy answer is we'll leave an immediate decision to make that decision. I would say, the paper business right now is part of our portfolio. We are driving it for long-term benefit. We are making sure that our customer and product mix makes sense for us. I think the Paper team is doing a very good job. So obviously, we haven't been driving for optical perfection. We've been going through and cutting cruddy contracts and making sure that we've got business relationships that will sustain our ability to continue to invest in the business. I think the ultimate answer, I think, on any business in our portfolio on fit, I would say 2 things: if we run this out and look at our portfolio, we think it is, by and large, in very, very good shape. And I will also say if you start mucking around and moving one out or the other, it does not have a material difference in what we think our performance is going to be over the next 5 years. So our real emphasis right now in across the portfolio is execution excellence. Get on new business, get on innovation, get on driving the team to do the things that we know drive performance, and that's the mantra. So we went through a very successful integration year last year. What we really tried to do is minimize outside distractions, and so our whole focus is driving the businesses we own for maximum performance, both near term and long term. And that's really the company focus. And I don't want to do things that are going to detract that.
Operator: The next question comes from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Two quick questions. First, on CapEx as a run rate. How are you looking at the next 2 to 3 years for a CapEx run rate on the integrated portfolio?
Douglas M. Baker: I think if you're doing the model, 5% to 5.5% of sales is in that camp. Pick the midpoint.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And separately, as you look across the portfolio now, how are you thinking about opportunities to improve free cash flow conversion over the next, call it, 3 to 5 years?
Douglas M. Baker: One, I think even this year, it's going to be free cash flow. Our cash flow's going to be very positive compared to net income and all the rest. We talked about last year, first half of last year was a very unusual period where you had this disproportioned amount of special charges and other things hitting a low profit period. So I think as we go forward, I think just, one, drive OI margin. It is the #1 driver of returns and of capital or of free cash. Two, we will be smarter stewards of working capital. And I think there's opportunity there, but I think the big needle mover is driving the business and driving OI and tax rate and those conversion factors.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Harrison with First Analysis.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: Doug, without ranting too much about the state of U.S. Antitrust policy, can you just give us some additional details on what was delaying the Champion acquisition for so long? It seems like you agreed to divest the downstream piece pretty early, and then it took quite a bit longer to get to agreement on the deepwater pieces that you had to get rid of.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Well, okay, I promise not to rant. I would say, I don't think businesses and the DOJ are supposed to see eye to eye on all these things. You're naturally set up to have differing views. So I guess that's probably not a big surprise that we had a differing view there. I think that's the way it's set up. With that said, I think the length of time was really that the area of concern for the DOJ was clearly Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, hence, the focus of the remedy. And then it was coming up with a remedy that satisfied, I think, conditions that the Department of Justice had laid out and doing it in a way that fundamentally could work. And that just -- that took some time. And I think we ended up satisfying their criteria and their requirements that they laid out very early and doing so in a way that certainly had an impact in our Deepwater Gulf of Mexico business but didn't have -- didn't resonate outside of that area of concern for the DOJ, i.e. it didn't impair us in other parts of the world or other markets. And that just took longer than we all hoped. I think the resolution, I'd rather not have had to do anything, of course. But I think the resolution has left us with a still very, very favorable deal from an economic, strategic, competitive standpoint.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: All right. And then just on the Food & Beverage side, is the FEMSA acquisition fully integrated at this point? And can you maybe, talk about how that acquisition improves your prospects in Latin American Food & Beverage?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. No, it's not completely integrated. I mean, it's still relatively new. What we think -- the long saga here is we have desired this business for a long, long period of time. We think it improves our position in a very important market. It extends our reach in important customers, enhances our ability to meet customer needs because it gives us a bigger footprint. I think that this is a perfect type of bolt-on acquisition that we seek, when we seek acquisitions like this. So I think this is going to be a very positive move for us. Our F&B team has been doing a great job in Latin America. I just think this gives them a bigger platform upon which to perform. So I would expect great things out of them.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Ritzenthaler with Piper Jaffray.
Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Just I guess one question for me. If you could elaborate a little bit more, Doug, on Healthcare, which has been a key growth market for you that we've discussed in the past. Is the growth this quarter just optics on strong growth last year and therefore, kind of a temporary air pocket in terms of the long-term positive growth trend? Or is it more of an artifact of breaking through the procurement practices at the health care providers?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I guess what I would say, look, Healthcare is still an important business for us, and we still are excited about its growth prospects. So you referenced the base. Last year was a very good year. Healthcare was up about 12% in sales and almost high 20s in terms of OI last year. It had a very strong year. In '13, I guess, we expected stronger balance of the year than we saw in the first quarter, more of second half than first half. And we expect a decent full year; mid-single-digits growth, which is really reflective of organic growth; double-digit OI performance for the year. And so the drivers here, the health care environment is not ideal, either in North America or U.S. where we've got our large footprints. We think that may be the case for a couple of years. We don't think it is forever. We think we can still drive double-digit OI even in a lousy environment. So we think it's a positive contributor and quite accretive. And so, really, the story is going to be new business has got to swamp lousy environment, and they're on it and driving it, both in Europe and here. We've got very good innovation, brand-new hand care platform going out, strengthening our ability in central sterile and others. So long term, we like the fundamentals. We think this year will be solid, not spectacular. But ultimately, that market starts curing and certainly that market's a little upside down if you look at other health care earnings reports, right? Nobody's knocking it out of the park.
Operator: The next question comes from John Quealy with Canaccord Genuity.
John Quealy - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Just one quick question. Can we just review again why the focus on increasing field -- the field sales force in the Energy business line right here? And then how long will it take? Is it more of a productive focus on getting the Champion and the core Nalco businesses done? Or is it protecting some channel conflict? Just trying to get a little bit more color on why you're breaking that out this quarter.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I think we talked about it. Simply, we've been increasing our field capabilities there. We've certainly adjusted our thinking once we announced Champion, but that was really fourth quarter of last year. So we're talking year-on-year comparisons in terms of field sales and the like. And so I guess I shared with you we've got very strong sales performance in our OFC, in our well business, and it's really muted somewhat by our downstream business. But we're investing in those businesses, and so we think the underlying sales rate in Energy was in the 12% to 13% rate in Q1, but we had a reported 7%. When you got that kind of dislocation, you can have some funny optics in terms of OI. I guess, I would just tell you that it's a 13-week period. That business is in good shape. It's going to deliver double-digit top and bottom line, and it just got bigger.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Doug, just once more on Energy. I guess, it looks like sequentially, you'd see a pretty dramatic pickup to get to that double-digit revenue run rate. So is there something about lumpiness in order trends in that business that expressed itself in the first quarter and comes back in the second quarter? And then you mentioned throwing more cost to the business. Is this purely headcount? Or are there some other costs that you're incurring?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I mean, look, the biggest issue you've got is, we had a reported 29% growth rate last year in the first quarter, and then it was in the teens for the balance of the year. So it's like a 10-point delta versus the next quarter. That is, frankly, the biggest part of the story. The underlying business and the absolute sales growth rate -- sales rate we think are very much in line with a teens-type delivery for the year, if you look at any more normalized year and normalized seasonality patterns. So we don't see any big hockey-stick ramp up or anything unusual. So the pattern is more normalized than it might appear, and it's really an unusual first-quarter comparison.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just -- I can clarify that. I meant last year, you had sequential growth of 2% first to second. If we normalized that first quarter, it would appear to be more of a high-single, low-double digit typical sequential move.
Douglas M. Baker: Sorry?
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I'll ask you offline. And then, what about the cost basis in Energy that you mentioned? Is that headcount or is there more to it, the upfront investments?
Douglas M. Baker: No. It's mostly headcount.
Operator: Next question comes from John Roberts [ph] with UBS.
Unknown Analyst: Just a clarification question. Is mining a core part of Water, and it's just down? Or is it lumped with those other questionable areas of Water?
Douglas M. Baker: Mining's a core business, and it's a business that's been quite successful, and we anticipate will be very successful going forward. We only pull it out because mining is certainly more cyclical than the balance of the Water portfolio that you see in there. And so for us, we look at it with and without mining, and so we offer that as an understanding. Mining is under a little pressure, but we believe the business is going to perform well again this year.
Unknown Analyst: And then could you just give us a sense of the dispersion in the sales performance across some of the regional businesses? Was the weakest business European Institutional or was it European Paper? Or what was the weakest and what was the strongest? Was it the Global -- something in the Global Specialty looks like it would have been the strongest in some region?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, if I normalize for oddities in last year, which -- look, we won't talk about it anymore. Last year was our first quarter. You had all kinds of things going on, but I would say that the underlying worst business performance would have been, most likely, Institutional Europe. I mean, just foundational underlying performance. Under the most pressure, probably not a real surprise, but that would have been, if I normalize the other stuff, the red spot on our heat map.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Wittmann with Baird.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Maybe I missed this is in the prepared remarks, but can you just update us on how you're thinking about the share repurchase now? I know we kind of -- you had to do the Champion deal strategically. But where does the share repurchase fit in? Is that something that you're feeling highly motivated to do? Or do you want to delever a little bit more before you approach that? Can you just give us some -- the philosophy there?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. No, we're committed to execute the remaining part of our share repurchase, which is roughly $280 million. And I think what we've said is we'll complete it by year-end. And we'll continue to work to be smart stewards of that money because it's shareholder money.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And just in terms of Nalco on the revenue synergy side. This year, you've got a much higher benchmark than 0. Doug, I was hoping you could give us some view on kind of what you feel like you've delivered? And how you feel you're tracking for this year.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Our target this year would be $75 million. I would say based on the stronger-than-expected start last year, I'd take the over, not the under on performance against that $75 million. I guess most importantly, we believe we are tracking to the $500 million that we talked about when we did the deal.
Operator: The next question comes from Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just one question. I wanted to ask from an operational standpoint, with the delay of the Champion acquisition a number of times through the quarter, does that change anything operationally, internally with your guys in terms of impacting any of the growth rates or the way that they plan their time or the way that they're going to execute in their business?
Douglas M. Baker: No, not materially. I would say it's certainly -- I mean, look, we've gotten a delayed start in getting after the activity that drives, right, what we call synergies and/or OI performance. And so that's always going to be back-half loaded or it takes time to develop, which is why our original $0.12 forecast turned into a $0.07 forecast, because we lost a little over 4 months, right, or 3 months, 3-plus months. And so that's really the story there as we go through it. Otherwise, no, I would say their execution's on. We worked hard to use that time wisely. I think the teams hit the blocks running. I mean, they're doing a very good job, they're on this. We're almost done. We will be this week with the kind of kickoff opening introductory meetings around the globe. And I think we've got a very clear line of sight of what the big activity areas are to drive value.
Operator: The next question comes from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
Eric Petrie: This is Eric Petrie in for P.J. Just in Energy, are double-digit sales and operating income sustainable in 2014? Or would you suspect some deceleration? We would think that enhanced oil recovery and upstream investment may slow with lower oil prices.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I would -- I guess our belief, when we look at our portfolio and what we have with Champion now, we expect double-digit sales and operating income next year too.
Eric Petrie: Okay. And then you said Champion was...
Douglas M. Baker: On a pro forma basis assuming we own Champion for the full year here. We're not trying to capture the 3-month gain.
Eric Petrie: Okay. And then you noted Champion was on the higher end of that range. In terms of that growth, was all of that organic? Or did they also partake, historically, in M&A or bolt-on acquisition?
Douglas M. Baker: No. I believe that was 100% organic. I don't believe there was any M&A in there. If it was, it was so de minimis, we haven't figured it out yet.
Operator: The next question comes from Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli and Company.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: I will be quick. Just a little clarification. When you look at your estimate for 2013 and the fact that you are planning to complete the $280-million share repurchase by year-end, which amounts to about 3.4 million shares, are you calculating that estimate, Doug, with the share repurchase that you are planning to accomplish? Or is it based on the 307 million shares that you have currently?
Douglas M. Baker: No. The $280-million buyback is in our calculation, is in our EPS estimate.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then if we look at the Champion contribution, so $0.07 this year. Is it fair to look at $0.15 next year, another $0.15 in '15, and then the last $0.13 in 2016 to get to the full $0.50? Is that kind of a good way of spreading it?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Why don't we redo and give our synergy targets by year. So this year, it's $25 million; '14, we expect $80 million; $125 million in '15; and then realize the full $150 million in '16.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. And at this stage, of course, it is too early to know whether that $150 million is kind of the top of what you can get. Correct?
Douglas M. Baker: We're not changing our estimate right now, no. And I think I said when we gave the $150 million, that $150 million as a percent of the deal is a much more aggressive number than the $150 million obviously was for the overall Nalco deal. So our original estimate for Nalco was $150 million, which we quickly took up to $250 million, I mean, within months. I don't -- you're not going to see a move like that here. Whether our estimate is going to change at all, I don't know. It's 20 days.
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Lawley [ph] with Barclays.
Unknown Analyst: Just quickly on the balance sheet side, could you maybe the just walk us through what the final financing for the Champion acquisition was? You did your $500-million bond issuance, but given that Slide 7 is as of the end of March, just walk us through what the balance sheet's going to look like, I guess, here at the end of April.
Michael Monahan: Yes, this is Mike Monahan. As you know, back in December, we secured $0.5 billion of 5-year debt. We took down $900 million in bank term loan, and the balance was through commercial paper.
Unknown Analyst: And the total number from cash proceeds, if I'm correct, is $1.7 billion, with the rest being equity. Is that right?
Michael Monahan: That's right.
Unknown Analyst: Got it. And then, again, as of March on Slide 7 or your cash balance, it looks a little bit high. Is some of that because there's commercial paper drawn, and you're going to use some of that cash balance? Just so as we think about the...
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. We were getting prepared to close on Champion.
Unknown Analyst: Okay, great. And then just one last one for me. Could you just, I guess, talk about, again, leverage targets and then just plans for deleveraging as we move through next couple of years? Has any of that changed as we sit here today from your previous targets of single A and 2x?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. They remain the same. It's to get down 2x debt to EBITDA ratio by end of 2014.
Unknown Analyst: And debt repayment remains a very high priority on your kind of cash priorities at this point other than maybe your $280 million of remaining share repurchases?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I would say it's exactly in line with what we previously forecast. So, yes.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeffrey Stafford with Morningstar.
Jeffrey Stafford - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Now that the Water business and Food & Beverage are in the same segment, I was hoping you could give an update on the cross-selling opportunity between these 2 businesses? I think before the companies combined, Nalco provided water treatment services to something like 20% of Ecolab's Food & Beverage customers. Has that percentage significantly changed now that you've had Nalco for a little while? Or is that still a longer-term proposition?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I guess, actually what we said was Nalco provided to 20% of the total food & beverage universe. That wasn't a complete overlap on what Ecolab was providing in that universe. We would say it's a pretty rich target area. The reason we were ahead on synergy sales last year was principally because this marriage is as attractive to customers as we thought it would be. We are developing technologies where we do an even better job leveraging 3D TRASAR, which is a legacy Nalco technology, which we are building into our core F&B portfolio, which is going to allow, if you will, kind of a synergistic view for our customers across the CIP cleaning in place platform of F&B as it moves towards wastewater, so that we know how to repurpose water, how we can minimize water and how we can do a number of other things. So it's going to end up to be, what I will call as a single offering that gives us much better visibility for our customers. And that's exactly what we're developing. When that's out, I think we're going to see even more dramatic improvement in the synergy sales.
Operator: The next question comes from Gary Bisbee with Barclays.
Gary E. Bisbee - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just one quick follow-up. I wanted to get from you the amortization from Champion. Is that going to be within the Energy segment? Or is that going to be broken out in Corporate like it was with the Nalco amortization?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. We'll break it out in Corporate simply because we want to understand what the underlying business is doing.
Operator: I would now like to go ahead and turn the call over back over to Mr. Monahan for closing comments.
Michael Monahan: Well, that wraps up our first quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated slides will be available for replay on our website. Thanks for your time and participation, and our best wishes for the rest of the day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference call. The call has concluded. You may go ahead and disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-26 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Monahan - Senior Vice President of External Relations Douglas M. Baker - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Gary E. Bisbee - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC Alina Khaykin  David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Robert Walker - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Eric Petrie Angel Castillo Malpica - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the Ecolab Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Michael Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Monahan: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's fourth quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO. A copy of our earnings release and the accompanying slides referenced in this teleconference are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements on Slide 2, stating this teleconference and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are discussed on the section of our most recent Form 10-Q under Item 1A, Risk Factors, in our fourth quarter earnings release and on Slide 2. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. In addition, as mentioned on Slide 2 of this conference call, does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. Also, please note that in order to provide a meaningful comparison of our operating performance, where applicable, actual results for the fourth quarter of 2012 are compared against pro forma results for the fourth quarter of 2011. The pro forma results are based on the historical consolidated financial statements of Ecolab and Nalco and were prepared to illustrate the effects of our merger with Nalco. These pro forma statements are available on our website at ecolab.com/investor, as well as our Form 8-K filed April 27, 2012, and selected portions are contained in our slides and press release. Starting with an overview in Slide 3. We delivered strong results in the fourth quarter, despite continuing economic headwinds and higher delivered product cost. We leveraged improved sales volume, pricing, our synergy and cost efficiency work to produce our 10th year of double-digit adjusted EPS growth out of the last 11. Looking ahead, we expect to continue to outperform our markets and show double-digit earnings gains in the first quarter and the full year. And solid sales growth, appropriate pricing, innovation, synergies and margin leverage more than offset increased delivered product costs. Moving to some highlights from the fourth quarter and as discussed in our press release, reported fourth quarter earnings per share were $0.77. On an adjusted basis, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items from both years, fourth quarter 2012 earnings per share increased 27% to $0.89. The adjusted earnings per share growth was driven by volume and pricing gains, new products and new accounts, which along with synergies and cost savings actions, more than offset higher delivered product cost. We enjoyed strong gains in Global Energy, Latin America and our worldwide Kay operations. We continue to be aggressive focusing on top line growth. We are emphasizing our innovative product and service strengths to help customers get better results and lower costs. And through these, drive new account acquisition across all of our customer segments. We also continue to implement appropriate price increases to help offset higher delivered product costs in investments in our business. We remain focused on expanding our margins, emphasizing productivity and efficiency improvements to help increase profitability, as well as drive merger synergies. We also continue to make investments in key growth businesses to sustain our technology and sales and service leadership positions. Our work to integrate Nalco and Ecolab have gone very well. One year into the merger, we are delivering on or ahead of plan on our cost and growth synergy targets. Our agreement to acquire Champion Technologies, announced October 12, continues under review by the Department of Justice. We remain in active discussions with them and believe we are nearing a resolution and still expect to close in the first quarter, but have nothing further to report at this time. While economic trends present ongoing challenges, we continue to look for the first quarter to show further sales gains and margin improvement. First quarter adjusted EPS is expected to increase 12% to 20% to the $0.56 to $0.60 range in compare against adjusted EPS of $0.50 as business growth and the increasing benefits from synergies and cost reductions more than offset soft economies, the higher delivered product and pension cost, the sale of Vehicle Care in comparison against a strong quarter last year. We continue to expect full year 2013 adjusted earnings per share, excluding expected Champion accretion, in the range of $3.38 to $3.48, representing 13% to 17% base growth with Champion accretion improving on that. In summary, we expect the first quarter to show another solid, double-digit earnings growth performance by Ecolab as we also make the key investments to drive superior results this year, as well as in the years ahead. Slide 4 shows our fourth quarter results, both as reported and pro forma, with adjustments for special gains and charges, while Slide 5 shows our sales growth detail. Ecolab's reported consolidated sales for the fourth quarter increased 65%. When compared with fourth quarter 2011 adjusted pro forma sales, which include the impact of Nalco in both years, Ecolab's fixed currency sales rose 7%. Looking at the pro forma of growth components, volume and mix increased 5%, pricing rose 2%, acquisitions and divestitures did not have a significant impact, and currency decreased sales by 1%; rounding accounts for the remaining difference. Reported sales for the U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing operations rose 2%. Adjusted for the transfer of water treatment-related businesses to the Global Water segment, U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing sales increased 5%. Institutional sales grew 5% in the fourth quarter. Sales initiatives of targeting new accounts and effective product and service programs continue to lead our results, outperforming mixed end markets. Lodging room demand continues to show modest growth while foodservice foot traffic remained soft. To drive our growth and improve on our industry leadership, we remain focused on new products that deliver increased value and reduce labor, water and energy cost for our customers in our warewashing, laundry and housekeeping markets. Programs we launched in 2012, like our next-generation warewashing platform called Apex2, have gained traction and have been well received in the marketplace. In the fourth quarter, we launched a new hard surface cleaning system for facilities managers. We also continued to increase our customer focus and service intimacy through sales force investments, simplified structures, national and local marketing initiatives and continued investment in field technology to help drive efficiency and service, as well as better align sales efforts. Though Institutional will face a tough comparison against a strong sales period in first quarter 2012, we expect our new sales initiatives and product innovation will enable Institutional to show steady sales improvement in the first quarter and better gains throughout the year as it once again significantly outperforms its markets in 2013. Kay's fourth quarter sales increased 12%. Quick Service sales enjoyed strong growth in the quarter from both large and small customers. The Food retail business grew at strong double-digit rates benefiting from several new customer additions. We look for continued good sales growth in the first quarter and another solid performance for Kay in 2013. Healthcare sales increased 4% as good gains in our patient temperature management business led results, benefiting in part as guidelines for patient management during surgical procedures gained greater acceptance. Healthcare's growth also benefited from our environmental hygiene and surgical barrier solutions for hospitals that help prevent the transmission of hospital-acquired infections. These more than offset continued softness in the overall U.S. Healthcare market. Looking ahead, first quarter sales are expected to show better growth as account gains, along with new products to be launched this year, will help drive sales and offset the challenging Healthcare environment. Food & Beverage sales grew 2%. Good gains in the dairy and food offset beverage or lower beverage and protein sales. Our market focus on improved customer penetration, along with our drive to provide Total Plant Assurance, offering comprehensive plant-wide Cleaning & Sanitizing, water treatment, wastewater and Pest Elimination solutions has enabled us to win new business and focus and -- pardon me, and offset slow conditions in the beverage and protein markets. When combined with our innovative products and our focus on lowering customer energy and water usage, we expect to see similar sales trends in the first quarter with better trends developing in the second half. Sales for U.S. Other Services rose 3% in the fourth quarter. Pest Elimination sales continue to show good trends, rising 3%. Growth was led by stronger gains in food processing and healthcare, improved results in foodservice segments and robust growth in add-on service sales. We continue to drive new product and program solutions to better meet our customer needs and differentiate our offerings. Programs launched in 2012 like the Expanded Large Fly Program and the new HotelProtect program with bed bug assurance offering have shown good results. We expect our new products and programs, along with aggressive selling and improved service levels, to yield continued good sales gains in 2013. Sales for GCS increased 5% in the quarter. New account wins helped to drive strong growth in service revenues, which were partially offset by soft parts sales resulting from a system change which is now complete. We continue to see good results from chain account relationships as we drive sales through their regional and franchise organizations. We expect GCS to continue to show improved results in the first quarter as we expect continued good service trends and improved parts sales to benefit results. Measured in fixed currencies, sales for International Cleaning, Sanitizing and Other Services increased 3%. Adjusted for the transfer of water treatment to the Global Water segment, fixed currency sales increased 5%. Europe, Middle East and Africa fixed currency sales rose 3% in the fourth quarter. Europe's Institutional fourth quarter sales declined versus last year. New business gains among regional and local customers leveraged new products, but were more than offset by soft market trends and continuing weak demand in the South. First quarter sales will also be lower than last year as the timing of distributor shipments and onetime sales last year, combined with soft end markets, impact the first quarter comparison. Food & Beverage sales rose modestly over last year reflecting market share gains, a focus on corporate accounts and the cost-savings benefits of our innovative products. These worked to offset lower customer volumes. Textile Care sales rose modestly in the fourth quarter. New account wins, new products and technology like lower temperature washing, more than offset soft market trends. These should also benefit 2013 along with a focus on improved account profitability that includes additional pricing and culling unprofitable accounts. Healthcare sales have showed solid organic growth in Europe led by new account gains and new products. Pest Europe sales showed good growth due to a continued focus on corporate accounts, new programs and operational improvements. Our work to improve operational efficiency in our Europe business continues to show good progress. We are further leveraging our shared services facility, transferring more work to Eastern Europe and offshoring. We also continue to consolidate facilities and improve procurement savings. We delivered more than 200 basis points of structural margin improvement in 2012, though the weak economy and raw material increases in Europe offset about half of those gains and operating income. As a result, EMEA's operating income margins increased by 110 basis points in 2012. We continue to expect EMEA's operating margins to improve to the low teens over the coming years, rising at around 100 basis points per year as the current economic challenges faced by Europe slow the pace of our progress. For 2013, we expect further substantial gains with margins expected to rise around 100 basis points as a result of our actions. Looking ahead, we expect Europe's first quarter to show flat fixed currency sales with strong profit improvement as it outperforms the continuing weak European business environment. Asia-Pacific sales grew 6% in fixed currencies. Better trends in China, along with strong growth in other emerging markets, served to offset slower growth in mature countries. Institutional sales showed solid sales growth, led by good account gains in fast-growing markets and by new product sales. Pest Elimination sales benefited from increased product penetration and account gains. Looking ahead, Asia-Pacific expects continued solid sales growth in the first quarter of 2013. Fourth quarter sales for Ecolab's Canadian operations increased 5% at fixed currency rates. Growth in the core businesses drove the solid results. Latin America reported continued strong double-digit fixed currency sales gains, up 19%. Adjusted for the Brazil Pest and Institutional acquisitions, Latin America grew 14% in fixed currencies as Institutional, Food & Beverage and Pest Elimination continue to grow at double-digit rates despite some slowing in Latin American markets. Fixed currency Global Water sales increased 3% in the fourth quarter compared with 2011 pro forma results. Good growth in Food & Beverage, Primary Metals, power and manufacturing were offset by a lower sales in mining. Regionally, we saw moderate growth in Asia, Latin America and North America. Europe grew modestly, reflecting the continued challenging economic conditions in that region. We continue to drive market penetration with innovative solutions to optimize water usage through technologies including 3D TRASAR for cooling towers, new commercial solutions for water recycling and reuse and applications for wastewater. We expect global water sales to be flat in the first quarter as gains in the Americas are offset by difficult markets and operating conditions in mining and Asia. Fourth quarter 2012 fixed currency global sales for paper increased 1%. Strong growth in Latin America and moderate growth in Asia and Europe was led by the use of innovative technology and was partially offset by the strategic reduction in low margin business and lower customer plant utilization rates in North America. We expect first quarter paper sales will decline modestly as the paper market shows continued weakness, primarily in North America. Measured in fixed currencies, pro forma energy sales grew 18%. The quarter reflected strong volume growth in upstream and market share gains in downstream. Strong double-digit growth in our upstream business was a result of healthy market conditions, share gains and a continued focus on higher growth energy sources. We saw a very strong growth in deepwater and shale accounts, continued momentum in oil sands, as well as strong activity in the Middle East, Africa and Latin America. Downstream business growth reflected share gains in Asia and Latin America. We expect 2013 base Energy segment growth, excluding the impact of Champion, to run above our long-term expected trend of 10% to 12% sales growth, driven by shale, continued strength in the deepwater and oil sands business and steady growth in downstream. But the pace will moderate from 2012's fast pace to closer to their long-term trend. We look for our first quarter 2013 sales to reflect this moderation, as well as reflect the comparison to a very strong quarter last year when sales rose 29%. Net, we expect first quarter Energy sales to rise in the upper single digits, excluding the impact from Champion, with much stronger organic sales growth in the following quarters. Slide 6 of our presentation shows selected income statements comparing reported 2012 with pro forma 2011 information to allow more meaningful comparisons. Fourth quarter gross margins were 46%. Adjusted for special charges, fourth quarter gross margins were 46.4%. When compared with fourth quarter 2011 adjusted pro forma results, 2012 gross margins continue to expand, increasing 80 basis points. The adjusted gross margin improvement primarily reflected the benefits of the volume and pricing gains, as well as merger synergies and cost efficiencies, which more than offset higher delivered product cost and the business mix impact of higher energy sales. Reported SG&A expenses represented 31.9% of fourth quarter sales. When compared with 2011 adjusted pro forma results, the 2012 SG&A expense ratio also continued to improve and declined 210 basis points. Leverage from the sales gains and cost-savings efforts, including merger synergies and Europe restructuring savings, led the improvement. Reported operating income for Ecolab's U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing segment rose 17%. Adjusted for the transfer of water treatment to the Global Water segment, operating income increased 15% with margins up 190 basis points when compared with fourth quarter 2011 pro forma operating income. Volume and pricing gains and cost synergies efficiencies led the increase. Operating income for U.S. Other Services declined 7%, as good results from Pests were offset by field investments, including EcoSure, and the completion in GCS of the parts distribution change. International fixed currency operating income increased 32% versus last year. Adjusted for the transfer of water treatment business to the Global Water segment, operating income increased 35%, with EMEA operating income up 48%. International margins improved 300 basis points, as pricing and volume gains and our Europe margin transformation efforts more than offset higher delivered product costs. Global Water operating income grew 37% in fixed currencies compared to pro forma results. Margins expanded 310 basis points, as pricing, volume gains and cost synergies led the increase versus a soft period last year before pricing actions began to benefit results. Global Paper operating income increased 72% in fixed currencies, which compared against depressed results and an unusually large bad debt last year. Excluding bad debt, operating income rose 57%. Pricing, synergies and the elimination of low-margin business drove the increase. Similar to water, these results compared with the weak period last year before pricing actions began to benefit results. Global Energy operating income grew 49% in fixed currencies. Margins expanded 350 basis points, led by the strong volume gain, operating leverage, pricing and synergies, which more than offset delivered product costs, investments in the business in comparison to last year, which included a sharp run up in raw material costs. We expect Energy's first quarter operating income will be similar to the prior year, reflecting the first quarter's lower volume growth, significant field investments and the business mix. We expect double-digit growth in the remainder of the year. The Corporate segment and tax rate are discussed in the press release. Reflecting the pending Champion transaction, we did not repurchase any shares during the fourth quarter. The net of this performance is that Ecolab reported fourth quarter diluted earnings per share of $0.77 compared with $0.34 reported a year ago. When adjusted for special gains and charges and discrete tax items in both years, adjusted earnings increased 27% to $0.89 when compared with $0.70 earned a year ago. Turning to Slide 7. Ecolab's balance sheet reflected the impact of the Nalco merger. Total debt to total capital was 52% at December 31 compared with 57% reported a year ago. Our net debt to total capital is 47%. The large cash portion -- position reflects cash related to the pending Champion purchase. Looking ahead, as outlined in Slide 8, we continue to take aggressive actions to drive both our top and bottom lines, expanding our market share and customer penetration among major accounts, leveraging our leadership positions in key growth markets in food, water, energy and healthcare, as we worked to offset continued generally soft global conditions. We expect to show margin expansion again in the first quarter, driven by sales growth, innovation, pricing, merger synergies and better operating efficiencies. And we expect to deliver on these aggressive goals while building growth for the future. As also described in our press release, we look for our first quarter results to show moderate pro forma sales gains as underlying growth remains good, but as our Energy business compares against strong prior year results. We expect that Energy will return to double-digit growth in the second quarter. However, we expect this first quarter comparison will result in approximately a $0.03 negative impact on first quarter EPS along with a previously mentioned impact from lower interest rates on our pension plan and the absence of Vehicle Care that will, together, cost an additional $0.03 per share in the first quarter of 2013. Despite these very substantial headwinds, many of which have an outsized impact on our seasonally smallest quarter, we still expect adjusted first quarter 2013 diluted earnings per share to increase 12% to 20% to the $0.56 to $0.60 range compared with the adjusted earnings per share of $0.50 earned last year. We look for continued double-digit growth over the balance of the year and expect full year 2013 adjusted earnings per share, excluding the expected Champion accretion, in the range of $3.38 to $3.48, representing a 13% to 17% base growth with Champion accretion improving upon that. As an update regarding our pending Champion acquisition, we received clearances from all required countries except the U.S. As mentioned earlier, we remain engaged and active in ongoing discussions with the U.S. Department of Justice regarding its review. We believe that we are nearing resolution of their issues and expect to close within the first quarter. We hope to have more information soon. We continue to expect that Champion acquisitions will be $0.50 accretive to 2016 and help us to build a stronger Energy business and a stronger Ecolab with better growth opportunities to achieve continued, consistent, predictable, above-average growth. We also want to let you know that consistent with our change to the Global business management structure, we'll begin reporting segment sales and operating income on a global basis for the Cleaning & Sanitizing businesses, including Institutional, Food & Beverage, Kay, Healthcare and Pest Elimination as outlined in Slide 9 beginning in the first quarter 2013. This will be on the same basis as water, paper and energy are currently reported, and we will present all of our businesses on the same global basis. This will not affect Ecolab's previously reported consolidated operating income or EPS, and we will issue annual and quarterly restated information prior to the first quarter release so you can see how this change will look in prior years. In summary, we once again delivered on our forecast in the fourth quarter while offsetting higher delivered product costs in the weaker economy while still investing in our future. We look for sales and profit growth to continue to show double-digit growth in 2013's first quarter and full year as we drive to produce yet another strong year and build for our future. And now, here's Doug Baker with a few comments on the quarter.
Douglas M. Baker: Just a couple of thoughts. First of all, Q4, I guess you would have to describe as a very good end to a very good year. First, we successfully drove integration all year, delivered $75 million in synergies as forecast. We had a lot of the heavy lifting behind us, reorganizations, relocations, comp and benefit changes and we feel good about that because while doing that, we continued to do a very good job driving the underlying business. So last year, our underlying business continued to perform very well. We had record new net corporate account business gains. We had very good customer retention metrics. Sales grew, and margins expanded in virtually every business. Europe was a huge net plus, particularly in the fourth quarter, up a reported 310 basis points. But if we adjust for what we consider onetime, it's still over 250 basis point improvement year-on-year. And Energy, as we all know, had an amazing year. So we exit in good shape, and we expect another very good year in 2013. The formula is going to be quite familiar, i.e., new business plus new innovation plus synergies are all designed to overcome what we consider still continued lousy markets. We expect 13% to 17% EPS growth next year to adjusted EPS growth. And again, a strong Energy performance in the low to mid-teen growth while top and bottom line for the year is going to be one of the key drivers, but also solid performance from all of our businesses, which is exactly what we realized last year. Here, more in the single-digit growth, but expanding margins to drive great leverage. All of the above continues to exclude the impact of Champion. We do expect Champion to close in the first quarter. And after it closes, we will then come back with our expected accretion impact from Champion for the year. But we'll wait until we close. So those are my opening thoughts. I'm going to pass it over to Mike to start Q&A.
Michael Monahan: Operator, would you please begin the Q&A process?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question does come from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Energy. Can you maybe give a little more color on the Q1 headwinds impacting earnings, and how they will reverse or be less in the back half of the year?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. The simple answer is we had 29% growth in Q1 of last year. So it's really mostly a story of the base and a comparison with the base. And really our expectation is -- so we even talked about that 29% as abnormal last year and not to expect that to continue in the second, third and fourth quarter of 2012. And we said expect high teens, which is exactly what we ended up delivering. This year, it is more low- to mid-teens expectation, but the first quarter, because of the comparison, is just going to be lower. However, if you start doing 2-year growth rates and everything else, it's going to be continued very good news, and we expect good things. That business is in very good shape.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Doug, just on Europe, is this Q4 result a real turn in the business that you've been looking, waiting for?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I think we always knew -- we did a little over 100 basis points last year improvement year-on-year in margin. That follows the 65 basis points in '11. So cumulative, we're up about 175 basis points for the 2 years. That's below the projection we made when we announced the Renaissance restructure January of '11. However, we also didn't predict the Europe crisis and all the rest. So yes, I think it is a clear sign that the programs we've implemented are making headway. That in spite of the sluggish economies, we're reporting sales growth, i.e., modest, a couple of points. But that couple points generated very sizable OI returns and growth as a result of the Renaissance work that we did. And so as Mike talked in his earlier comments, we expect another 100 basis point improvement this year, and we still see, in total, 1,000 basis points over the life of this program. It's just going to take more years to get as a result of the Europe crisis than it would have if we had a "more normal" European economic situation, but we feel great about it.
Operator: Next question comes from Nate Brochmann with William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Wanted to talk a little bit on the pricing on the raw material upfront, Doug. Obviously, you got a little bit of relief heading into the end of the year relative to the big pressures that you saw at the beginning of the year. Obviously, still getting a little pressure in the first quarter. What gives you the confidence looking out through the year that, again, you catch back up and that those raw material prices kind of abate?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, look you never -- I would say here's how we're treating it. Our best estimate is that it abates in the second half of the year. That's what we think is going to happen. Our plans assume that it won't happen. So we are out aggressively going after pricing and doing all the things that we know we need to do to make sure that we continue to manage the situation until it shows itself to be as benign as we forecast. So you have -- what you're going to do and you have what's your forecast, we try not to let the forecast influence us unduly. So my guess is it abates. If I'm wrong, we're still going to have it covered. If I'm right, I think we'll be even happier.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then just a follow up back on the kind of Europe front. You talked about your customer retention being pretty strong last year, which is obviously evident in the decent good performance there. How are you seeing the customer retention in Europe, particularly the pressures that everyone is facing, and given that you're still considered a premium-type product?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Well, we've done well in Europe. Frankly, all over the world, in terms of retention this year across our major businesses. I would say while our products are priced premium, we generally prove to be the lowest in-use cost because of the savings that we deliver in water, energy and the rest. And the longer people are with us, the more they understand the economic benefits of our programs. So we have historically been good at retaining customers, and I would say that's continuing. And we're having good success continuing to generate new customers. And you have to in this environment, because underneath the covers, if you will, we all know there's real softness in the economy. And so our version of same-store sales aren't going to be enough to drive the type of growth that we expect from ourselves.
Operator: Next question comes from Gary Bisbee with Barclays Capital.
Gary E. Bisbee - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess following up on that last point. Diversey was out recently mentioning a large North American hospitality customer win that they implied was from you. I wondered if you'd comment on that. Or if not, on that, just more broadly, how do you see, with them better capitalized and we hear hiring sales people in the marketplace again. How do you see them as a competitor? Has it changed much?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I guess, Gary, to answer, we have always had a great deal of respect for Diversey. The best way for us to show the respect is to likewise be a very aggressive competitor. We don't plan to change that. I would say in all cases, we track wins and losses against every major competitor that we have in all the businesses that we're in to a competitor. We had substantially more gains than losses last year. That would include Diversey. And that includes the victory that they're touting. We tend not to get into a account by account. I think we've learned over the years that if you're going to talk about your wins, you probably should talk about all your losses too. And there's a million accounts that we handle over a year, I think at the end, we're going to work to drive performance. We feel good about how we're doing that, and we feel good about the momentum we have.
Gary E. Bisbee - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Great, and then a follow-up. Just can you give us an update on how you're feeling about potential revenue synergies from Nalco? I know you weren't expecting a whole lot this past year, but is that on track? Any wins or any commentary you can give on how that's looking.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. So externally, we had a very low target called 0. Internally, we had a little more ambitious target, and I would say we are handily ahead of our internal target. We've had more early success than I think we forecast and like the prospects going forward. So when we announced the merger, we talked about $0.5 billion by 2016 in growth synergies, and we still believe that's very achievable.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMC.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Could you talk about the conditions in the global water business in Asia, whether your business is growing or contracting, and what are the factors at work?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. It's growing. Didn't grow every quarter all year, but improved steadily throughout the year. And I guess that's how we view it. That some of the pressures on the water business, particularly in paper, occurred in Asia first. And we see Asia coming out of it in many cases led by China. So I guess, we view that as a positive story as we move forward. But of course, it varies by end market. You've got more pressure where you might expect, mining and some of the others which we addressed in the upfront comments. But the water business, we expect to continue to grow next year and to continue to have very good OI performance.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So when that business was part of Nalco, it used to rack up years where it would grow 20%. What are the factors that have slowed that rate of growth down? And what do you see as a more normal growth rate for the Asian water business?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Well, it grew quite quickly in 2011 as well. I mean, I don't -- if we're talking Asia, Jeff, in particular, because that's where the water business was growing quite quickly. It wasn't growing 20% globally. And we expect that the Asian business has capability to do that again. I don't think it's news that China, in particular, which was the major fuel for that growth, hit -- let's call it a major speed bump, in its industrial production in 2012. So certainly, that had a real impact. And China is moving out. I think we talked about China improving in the second half as early as the second quarter, and we've seen steady improvement there. So we expect Asia to continue to be a very strong part of what's going to drive water growth long term.
Operator: The next question comes from Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Just a couple of questions, if I may. First of all, the higher delivered cost that you keep talking about and you expect to see in 2013, is that raw materials related on the product side? Is it packaging? Is it more people, feet on the street? Is it higher gasoline cost? Is it all of the above? Can you sort of talk about what some of the drivers of your higher costs are?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. It's part propylene's gone up. I mean, I think we've talked through the years about what our raw material areas are. And it's not dramatically different than first quarter of last year, it's just moved up from fourth quarter of this year. And -- but we have other pressures. However, I would say my expectation -- since '04, we have seen fairly consistent raw material pressures in our business. We've expanded margin during that period of time, and all we're saying is we all know there's a little bit of lag when we see the pressure from raw materials. It typically has upfront, a little bit of compression impact on our margins. And then through pricing and other actions, we have shown that we've been able to overcome these pressures with time. All we're trying to do is say, we see a little pressure in the early part of the year, we're not saying that it's going to impact the year. We're forecasting 13% to 17% EPS growth.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Fair enough. Switching gears to the profitability of the other division in general and GCS specifically. Can you let us know what the profitability gain or loss for GCS was in the fourth quarter and what's your expectations are for 2013? And just an overall comment/observation/question, your other division's profitability has declined for the last couple of years on year-over-year basis. I understand that the Pest Elimination business had probably something to do with that. You're now talking about more staffing cost in that business. Sort of what's the outlook for 2013? Or perhaps the inflection point is going to happen later than that in that business.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I would say a couple things. So there's 3 businesses really in there. I mean, one's a part of Pest, and that's where the staffing increases occurred. It's in our audit side of the business. Pest has been improving steadily. We had a top line problem we said we had to address in 2012. Team did a very good job. They got top line momentum, now firmly in the mid-single digits and working on improving from there. That gives you enough room to start driving Pest profitability because we can get leverage on that type of growth. EcoSure, we've had to make investments throughout 2012. We'll start lapping them in the second half. But we expect EcoSure profits to improve next year. And in GCS, we had a loss in the fourth quarter, but it was fairly small. And the GCS business has continued to improve year-on-year. I would expect that to continue. So for that segment, I would say that we expect it to be accretive, i.e., to drive OI increase in '13 versus '12 and not be down.
Operator: The next question comes from John McNulty with Credit Suisse.
Alina Khaykin : This is actually Alina Khaykin sitting in for John. Quick question on the Champion acquisition. Can you talk about what's holding up the DOJ and where their real sticking point is?
Douglas M. Baker: No, I can't. What I guess I can say is, we continue to expect to be able to close in the first quarter, and we continue to expect this to be a very, very good deal for us.
Alina Khaykin : Okay. And then also when just thinking about headcount for 2013 versus 2012 globally, how are you thinking about maybe adding sales force on a global basis?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, this year, organically, we're up just north of 1%. But part of that is because we had opportunities when we were merging the water businesses, et cetera. Next year, we'd probably be a little north of that in terms of expanding sales force a couple percent is what I would expect.
Operator: Next question comes from David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing, which didn't have a project Renaissance. Saw operating margin expand by 180 basis points for the full year. What are sort of the -- if there are any things that you'd like to call out that were helping drive that other than just revenue leverage in that segment?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, first of all, the way synergies were applied to the businesses, they impacted all segments to one degree or another, because basically a lot of the synergy effort was on shared G&A and corporate cost as we discussed early. That was first year's pressure, as well as purchasing. Purchasing, again, we had shared raw material suppliers, it's going to affect all businesses. So we are up in total for the business about 160 basis points, not just -- I'm talking about for the corporation year-on-year, if you do pro forma margin increase at OI level, then about 60 of that would be from synergies and 100 would be from, what I would call, just normal efforts. So these normal efforts apply to many businesses, but they apply in particular to U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing. [indiscernible] has been doing a great job in innovation in driving new platforms in both warewashing, now in laundry. These command substantially more price per pound or kilo than the products that they're replacing, but they deliver 3x to 4x, if you will, in the premium in terms of value to customers in energy and water reduction. So those are great margin enhancers as we continue to drive them. We continue to be on pricing because we continue to see raw material pressure. So that needs to be a constant push. And then of course, they work on field productivity and we've rolled out technology over the years that we've discussed in the field, which enables our field to spend less time on paperwork, more time selling, which means they can handle a few more accounts than they could pre-technology.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And then just curious, because I know you plan on finishing off the share repurchase authority. I think it's about 280 million or so, are you waiting to do that until after the Champion acquisition closes? And would that be something that happens relatively quickly or would you sort of measure that out over the course of the year?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. We would and need to wait until after the Champion business closes. Part of the Champion deal includes stock. And it would be, I think -- I can't commit to an exact timetable, but once the Champion deal's closed, we have the ability to restart share repurchase.
Operator: The next question comes from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Robert Walker - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: This is Rob Walker in for Lawrence. I guess, first on international. Given the strong Q4 margins, what are your expectations for 2013 for that segment margins?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, we already discussed Europe where we expect Europe margins increase by another 100 basis points. That's by far and away the biggest part of the segment. Latin America and Asia-Pacific margins will also improve as we improve, if you will, scale there. Sales volume will translate into margin improvement, because it's over pretty much a fix in existing infrastructure base. So we would expect those margins to continue to improve, mainly driven by Europe.
Robert Walker - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And in terms of cash flow, what are your expectations for 2013 in terms of CapEx, working capital, pension funding? And I guess, should we assume cash restructuring charges of around $100 million or so?
Michael Monahan: Rob, this is Mike. We're looking for free cash flow to about equal net income again in 2013. We haven't given a formal CapEx forecast. We were around $600 million in 2012. That will probably be the same ratio to sales going forward, maybe a little -- around the same ratio to sales.
Operator: Next question comes from Mike Harrison with First Analysis.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: A couple of questions for you. First, on Food & Beverage, you've had a couple of weak revenue quarters there. Is that mostly market weakness or are you seeing some competitive pressures there? And maybe if you could talk about how you're responding to that weakness in an area that we've kind of come to expect above market growth rates.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. No, we feel very good about our prospects with our Food & Beverage business. A couple of things. I mean, there's been some softness in the protein segment which has been widely reported. But at the end of the day, it's really just timing of when new businesses come on both in the base and coming on in the current year. We expect that business to be mid single-digit performer going forward, continuing to drive very good OI leverage.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: And while you're speaking about timing, Doug, I know the Kay business can be somewhat lumpy. Just looking at the strength in Q4, was that more of a normal period or did we kind of see an up lump that might be unusually strong? And was also hoping you could talk about what you're seeing on the food retail side. It sounded like that was not significantly stronger than what you were seeing in QSR.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. The Kay business is, I'd say, performing very well. I think it has since we acquired it. And it's driven by new business, no doubt about it. We've had new business on both the QSR side and the food retail side. Food retail side has had outsized new business gains. Prospects there look good. But it will always be, I guess, lumpy in the sense of lumpy growth rate. But it just grows faster in some periods than others. It's -- and I don't want to start characterizing this as cyclical at all because it's never shrunk that I know of in any quarter. It just keeps building on its past success, and we see plenty of runway for that business to continue to do that.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: Okay. And then the last one's just on the Global Paper business. Can you talk, in a little greater detail, about the strength you're seeing in the margins there, how sustainable that might be? And specifically around this elimination of low margin business, what was -- can you quantify the sales drag associated with that? Kind of what customers -- what kind of customers are they, and how much further you have to go in those low-margin elimination efforts?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I would say we're mostly through the paring low-margin customers, and it was in -- wasn't in a single part of the paper industry. We really -- we do this regularly. We look at the top and worst contracts that we have. We determine how we're going to fix them. What do we need to do? In some cases, you have to exit them, particularly. And we really judge a contract based on its gross profit, not necessarily on its operating income. And simply, if you have a lousy gross profit, it's unfixable even with volume or growth of the customer over time. And so we've done some of that work. I think the paper team has managed in a difficult environment very well. They had a very strong year in terms of profit. The drag, I guess, I would simply say, it certainly impacted the business, but it's not like we would have chest pounding results in the top line if we hadn't undergone this. That business has been impacted by the economy. We will expect it to improve through 2013, but in either case, we expect it to have another strong year in terms of OI.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Ritzenthaler with Piper Jaffray.
Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Great. My first question is around the Global Energy segment, and you'd called out a couple of pockets of particularly strength, Latin America, Middle East, Asia. We've heard that from a couple of others that participate in the space. Is there an aspect of Nalco that is a beneficiary of exposure in those regions? And is there a competitive -- any sort of competitive response that you need to make to ensure that, that continues in '13?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I would say, one, several years ago, that business made a strategic move to go after, if you will, the new oil and the new finds. And much of those during that period were in emerging markets or Africa, Latin America, et cetera, Russia. And that move proved to be very wise. So we have a good position there. It's a position that's been building, not shrinking. We have very, very high retention rates in that business. And to sustain the business over the long term, we've got to continue to do what's gotten that business to where it is: Be the innovation leader, continue to be aggressive in terms of going after new business as it comes on and continue to hold onto it. I would say the business lends itself to high retention if you continue to do a good job because there's high risk in changing midstream. So once you're on a platform or you're on the oil field, you tend to keep that business as long as you perform. So there's nothing about this business we really don't like. We're going to continue to invest in it. Obviously, our move in Champion indicates that it's an area that we like quite a bit, mostly because it's a very similar model, much more so than I think we imagined the first day we started looking at this merger possibility, and we came to appreciate it through due diligence and have appreciated it more as we've owned it.
Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then on Latin America, I guess more broadly, is that -- should we be thinking about Latin America as kind of a high-single, low double-digit volume growth region as you look at the various businesses that are exposed there and as you continue to share gains? And I guess how much runway do you feel is left there? It seems like it's a multi-year kind of platform, but I think any other additional color you could give there would be helpful.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, no. I think the Latin America market has a lot of runway. So we consider that a double-digit growth opportunity for the foreseeable future. We have great opportunities in virtually every business we're in. I think we've got a very strong team in Latin America running that business. It's a team that's been enhanced recently with additional manpower in both management and now, in corporate accounts. So we like the Latin America business. I don't care if it's energy, water, Institutional, F&B, Kay, Healthcare even, but we've got plenty of opportunities.
Operator: Next question comes from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
Eric Petrie: This is Eric Petrie standing in for P.J. Just first on Healthcare, is that growing slower than your expectations? And are you looking into any bolt ons to bolster growth?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I would say the Healthcare business last year, as we annualized against some big acquisitions, it was double digit globally, single digits in the U.S. I think it was a 4% or 5% in the U.S. And we expect that business to continue to progress. I guess we expect more in the high single-digit type growth rate on a global basis. It's going to flip back and forth year-on-year between Europe, which is our other big platform for that business. But no, I would say we feel very good about the Healthcare business and its prospects, and we expect it to continue to be a major contributor.
Eric Petrie: Okay. And then how long do you expect the Nalco-related deal charges to continue? I know you called out $0.35 next year.
Douglas M. Baker: We're going to still have charges through 2014.
Eric Petrie: Any color on how to divide that $0.35 between like Champion, Nalco?
Douglas M. Baker: The $0.35 did not include -- well, I mean it's [indiscernible] of Champion. Did not include the Champion numbers. We'll give -- it'll include like the deal cost that we've swallowed to date on Champion, but none of the cost-related synergies, et cetera, in Champion.
Operator: Next question comes from Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Angel Castillo Malpica - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This Angel Castillo on for Bob. He's actually tied up at our Ag Conference. But just -- most of my questions have been answered, but I just wanted to expand a little bit more on Latin America. You mentioned you've been pretty bullish on it. And today you mentioned you've been seeing some slowing in certain Latin American markets. I was wondering if you could expand a little bit more on that?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I think the reference really wasn't to our business per se. It was really to the underlying economic conditions, and Brazil would probably be the prime example, that there's been some slowing in Brazil. To date, we've been overcoming the slowdown, if you will, by very big successes with new accounts.
Angel Castillo Malpica - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just to kind of expand on that as well, just you said -- how much of that I guess would be market share versus pricing in Latin America in the growth and success you've had there?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Our pricing is, it depends by country, but obviously, we've got some very high inflation countries like Argentina, et cetera. In total, around that region, it's in the 3% to 4% range.
Operator: Next question comes from Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered. I just wanted to probe a little bit more in Europe. You guys are doing, I'd say, a pretty good job in terms of moving the margins up there. I was wondering, all things considered, are you seeing any stability in the end markets? In other words, have you seen the decline kind of abating over there? Can you just give us a little bit more color?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I would say steady would be a hard word to use in a sentence with Europe. So I would, I guess, describe Europe as, it's a very mixed story. But you've got -- I guess my expectation on Europe is going to be much more the same this year as last year. We do not see significant degradation, but you still see real softness in countries I think you would expect and particularly Italy, Greece, Spain and some of the other countries. And we expect to see that continue through this year. We think we will offset it, hence, our forecast of growth. Now, we did it last year. I think our plan is right, and we expect to have nominal growth again in 2013. But Europe, I don't think it'd be fair to call it steady-state right now.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And the synergies at Nalco are primarily going to come through the Global Water unit, is that correct? In terms of the sale synergies, I'm talking.
Michael Monahan: What was that, Shlomo? We didn't catch it.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: The sales synergies that you're expecting through with Nalco, is that going be shown primarily in the Global Water unit or in the Food & Beverage area?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. [indiscernible] and part of it will be -- I think the new business activity with, call it new customers selling this program in an existing customer, principally going to hit water. We are seeing some F&B dragged into historic water accounts, which we'd also expect, they've got some food business that F&B did not -- had not yet penetrated the plant. In technology, I think you're going to see the technology plays in Energy, in Institutional and in water and F&B [indiscernible].
Operator: The next question comes from Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Doug, when we talked about the paper in Asia, you mentioned it was rather weak but yet, there is quite a lot of growth in that particular industry in Asia with paper mills expanding or new ones coming on stream. Isn't Nalco participating in those?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, we participate in a number of them. But I would say a number of the greenfield openings were delayed 2 to 3 quarters, and those that were planned to open in the first half of '12 are now going to open in the first half of '13. So there were significant plant takedowns, greenfield delayed openings and the rest in the paper industry throughout Asia.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. And if I could ask about Healthcare. What is the size of that business currently? And it seems to me as though it is not growing as you anticipated. Any help from insurance companies forcing hospitals to operate more -- in a more sanitizing fashion?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, the Healthcare business globally is $600 million and it grew a little over 10% last year, 8% organic. So I guess as a -- look, we have high expectations. Would I like more out of that business? Sure. And If I told you it grew at 15% in '12, I'd still say the same thing. But the business is performing quite well. And expanded margins had very significant OI improvement as well during that period. So we like the Healthcare business quite a bit. Still believe it's going to be -- and continue to be major contributor to the corporation's growth.
Michael Monahan: Okay, everyone. Well, thank you very much. That completes our call. So if you have any further questions, please give Lisa or I a call. Otherwise, have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference call. The call has concluded. You may go ahead and disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-30 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Monahan - Senior Vice President of External Relations Douglas M. Baker - Chairman of The Board and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Abhiram Rajendran - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Theresa Chen - Barclays Capital, Research Division David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the Ecolab Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Michael Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Monahan: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's third quarter conference call. We also want to extend a special welcome to those affected by Hurricane Sandy. Thanks for joining us, and we hope all of you are safe. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO. A copy of our earnings release and accompanying slides referenced in this teleconference are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements on Slide 2, stating this teleconference and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Form 10-Q under Item 1A, Risk Factors, and our third quarter earnings release and on Slide 2. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. In addition, as mentioned on Slide 2, this conference call does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. Also, please note that in order to provide a meaningful comparison of our results of operations, where applicable, actual results for third quarter of 2012 are compared against pro forma results for the third quarter of 2011. The pro forma results are based on historical consolidated financial statements of Nalco and Ecolab, and we're prepared to illustrate the effects of our merger with Nalco. These pro forma statements are available on our website at ecolab.com/investor, as well as our Form 8-K filed April 27, 2012, and selected portions are contained in our slides and press release. Starting with an overview in Slide 3, we delivered strong results in the third quarter, reaching the top end of our earnings forecast range despite currency and continuing economic headwinds. We leveraged improved sales volume growth, pricing and our synergy and cost efficiency work to produce yet another strong double-digit increase in our adjusted earnings per share. Looking ahead, we expect to continue to outperform our markets and show strong double-digit earnings gains in the fourth quarter and for the full year as solid sales growth, appropriate pricing, innovation, synergies and margin leverage more than offset more moderate increases in delivered product costs, as well as the impact of higher depreciation, amortization charges from last year's Nalco merger. Further, we expect 2012 will be our 10th year of double-digit adjusted EPS growth in the last 11, and we will do so while setting up strong growth for the years ahead. Moving to some highlights from the quarter and as discussed in our press release, reported earnings -- pardon me, reported third quarter earnings per share were $0.80. On an adjusted basis, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items from both years, third quarter 2012 earnings per share increased 16% to $0.87. The adjusted earnings per share growth was driven by volume and pricing gains, new products and new accounts, which along with synergies and cost savings actions, more than offset higher delivered product costs. We enjoyed strong gains in Global Energy, Latin America and our worldwide Kay, Healthcare and Pest Elimination operations. We continue to be aggressive, focusing on top line growth. We're emphasizing our innovative product and service strengths to help customers get better results and lower costs, and through these, drive new account acquisition across all of our customer segments. We also continue to implement appropriate price increases to help offset higher delivered product costs and investments in our business. We remain focused on expanding our margins, emphasizing productivity and efficiency improvements, to help increase profitability, as well as drive merger synergies. We also continue to make investments in key growth businesses to sustain our technology and sales and service leadership positions. Our work to integrate Ecolab and Nalco is going very well, and we are delivering on or ahead of plan on our cost and growth synergy targets. Our agreement to acquire Champion Technologies, announced October 12, continues on plan for an expected close by year end. While economic trends present challenges, we continue to look for our fourth quarter to show strong sales growth and further margin improvement. Fourth quarter adjusted EPS is expected to increase 24% to 30% to the $0.87 to $0.90 -- $0.91 range and compare with adjusted EPS of $0.70 earned by our legacy Ecolab in the fourth quarter 2011, as the addition of Nalco, business growth and the increasing benefits from synergies and cost reductions more than offset higher fixed depreciation and amortization and interest expense from the merger. This results in the full year 2012 adjusted earnings per share range of $2.96 to $3, representing a 17% to 18% increase compared to the adjusted $2.54 earned by legacy Ecolab last year. In summary, we expect 2012 to reflect another strong performance for Ecolab, as we deliver upper teens adjusted earnings growth and making the investments to yield strong results in the years ahead. Slide 4 shows our third quarter results, both as reported and pro forma, with adjustments for special gains and charges, while Slide 5 shows our sales growth detail. Ecolab's reported consolidated sales for the third quarter increased 74%. When compared with third quarter 2011 pro forma sales, which include the impact of Nalco in both years, Ecolab's fixed currency sales was a strong 7%. Looking at the pro forma growth components, volume and mix increased 4%. Pricing rose 2%, acquisitions and divestitures did not have a significant impact, and currency decreased sales by 5%, rounding accounts for the difference in the total. Reported sales for the U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing operations rose 1%. Adjusted for the transfer of water treatment-related businesses to the Global Water segment, U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing sales increased 4%. Institutional sales grew 3% in the third quarter. Sales initiatives, targeting new accounts and effective product and service programs continue to lead our results, outperforming mixed end markets. Third quarter sales were negatively impacted by the timing of some shipments to distributors. However, our total shipments, meaning our direct plus distributor shipments to our end-use customers, showed the same steady trends as in previous quarters, growing around 5%. Looking at our end markets, lodging room demand continues to show modest growth, while foodservice foot traffic remained soft. To drive our growth and improve on our industry leadership, we are introducing more new products that deliver increased value and reduced labor, water and energy costs for customers in our warewashing, laundry and housekeeping markets. Programs we launched earlier this year, like our next-generation warewashing platform, called Apex2, have gained traction, and have been very favorably received by the marketplace. We also continue to increase our customer focus and service intimacy through sales force investments, simplified structures, marketing initiatives and improved field technology. We expect Institutional to continue to show good end customer sales trends and market share gains. When combined with expected normalized distributor order patterns, we look for Institutional to deliver stronger growth in the fourth quarter. Kay's third quarter sales increased 11%. Quick service sales enjoyed strong growth from both large and small customers. Food retail business grew double digits, benefiting from several new customer additions. We look for good sales growth in the fourth quarter, led by continued double-digit food retail growth, resulting in another year of upper single-digit growth for Kay in 2012. Healthcare sales increased 6%, as strong momentum in our patient temperature management business led results, benefiting in part as guidelines for patient management during surgical procedures gain greater acceptance. Healthcare's growth was also fueled by our innovative infection barrier solutions for leading medical equipment suppliers that help prevent infection transmission. These more than offset soft results in hand hygiene. Looking ahead, fourth quarter sales are expected to show continued similar sales growth trends. We expect new products, which will be launched next year, will help drive further growth and offset the challenging Healthcare environment. Food & Beverage sales grew 3%. Good gains in agri and food offset lower beverage and protein sales. Our market focus on improved customer penetration, along with our drive to provide total plant assurance, offering comprehensive plant-wide Cleaning & Sanitizing, water treatment, wastewater and Pest Elimination solutions, has enabled us to win new business. When combined with our innovative products and focus on lowering customer energy and water usage, we expect to see better sales trends in the fourth quarter and into next year. Sales for U.S. Other Services rose 4% in the third quarter. Pest Elimination sales continue to show improved trends, rising 4%. Growth was led by stronger gains in food processing and Healthcare, improved results in the foodservice segments and robust growth in add-on service sales. We continue to drive new product and program solutions to better meet our customer needs and differentiate our offerings. Recent new program launches, like the Expanded Large Fly Program and a new hotel protect program, with bedbug assurance offering, are showing good initial results. We expect our new products and programs, along with aggressive selling and improved service levels, to yield continued good sales gains in 2012. Sales for GCS increased 3% in the quarter. New account wins and appropriate pricing helped to drive strong growth in service revenues, which were partially offset by soft parts sales, resulting from a system change. We continue to see good results from chain account relationships, as we drive sales through the regional and franchise organizations. We expect GCS to show improved results in the fourth quarter, as we expect continued good service trends and improved part sales to benefit results. Measuring fixed currency, sales for international Cleaning & Sanitizing and Other Services increased 3%. Adjusted for the transfer of water treatment to the Global Water segment, fixed currency sales increased 5%. Europe, Middle East and Africa fixed currency sales rose 3% in the third quarter. Europe's Institutional third quarter sales were off slightly versus last year. New business gains among regional and local customers leveraged new products, but were offset by continuing weak demand in the south. Food & Beverage sales rose modestly over the last year, reflecting market share gains, a focus on corporate accounts and an emphasis on the cost savings benefits of our innovative products. These worked to offset slower customer volumes. Next, Healthcare [ph] sales were flat in the third quarter. New products and technology, like lower temperature washing, offset soft market conditions. Healthcare sales in Europe were strong on both a reported and organic basis, as new account gains and new products bolster the impact from our Esoform acquisition to drive sales. Pest Europe sales showed good growth due to a continued focus on corporate accounts, new programs and the continued operational improvements. Our work to improve operating efficiency in our Europe business continues to show good progress. We are further leveraging our shared services facility, transferring more work to the location, which is in Eastern Europe. We also continue to consolidate facilities and improve procurement savings. We are on track to deliver more than 200 basis points of structural margin improvement in 2012, though the weak economic environment and raw material increases in Europe will offset about half those gains at operating income. We continue to expect to improve operating margins to the low teens in Europe over the coming years, though the current economic challenges faced by Europe is slowing the pace of our progress. Looking ahead, we expect Europe's fourth quarter to show flat fixed currency sales, with good profit improvement, as it outperforms the weak European business environment. Asia-Pacific sales grew 4% in fixed currencies on a pro forma basis. Better growth in emerging markets and improved China results helped to offset slower mature markets. Institutional sales increased, benefiting from new programs, as well as a focus on restaurant and lodging expansion in the emerging Asian markets. Food & Beverage sales also realized good organic growth. New account gains and better results in Australia and China led the increase. We remain cautious regarding the strength of the expected economic recovery in Asia. However, we expect our fourth quarter Asia-Pacific sales to show good growth in this environment, as new product sales and new business in emerging markets improve from the slowdown earlier this year. Third quarter sales for Ecolab's Canadian operations increased 6% at fixed currency rates. Strong growth in core businesses drove the solid results. Latin America reported strong fixed currency sales gains, up 16%. Adjusted for the Brazil Pest and Institutional acquisitions, Latin America grew 11% in fixed currencies, as Institutional, Food & Beverage and Pest Elimination continue to grow at double-digit rates despite some slowing in Latin America markets. Fixed currency Global Water sales increased 5% in the third quarter compared with 2011 pro forma results. Good growth in Food & Beverage, power, Primary Metals and mining were offset by lower sales in wastewater. Regionally, we saw strong growth in North America, with moderate gains in Latin America and Asia. Sales were flat in Europe, reflecting the continued weak economic conditions in that region. We expect Global Water sales growth to ease in the fourth quarter, as gains in other regions are offset by soft trends in Europe, and a comparison to strong mining sales in the year-ago period. Third quarter 2012 fixed currency global sales for Paper declined 4%, primarily reflecting the strategic elimination of certain low-margin business. Adjusting for those eliminations, sales would have been flat versus the strong period last year. Modest growth in Latin America and Europe, led by the use of innovative technology, was offset by lower customer plant utilization rates in North America and Asia-Pacific. We expect fourth quarter Paper sales will also be about flat as the paper market stabilizes. Measured in fixed currencies, pro forma Global Energy sales grew an outstanding 20%. Excluding the impact of one-time sales, Global Energy rose 15%. The quarter reflected continued strong volume growth in upstream and market share gains in downstream. Strong double-digit growth in our upstream business was a result of healthy market conditions, share gains and a continued focus on higher growth energy sources. We saw strong growth in deepwater and shale accounts, continued momentum in oil sands, as well as strong activity in the Middle East, Africa and Latin America. Downstream growth reflected share gains in Asia, Middle East and in Latin America. We expect Energy segment growth to remain strong in the fourth quarter, driven by shale, continued strength in the deepwater and oil sands business and good growth in downstream. Slide 6 of our presentation shows selected income statement items, comparing reported 2012 with pro forma 2011 information to allow more meaningful comparisons. Reported third quarter gross margins were 46.5%. Adjusted for the impact of special charges, 2012 adjusted gross margins were 46.6%. But compared with third quarter 2011 adjusted pro forma results, 2012 gross margins increased 50 basis points. The adjusted gross margin improvement primarily reflected the benefits of the volume pricing gains, which more than offset exchange and business impact of higher energy sales. We also expect fourth quarter gross margins to increase versus last year. Reported SG&A expenses represent 32.3% of third quarter sales. When compared with 2011 pro forma results, 2012 SG&A expenses declined 100 basis points. Leverage from the sales gains and cost savings efforts, including merger synergies and Europe restructuring savings, led the improvement. Reported operating income for Ecolab's U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing segment rose 17%. Adjusted for the transfer of water treatment to the Global Water segment, operating income increased 14%, with margins up 210 basis points when compared with third quarter 2011 pro forma operating income. Volume and pricing gains and cost innovation led the increase. Operating income for U.S. Other Services increased 3%, benefiting from sales leverage, which partially offset field sales investments. International fixed currency operating income increased 12% versus last year. Adjusted for the transfer of water treatment business to the Global Water segment, operating income increased 14%, with EMEA operating income up 12%. International margins improved 90 basis points, as pricing and volume gains and our Europe margin transformation efforts more than offset higher delivered product costs. Global Water operating income grew 25% in fixed currencies compared to pro forma results. Margins expanded 210 basis points, as pricing and volume gains led the increase. Global Paper operating income increased 16% in fixed currencies due to pricing, the elimination of low-margin business and comparison to last year, which included the impact of a customer bankruptcy on bad debt expense. Adjusted for that charge, Paper's operating income rose 5%. Global Energy operating income grew 29% in fixed currencies. Margins expanded 120 basis points, led by the strong volume gain, operating leverage and pricing, which more than offset delivered product costs and investments in the business. Corporate segment and tax rate are discussed in the press release. Consistent with our comments on the second quarter conference call, we did not repurchase any shares during the third quarter. But note this [ph] performance is that Ecolab reported third quarter diluted earnings per share of $0.80 compared with $0.65 reported a year ago. When adjusted for special gains and charges and discrete tax items in both years, adjusted earnings increased 16% to $0.87 when compared with $0.75 earned a year ago. Turning to Slide 7. Ecolab's balance sheet reflected the impact of the Nalco merger. Total debt to total capital was 50% at September 30 compared with 30% reported a year ago. Our net debt to total capital is 49%. Looking ahead, and as outlined in Slide 8, we continue to take aggressive actions to drive both our top and bottom lines, expanding our market share and our customer penetration among major accounts, leveraging our leadership positions in key growth markets in food, water, energy and Healthcare. We are using innovation and pricing to benefit margins, and expect to show a margin expansion again in the fourth quarter. Development of our merger synergies, along with Europe's transformation work, continues to go well and meet or exceed expectations, and we expect to deliver on these aggressive goals, while building growth for the future. As also described in our press release, we look for the fourth quarter results to show mid single-digit pro forma sales gains, again, led by our Global Energy, Latin America and worldwide Kay, Healthcare and Pest Elimination operations. This solid business performance will again be impacted by much higher depreciation, amortization and interest expense, as well as increased share count from our merger. We also expect Congress will again pass the R&D tax credit before year end, which we expect will benefit fourth quarter EPS by approximately $0.01 per share. As a result, we expect adjusted fourth quarter diluted earnings per share to increase 24% to 30% to the $0.87 to $0.91 range, compared with the adjusted earnings per share of $0.70 earned last year. This results in our 2012 full year adjusted EPS range narrowing to the $2.96 to $3 range, and representing a very strong 17% to 18% increase. As an update regarding our pending Champion acquisition, we are making the required antitrust filings in the relevant countries. Respecting the procedures of the various antitrust agencies, we will not specifically comment here or in the Q&A on the status of them, other than to say we expect to receive the required clearances in a timely manner to enable the close within the fourth quarter. We continue to expect the Champion acquisition will help us build a stronger energy business and a stronger Ecolab, with better growth opportunities to achieve continued, consistent, predictable and above-average growth. In summary, we once again delivered on our forecast in the third quarter, while offsetting higher delivered product costs and the weakening economy, while still investing in our future. We look for sales and profit growth to accelerate through 2012 second half to produce another strong year and make it our 10th year of adjusted double-digit EPS growth in the last 11. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, please begin the question-and-answer period.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Nate Brochmann of William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Wanted to talk a little bit about kind of the strategic positioning over in Europe for both legacy Ecolab, as well as kind of with the new Nalco business in terms of -- obviously, you have the slower overlying economic growth there, but what are you doing strategically, if anything, kind of different to position yourself in terms of relative to the competition over there to continue to win some share?
Douglas M. Baker: Nate, this is Doug. I would say most of the fundamentals that we've been driving are still quite appropriate, even given the European situation. I would say, obviously, in terms of investments, we're trying to make sure that investments are being pointed towards, let's say, geography within Europe that we have more confidence in over the near or midterm. So that would certainly be Central Europe, still, East Europe and even Russia as we go forward, but we are being pretty judicious about what we do around the southern ring: Greece, Italy, Spain, Portugal. But at the end of the day in terms of what we sell, how we sell it, we think the economic pressure typically make our programs even more valuable because you know the trade. We typically try to put together programs that may cost more, but are lower in use cost, and I would say that's typically been a positioning that works well in Europe, is they'll invest often in better technology if they believe there's a pay off. So we don't want to take our eye off the ball there. We've been having good success in terms of new business in spite of a very difficult economy. It's one of the reasons our nose is still above water in terms of sales.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just as a follow-up to that, have you seen any pricing pressure or any competitive issues that are a little bit unusual over there with somewhat other pressure on the overall sales?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I haven't seen anything specific to Europe, no. I would say we've been able to get price this year. It's really the primary driver in our sales growth year-over-year in legacy Ecolab, and there's always price pressure. We continue to see it, but I wouldn't say there's anything unique in Europe that's a standout versus what we've seen in other geographies.
Operator: The next question comes from John McNulty of Credit Suisse.
Abhiram Rajendran - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is Abhi Rajendran, calling in for John. A couple of quick questions. One of your competitors just announced a sale of their Japanese business and your Asian results definitely reflected some of the broader regional slowdown. I think you mentioned you expect a pickup in that business starting in the fourth quarter. Could you maybe touch on the broader environment there, and if you see a potential return to double digit sort of growth next year?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. So our Asian business, when we talk about Asia-Pacific, the 3 large businesses are, call it, Greater China, Japan and Australia, New Zealand are the businesses that, if you will, dominate by just virtue of size, that part of the region or world for us. So China, I would say in total, and I can give you a -- break it out by legacy Ecolab, legacy Nalco, if you'd like. China, I think we are -- have seen the bottom and expect to see acceleration across the business, fourth quarter, first quarter, second quarter. When do you start getting at double digits, probably first quarter next year in total, maybe second across the portfolio. We think the legacy Ecolab business will probably accelerate, come out of it faster, simply by nature of the type of businesses, and we would probably expect to even see double-digit growth there, fourth quarter of this year. In terms of Japan, Japan is slow single-digit growth for us. That's not a new story. It's probably what we expect to see there. We still are driving margin. It's a valuable business to us, but not probably a market that we would make a significant investment in. And then you have Australia, New Zealand, slower growth market. We've got a very nice business there. We've got plenty of room to drive increased profitability, which is what we're going to focus on in the near term. So it will be accretive for us, but we don't expect big, big growth out of that market. And then the balance of Asia, right, is by and large, going to be -- we expect to be double-digit-plus growth on a going basis. It's just subscale right now and reaching scale, so it doesn't have the impact, I mean, with the region or overall Ecolab that it will, going forward, as it grows.
Abhiram Rajendran - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And just a quick follow-up. Could you maybe touch on some of the early new synergy you're seeing between your legacy business and Nalco? And how we should be thinking about this ramp up, and also maybe how the addition of Champion could kind of shift this trajectory.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, the synergies we've talked about regarding the Nalco Ecolab merger were 2 basic buckets. There's cost. Basically, the cost has been, first, corporate; second, G&A overlap and then quite a bit of purchasing year one. So we've talked about that migrating broader into the product supply chain as we get into years 2 and 3 of the merger. So you're going to see that impact across the business portfolio, as the purchasing synergies show up in businesses based on raw material, and you'll see it in G&A across the businesses too because, basically, it's the shared infrastructure, where most of the synergies are realized. The other bucket was sales and synergies growth. We committed $0.5 billion in growth synergies by 2016. I would say we're having very solid early traction there. We've had it in all regions, but predominantly in U.S.-based businesses early, but we expect that to broaden as we move forward. So we're happy with the start there. We feel that $0.5 billion is the right projection for what we're going to realize, ultimately, as we develop that. Champion, we don't expect Champion to have any, what I would say, unintended consequences or effects on our Nalco synergies at all. We believe the $150 million in cost synergies we've talked about with Champion are completely additive to the $250 million of cost synergies that we talked about with Nalco. In addition, there may be additional tax synergies there, but that needs to be played out over time. And we get asked about growth synergies, I would say we need to understand the business more, but you're putting together 2 very attractive high-growth businesses together. We expect the combination to continue to be high-growth.
Operator: The next question comes from Gary Bisbee of Barclays Capital.
Theresa Chen - Barclays Capital, Research Division: This is Theresa Chen, calling on behalf of Gary. First, would you mind just giving us some color on what's causing the deceleration growth in the U.S. Cleaning & Sanitation segment? Does it have to do with just more broad-based uncertainty or is there anything specific?
Douglas M. Baker: I would say as we look at the -- you've got to break it out in components. If you take Institutional, the underlying trends continue to be healthy, albeit Q3 was a bit slower than Q2 if we look at the metric we've talked about previously, which is field sales, but it's still in, right, mid-single-digit growth, around 5% growth range. The Food & Beverage business remains healthy. The poly group, more in the 3% range. However, we expect that, over time, to reaccelerate as we continue to drive new business. So I don't -- we don't believe that Q3 is any huge signal one way or another. We expect to have a stronger Q4 for a number of factors. Some of them are just -- it's really timing quarter-to-quarter factors like days and other things, but those things all wash out in the end. So really, I think we feel like we're in good shape there, but we will continue to focus on driving new business.
Theresa Chen - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great. Also, just how sustainable is the recent strong growth in Latin America? I mean, it's been doing great. Can you just give us an idea what are the drivers of growth in terms of product penetration, share gains, and such?
Douglas M. Baker: Much of it is -- look, there's a couple of things in that number. One is there's an -- there's couple of acquisitions that are impacting the reported number positively. But even below that, you're still in the teens, and that is where we have the single largest pricing impact, as you might expect, given inflationary environments there. Still, we would have upper single-digit volume growth in Latin America. We would expect that to continue. We've been very successful driving share in Latin America, new business. And I would say we are still very early in the product penetration story in Latin America as well. So we would expect the story in Latin America to continue to be a very solid story moving certainly throughout 2013.
Operator: The next question comes from David Ridley-Lane with Merrill Lynch.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes. So SG&A was about 32.3% of revenue in the third quarter, and the fourth quarter guidance was for approximately 32%. I know there's more Nalco synergies and more European cost savings to come, but are we reaching a point where the SG&A investments in field headcount, for example, are going to mostly offset the SG&A cost savings that are ahead of us?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I think, yes, and we even included that number, the 2% increase in field selling over this year. We have more field sales people now than we did pro forma at the end of last year. We will continue to make those investments. So I think we're going to realize $75 million of the overall synergy savings this year, of the $250 million. So there's still a number of savings that are going to continue to drive down SG&A in spite of the need to continue to add headcount. So no, I don't think the story's over.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. That's good to hear. And then second question, if U.S. restaurant foot traffic trends rebounded to 1% to 2% growth or whatever you think a more normalized rate is, what would you -- I mean, what kind of level of growth would you expect out of the U.S. Institutional business?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I think if you got it more normalized, I'd say you'd start playing in the maybe bottom to middle of our 6% to 8% organic growth range that we like to talk about.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So -- and would you describe the foot traffic trends as really being the major holdback for that division?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I'd say it's certainly, no doubt, been downward pressure. It's been going on for a number of years. I think, cumulatively, I think, foot traffic is now down 13% over a 4-year period, which is a pretty substantial number. In spite of that, we've grown during this period. But yes, absolutely. If you can reverse that trend, you're certainly going to see improvement on the top line. I'd say the team, I think, has done a very good job driving share in a tough environment. They've continued to drive margin through new innovation, sales productivity tools that we've launched and other technology. So it's a business, we think, with very good momentum in a number of areas, but yes, we would prefer a better market.
Operator: The next question comes from Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Just wanted to follow-up on the comment that you guys made about the improvement in the Europe and the 200 basis points that you're realizing there being offset by higher raw material costs. Can you talk about what the raw material environment is going to be like in the fourth quarter and what your expectations there are for 2013? One of the things that you mentioned as sort of a longer-term synergy from the Nalco deal is sort of borrowing on Nalco's ability or leveraging Nalco's ability to get pricing a little bit faster in what is still a service-oriented market. Is that something that's going to help you with your profit improvement in Europe in 2013?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, so it's Doug. First of all, the raw material environment, I mean, it's stabilized in Europe, but what we're dealing with is we had a big run-up late last year, early this year, very late last year. And so for fourth quarter, we're starting to see moderation simply because we're running into the base of higher raw materials as we go through. We do not expect a highly inflationary environment in Europe from a raw material standpoint next year, more broadly, I would say, is our early read on this situation. So I think as we continue to have success with our renaissance initiatives, as pricing starts catching up to the raw material increases that we've already had to take, that you will continue to see, both in fourth quarter and continuing through 2013, increased margins in Europe. Now it's, of course, predicated on the same lousy situation we see in Europe today, not a dramatically worse situation nor a dramatically better situation, which is our forecast right now for Europe, kind of muddle along, don't expect significant upside from an economic turnaround, but don't expect a meltdown either.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Is pricing easier to get in Europe or more difficult to get than North America? Or is it about the same?
Douglas M. Baker: We know the word "no" in about 62 languages. I would say, I don't know. It's not easy to get anywhere, is probably the best answer. With that said, we saw about 2% pricing in Europe in Q3, which is not bad in total. That's over the legacy Ecolab business where we have measures and we break it out. And so, we're realizing some gains there. With that said, I'd just say the pricing environment is difficult overall. We don't expect next year's -- we've talked about this before. We -- 1% is kind of our normalized pricing and if you're not in a inflationary environment, we think we'll be trending back down towards that number as we move forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Edward Yang with Oppenheimer.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: On the U.S. Institutional business, Cleaning & Sanitizing, you saw some strong margin improvement there, and it's a record margin level. How did you do that, and is that sustainable?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I'd say there's a couple of things driving it, and we work to drive sustainable benefits, otherwise the business turns into a yo-yo. So the 2 big areas, we've been driving new technology, which is driving improved gross profit margins, and that's been a steady drive for a number of years, and we continue to have success there. Our technology's promise, which is significant reductions in water and energy, continues to resonate even in tough environments, maybe because of the tough environment. And we also have been leveraging sales productivity tools, particularly technology that we've been rolling out to the field, so we continue to see productivity gains. At the same time, it's that -- been a 2 front push that's working successfully in Institutional, and we'll continue to drive it. What we've got to make sure is that we continue to have an offering for our customers that benefits them and makes sense economically for them. And right now, I'd say we think we score well there, and we want to make sure we continue to as we go forward.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I think Mike mentioned some distributor shifts. I think you've seen that periodically in the past. Was that just a broad de-stocking and customers managing inventory, or did you have any change in incentives?
Douglas M. Baker: No. No big change in incentives. I would say the distributor community is very prone to driving down inventory, and they're doing it and probably as aggressively as they can. I expected -- I think we expected that there would probably be moderation on distributor inventory in Q3. We didn't see it the way that we expected. This is not big numbers in total Ecolab, but it is when you talk about maybe a specific business in a specific quarter. But ultimately, I don't think that's going to be the overall story for either our company or Institutional. That, sooner or later, they've got to buy what they consume or what moves out, and those numbers always end up catching up. We look at this thing over long views. We've been tracking this over a long period of time and go through periods of dislocation, but sooner or later, it catches up.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Sure. And just on Global Paper. Are you done with all the -- I mean, you had some margin improvement [ph] there. You mentioned getting rid of some nonprofitable businesses. Is that margin basically the level we should see going forward? Do you have any other levers to pull to expand margins there?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I would say, my belief is I think the Paper team has done a very good job in a pretty difficult environment. And so, there's quite not a lot of tailwind for that business, and actually, in that industry, they've done, I think, very smart things in terms of managing their customer base. We had some [ph] business which didn't make any sense and we didn't think was promising, long-term, in terms of ever getting to a gross profit that was going to make sense for us. And I think the business did the right thing exiting it in a way that still worked for the customer, but is the right thing for the company overall. So that put downward pressure on sales was -- if you take that out, sales would have been flat, all right? So that's not -- still not a great story, and -- but they're also, I think, successfully driving price where they can and managing through raw material changes. I would expect that we will continue to hold that margin. Hopefully, they will have other tools to continue to drive margin up. We want to get that margin up. We believe it's there. And the priority is probably a little more balance on margin right now than growth and then maybe a little shift in priority for that business.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Ritzenthaler of Piper Jaffray.
Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: You had, in the past, thought of 4Q as $0.06 to $0.07 higher than 3Q, mainly driven by a full quarter of synergy and restructuring savings and a little bit by the R&D tax credit. With the guidance this morning, I guess, is it safe to make the assumption that the performance of the end markets and the underlying businesses, as opposed to any of the other assumptions on the restructuring savings side?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, no. I think what we did with our range was tighten both sides of it. I don't think there's a fundamental shift in the middle of our range when you look at Q4. So we don't have a big difference in our view now versus when we had the annual range out. With that said, what shifted here, Mike, in my mind, is historically, Ecolab pre-Nalco, Q4 was typically a slower sales quarter -- lower sales quarter seasonally than Q3. Now, it's about equal to Q3. I mean, almost the same sales level in total, because basically, Energy's big quarters are Q4 and Q1, and so, this neutralizes the natural seasonality impact you had historically seen in Institutional and others as we went through the winter months. So now, we've got a fairly consistent pattern in the second half. We still are forecasting higher, if you will, higher EPS in the fourth quarter than in the third. And it's driven, part by FX, but mostly, it's driven by synergies in renaissance which continue to build throughout the year. You have the tax that we talked about, which is $0.01, right? Which is really the R&D tax credit going forward? And you've got some catch up, if you will, on pricing and raw materials as well. But principally, it's the synergy numbers that are driving the outperformance year-on-year as they build this year.
Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And then on Latin America, just a follow-up to a previous question. Is there appreciable margin difference between growth in Latin America, growth in other places? And then if I could sneak in one last one, is a little bit more on the rationale of the Vehicle Care sales is up.
Douglas M. Baker: So first, Latin America. Latin America's GP is very consistent. We're pushing it versus the rest of the -- rest of our businesses or the businesses, the like businesses in other geographies. The OI margin has been growing and been catching up, if you will, to Ecolab average. And fundamentally, I think our story on LA and EP has always been, if the gross profit is there to drive the kinds of OI margins we see in the balance of the world, it's really been a volume story. When does volume cover overheads, and the overheads were built because we are covering business in 160 countries. So we've had improvements this year in OI in Latin Americas. We continue to build volume. We expect that story to continue moving forward. So it is not dilutive, long term, on margin, by any stretch. It will be, we think, ultimately accretive. Vehicle Care.
Michael J. Ritzenthaler - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: And then -- yes, and then on Vehicle Care, if you wouldn't mind commenting on that, too.
Douglas M. Baker: I mean, at the end of the day, Vehicle Care is a very good business, but it doesn't match our strategic focus on clean waters, safe food, abundant energy, healthy environments. I mean it should [ph] a bit of a match. The model was quite similar, you would say, but at the end of the day, the technology we're building there doesn't really have any leverage across the business. That's not true in water. That's not true in F&B. That's not true in Institutional, and not true in Energy. That technology is leverageable across the portfolio. And so, it's just a question of where do we want to spend our priorities, and at the end of the day, we felt that Vehicle Care would be probably better off owned by somebody else who was going to be more intent on driving growth and investing in the business.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Wittmann with Robert W. Baird.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes. I just wanted to start with an easy one first. I think last quarter you guys talked about $20 million, $25 million of kind of realized cost synergies on the way to $75 million. Does that mean that, as of the end of the third quarter, you're in about the $50 million run rate?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I think...
Michael Monahan: Andy, we said $21 million in the second quarter, it's about the same in the third. So we think we're still on target for the $75 million achieved in 2012.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, we expect -- these are net synergies, right? With their -- minus PMO costs and some other costs, project management office costs. So we would expect that number to be greater, per our earlier discussion in Q4. And on a run rate basis, depends on how you want to handle -- the PMO costs, ultimately, go away as we drive through this. So we'll enter on a run rate well north of $100 million at the end of the year.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just on the Energy one-time sales, by my math, it was about $24 million in the quarter of what you called one-time sales. Are those the type of one-time sales that are just lumpy, but they're somewhat recurring, or should we view that 15% underlying rate as maybe a better way to think about the potential growth rate in the next couple of quarters at least?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, it's a little low. Yes, yes. I would say yes, those sales are lumpy. They aren't one-time, like one-time and never again. They happen episodically. We want to call them out because we do want to have some -- so that you can see what the underlying business is doing. We will have sales of core exit influx or begin in the future, and we'll likely tell you when we do because they are -- they intend to come in big lumps in kind of different timing. The underlying growth rate of -- I think, is consistent with what we said to expect earlier in the year this year. So we said mid- to high-teens kind of growth rate, and I think that's what you should expect.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Got it. And can you just talk a little bit about -- it seems like Nalco's Water, as well as the Energy businesses seem to be driving top line above peer levels. I guess, maybe just a little bit of color from your perspective about some of the competitive dynamics there. Is it your secret sauce of your product and service offering? Is it your end market exposures that maybe are allowing you to have more attractive growth rates? I guess just your view about Nalco's, what seems like outperformance, would be helpful.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. So on the Water and Paper, I guess I'll probably stick to what we think's working in our business. So I would say couple of things. One, we've got, we think, technological advantage with 3D TRASAR. We have now installed our 20,000th installation, or seen that installed. So we've had continued very good success there. We are working on derivative technology advances around this platform, which will be forthcoming and we think, continue the push that we have in this area. Second, I think there's a clear focus. The team had it. I think we are encouraging it around new business activity as we drive the capability. And finally, we've got better reach in terms of service capability. So it's a story that I would say is very similar to stories I could tell you in F&B or in Institutional or others, where I would say we also have outperformance versus our competitive peers. And typically it comes down to technology, focus on sales and focus on service capabilities, and I think we have advantage in all those areas.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Good. If I could ask just one final quick one here. On the Champion call, I don't think it came out what restructuring charges would be for that kind of multiyear plan. I was just wondering if you had a view that you could share with us as we look at our models over the next couple of years, how much and the timing of that.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, well, the bulk of it's going to occur in year 1. So in year 1, there's going to be, if you will, underneath $97 million -- just under $100 million of restructuring. About $60 million is going to be cash, and the balance of it's going to be step-up in inventory, noncash.
Michael Monahan: So again, Andy, we'll be finalizing those numbers. So those are approximations at this point.
Douglas M. Baker: That's year 1.
Operator: The next question comes from John Roberts with Buckingham Research.
John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Doug, you've got a change in the executive suite major competitor and you've been able to pick up share in the past when that competitor shifted strategies. So any thought on whether this is an opportunity to step on the accelerator again or maybe you've got your hands full already with Nalco, Champion and your European restructuring.
Douglas M. Baker: No, I would say we rarely take our foot off the gas on going after new business and typically, particularly in, I'd say, the F&B world and Institutional world, which is, I think, the world you're talking about here. New business isn't coming from new builds, it's coming from existing customers, which means you've got to take it from competition. And that's the world that we've lived in for quite a while, and I'd say we have not taken our foot off the gas there, if anything we're pressing harder. I don't think it has anything to do with any change in leadership or not. It's simply how we grow the business. So I would say my expectation is we continue to do what we've been doing. We continue to gain from all major competitors. And we're going to plan to do that Q4, Q1, Q2, Q3, you get the rhythm.
John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. And then currency was, I think you said negative 4% headwind in the quarter. Could it be half that much of a headwind in the fourth quarter?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. It's going to be flattish in the fourth quarter year-on-year because the movement was last year at about that time.
Operator: The next question comes from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I snuck one in. Just curious about what you're seeing in terms of the Apex rollout through Europe. And then secondly, on -- in the Energy business, we've seen a roll over the rig count book globally and in the North America, and I'm wondering has that affected the industry at all? Or have you just maybe offset it from market share or other reasons?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. First of all, the pure play on Apex Europe hasn't rolled yet, so we've got a test going over there, but we have not expanded it across Europe. So I would say that benefit is yet to come. We've got different formulation issues. We want to make sure we've got this thing right before we go. So that's in front of us, not behind us. My expectations are that Apex will be very well-received in that market because the story is very consistent with what customers have been asking us for in Europe forever, right? It's got environmental benefits. It's got cost benefits. There's all sorts of safety benefits, so we think that's spot on for the European market. In terms of rig count, we're in -- we would have to [ph] add more rigs overtime. But at the end of the day, we're in the production phase of this business. We continue to gain share, and are doing the right thing in terms of securing new business, but we expect our business to continue to grow.
Operator: Next question comes from Mike Harrison of First Analysis.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: Just looking at the Kay business, we've seen kind of 2 consecutive quarters here now of double-digit growth. I think it's the first time in a little while that you guys have strung 2 together like that. Just curious kind of what you're seeing in terms of kind of core traffic or trends in the QSR business that, obviously, you continue to make nice progress on the Food retail side. But can you maybe just talk about Kay and whether anything has changed there, either from a market standpoint or something that you're doing different?
Douglas M. Baker: No. I mean, the Kay business has always been a business driven by success with new customers. And it's a very steady business. Once you secure the customer, I would say it's less impacted by things like customer count than, say, its brother in Institutional, simply because you don't have the warewashing component of this. The real impact is we've had a lot of new business success in Kay, particularly on the Food retail side, but also on the Quick service side. And that's really what you're seeing come through in the Kay numbers. So it's good news.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: And then, just another question about Europe. I think of legacy Ecolab and legacy Nalco as sort of having had similar problems historically in Europe in terms of pricing, in terms of difficulty gaining new accounts. Obviously, at Ecolab, you've made the changes on the IT side. But can you talk about maybe what kind of progress you're seeing at the salesperson level in terms of training and in terms of greater ability to push pricing and gain new accounts, and maybe are you guys learning anything from each other as you integrate the Nalco and Ecolab sales teams?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, one, I would say we are not really integrating the sales teams per se, because we plan to continue to run the water business as a distinct business much like we ran our water business distinct from F&B and textile, et cetera. With that said, there are learnings. I would say 2 things. I think we have continued to improve on the legacy Ecolab business in Europe in terms of driving sales performance, in terms of getting price. We just talked about we got 2% price in, arguably, a pretty tough economic situation over there. We continue to also drive share. Volume is flat to up, and you know that the European situation is lower volume, not higher volume overall in almost every market you look at. So we're clearly commanding share and having good success in new business. I would say sales productivity in Europe is up 5% to 6%. Part is we leverage the new technology, do the right things on training. So I think there is sustainable performance benefits that you've seen driven as a result of renaissance and the other focus. So we expect those things to hold and frankly, accelerate, as we move forward. On the Nalco side, I don't have the length of history there. I guess my observation is, I don't think they had the same hole that Ecolab had to dig out of, but that business, frankly, like almost every one of our businesses, can continue to benefit from, right, better leverage of technology and better leverage of productivity tools, all of which we plan to do. And we have a lot of flopping going on right now on technology. 3D TRASAR being developed in Food & Beverage. We've got technology tools we developed in F&B that we are sharing in the water space for industrial applications. So I think those sides are going to benefit greatly from this merger. The businesses overall, if you look at the world and what's going on, we have very good benefit -- very good performance from the legacy Ecolab businesses, right, mid single-digit growth, mid-teens OI growth. You've got around double-digit growth from Nalco, plus around 20% OI growth. I mean, there is nothing to sneeze at. I think the teams have done a great job not letting this merger get in the way of driving business performance, and we see it all around the world. So I think kudos to our -- I really do think the teams have done a good job there. And there is more to come. I think there's more margin to be driven and more share to be driven, so both top and bottom can continue to improve.
Operator: The next question comes from Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I have a number of housekeeping questions. There was, within the slide deck, noted on the gross margin, an unfavorable energy business mix to gross margin. Can you explain what that was?
Michael Monahan: Yes, that's the upstream portion, which is a little bit lower margin than the downstream.
Douglas M. Baker: And it's growing faster than the down -- it's mixed.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So the upstream portion, is that where you guys got kind of a one-time sale this quarter, and that's what kind of skewed it?
Douglas M. Baker: No, it's more just a mix issue. We are -- both businesses are growing. Both businesses have good margin. You just have -- that lower-margin business is growing faster than the high-margin business, just mix dilution. It's -- we're not -- part of this is where you've got outsized investments going in the upstream part of the business as we continue to push both deepwater, unconventional, some other deployments that we have, that's where you've got outsized investments.
Michael Monahan: New chemistries and technologies, whereas refinery is probably a more staid [ph] industry than the upstream.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, got you. And then some of the other items. In terms of the Vehicle Care business sale, how dilutive to EPS is that on an annual basis taken in a vacuum?
Douglas M. Baker: About $0.03.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. So not a big deal. And then...
Douglas M. Baker: I'd rather have the $0.03, but I guess we just -- we decided $120 million, it was worth it.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Right, and then when we think of modeling, both the play [ph] of that and then Champion into our models, you guys gave us $0.12 accretion from Champion. Sounds like you're going to have some offset from that sale. But is there some kind of seasonality or something we should think of in Champion just as we start to layer stuff into our model?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I think we've talked about $50 million -- part of that is $50 million of synergies. That's not going to be -- even by quarter, that certainly is going to ramp up. Q1 is going to be your lowest and Q4 will be your highest, much like you saw synergies ramp up from the Nalco merger. That's going to be the principal seasonality impact or quarter-by-quarter impact. And over time, we'll give more clarity as we start forecasting next year, what to expect there. But certainly, synergies, for sure, ramp up over the course of the year.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. If I could squeeze in one last one, just in terms of the growth of the business in a quarterly basis, if you've got like 9%, 6%, 7%, and then, you're talking about mid single digits. Is there any real change to the growth trajectory of the business or is there some kind of lumpiness that we're seeing, just the fourth quarter being a slower growth than other parts of the year?
Douglas M. Baker: I mean, I think when we talked -- and this is, I think, very consistent with our conversation in the second quarter where we basically said, "Look, we think this business -- if you want to look at the 9% to the 6% that we had from first to second, big hunk of that was just energy." And we've said you shouldn't expect energy to grow at 30%. We said you should expect it to be in the mid-, high-teens for the balance of the year. And that explains 2 out of the 3 points. The other point was one-time stuff. So we said, really think about it as a 7, and I think that's exactly where we are.
Shlomo H. Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And so, when we think about it, is there -- is this quarter, when you talk about mid-single digits, is it getting closer to that 7% number?
Douglas M. Baker: That's earlier in the call. I mean, you can go read -- I basically said, sales, if you go back into your history, are going to be about the same in fourth as they were in the third, so.
Operator: Next question comes from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes. A lot of questions have been asked already, but just a quick one on raw materials. If you look at Nalco business, margins went up particularly in Nalco water. How much of benefit did you get from lower propylene?
Douglas M. Baker: We don't buy that per se. It's a feedstock into a number of raws that we buy. So we watch it because it's a bellwether for us as we go through, and it certainly impacts pricing. But...
Michael Monahan: We don't break down savings from particular raw materials, P.J. We'll talk about them in total, but not specific.
Douglas M. Baker: It gets -- it gets very...
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I understand. In aggregate, was there any raw material benefit in the quarter?
Michael Monahan: Raw materials were a slight negative.
Douglas M. Baker: Negative, year-on-year. But pricing more than offset them, which is why you saw gross profit increase year-on-year.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And Doug, in one of the questions, you said you talked about restaurant business, and that has been soft ever since the recession. And can you talk about that business, and if there's anything secular going on there?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I'd say, look, I think you could say the market's been soft. We have continued to grow in spite of it. Now, this is focusing on the U.S. I think if you look at the food service and hospitality businesses globally, it is a growth business for us. We're growing in all regions. Europe's probably flat, but we can grow there, too. But in total, we're growing around the world, and we think we will accelerate that growth over time, particularly as we start leveraging the technology that we've developed. The question earlier on Apex in Europe where, in fact, [ph] will expand. We've got a lot of technology to roll out around the world that we believe is going to give us great benefit. So it's a business we continue to like. It certainly has gone through a shift in the U.S. for a period of time, where you had foot traffic down. We don't believe that continues forever as we move forward. So it's a business that we think has got good characteristics for us long term.
Operator: The next question comes from Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Doug, could you talk a little bit about Food & Beverage? It seems to me as though that 3% growth rate is substantially lower than what you anticipated a few years back. So is there a big change there? Do you see more competition? I mean, I know you said the opposite on the competition side. But that 3% somehow seems low versus what -- versus the past.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Rosemarie, I guess we wish that business had grown faster in the second quarter, no doubt, or the third quarter. We do not believe that there's any fundamental issue around our F&B business. You've got protein soft, and you've got some softness in brewery. We think this is more -- you go through these periods, as feed goes high and you got a bunch of other stuff happening in these industries. But at the end of the day, we continue to gain share. We continue to build the business. We've got a bunch of new technology that we will be developing and rolling out. So I guess ultimately, I would consider it a mediocre quarter in F&B, but we do not believe we've got any systemic issues in that business.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: What kind of a secular growth rate are you anticipating for that business?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I think F&B business, both U.S. and globally, we expect to play in the 6% to 8% growth range as well. It may be more oriented towards the lower end of that organic growth range, but we expect it to be there.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then if I may, on the Pest. Pest seems to be picking up a little bit. Is that mostly international, or are the changes that you have made in the U.S. also bearing fruit?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, international's growing even faster if we add it on. That's the U.S., and I would say, yes. I think the leadership and plan that put in place has been working. And we've been driving, much more successfully, the top line, which is what we said the #1 objective was in Pest this year.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: And if I may ask one...
Michael Monahan: [indiscernible] some of the new technology, the new programs that we've introduced for them, focus on operational improvements.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Right. Okay. And just one quick question if I may. Textile Care, is that part of your long-term project?
Douglas M. Baker: Part of our long-term project?
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Well, part of your long-term strategy. You said that Institutional, you are looking at that as a long-term core business that it has all of the characteristics that you are looking at. What about Textile Care?
Douglas M. Baker: Textile Care is part of our long-term portfolio. I mean, Rosemarie, the only thing -- the only answer, and this has got nothing to do with either Textile or any other business you would ask about, is every business we're in today is long term until it's not. Vehicle Care was long term until it wasn't. I mean, it's the only way we can go and grow business. And I'm not asking you to read in between the lines there, nor anybody else, about any comment around Institutional or Textile or any other business. So we will -- I mean, if it's a portfolio question...
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Yes. That's what it was.
Douglas M. Baker: [indiscernible] over the year. Yes, we've shown over the years that I think we are active in terms of continuing in trying to refine our portfolio. I think we do it in an evolutionary manner. It's digestible, and we will continue to do that, which means we'll continue to buy businesses that we think make sense for us long term. And when we get in a situation like Vehicle Care, where we believe it might be better run by somebody else, we'll exit. I mean, that's the only answer. And of course, we'd never call out any business that's on one side or the other of that line.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Michael Monahan: Okay, well, thanks, everyone, for your participation today. If you have any further questions, please give either Lisa or myself a call, and have a terrific day. Thank you very much. Good day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-31 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Monahan - Senior Vice President of External Relations Douglas M. Baker - Chairman of The Board and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Gary E. Bisbee - Barclays Capital, Research Division Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc. Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Ecolab Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Michael Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Monahan: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's second quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO. A copy of our earnings release and the accompanying slides referenced in this teleconference are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements on Slide 12 -- or Slide 2, stating that this teleconference and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Form 10-K under Item 1A, Risk Factors, and our second quarter earnings release and on Slide 2. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Also, please note that in order to provide a meaningful comparison of our results of operations where applicable, actual results for the second quarter of 2012 are compared against pro forma results for the second quarter of 2011. The pro forma results are based on the historical consolidated financial statements of Ecolab and Nalco and were prepared to illustrate the benefits or the effects of our merger with Nalco. Those -- these pro forma statements are available on our website at ecolab.com/investor, as well as our Form 8-K filed April 27, 2012, and selected portions are contained in our slides and press release. Starting with an overview on Slide 3. We delivered strong results at the top end of our earnings forecast in the second quarter despite currency and economic headwinds. We leveraged our sales and volume growth, pricing, as well as our synergy and cost efficiency work to offset significantly higher delivered product cost and produced yet another strong double-digit increase in our adjusted earnings per share. Looking ahead, we expect to continue to outperform our markets and show good earnings gains in the third quarter and for the full year as solid sales growth, appropriate pricing, innovation, synergies and margin leverage more than offset expected moderating increases in delivered product costs, as well as offset the impact of higher depreciation and amortization charges from the merger. Further, we expect 2012 will be our 10th year of double-digit adjusted EPS growth in the last 11, and we will do so while setting up strong growth for the years ahead. Moving to some highlights from the quarter and as discussed in our press release. Reported second quarter earnings per share were $0.62. On an adjusted basis, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items from both years, second quarter 2012 earnings per share increased 13% to $0.72. The adjusted earnings per share growth was driven by volume and pricing gains, new products and new accounts, which along with synergies and cost savings actions, more than offset higher delivered product costs. We enjoyed very strong sales growth in our Global Energy and Latin American operations, as well as solid growth from Kay and Healthcare. We continue to be aggressive, focusing on top line growth. We are emphasizing our innovative product and service strengths to help customers get better results at lower cost and, through these, drive increased market share in our core businesses, as well as new account acquisition across all of our customer segments. We also continue to implement appropriate price increases to help offset higher delivered product costs. We remain focused on expanding our margins, emphasizing productivity and efficiency improvements to help increase profitability, as well as drive merger synergies. We also continue to make investments in key growth businesses, as well as bolt-on acquisitions to build future growth. Our work to integrate Ecolab and Nalco is going very well, and we are delivering on our cost and growth synergies. We continue to be focused on growing our business and excited by the opportunities the combined company offers our customers, as well as our position as the leader in additional high-growth markets that leverage our mutual core strengths in product technology and sales and service execution. While economic trends and currencies present increasing challenges, we continue to look for the second half to show solid sales growth and further margin improvement. This strong business performance will continue to be impacted by the much higher depreciation and amortization expense from our merger. Third quarter adjusted EPS is expected to increase 11% to 16% to the $0.83 to $0.87 range and compare with adjusted EPS of $0.75 earned by legacy Ecolab in the third quarter 2011 as business growth, the increasing benefits from synergies and cost reductions and seasonally higher revenues more than offset the higher fixed depreciation and amortization interest expense from the merger. We narrowed our forecast range for 2012, recognizing exchange has cost us $0.05 per share since the last forecast while our efforts to gain share and improve efficiency will be used to offset weakening economies. We expect full year 2012 earnings per share to rise 16% to 19%, the $2.95 to $3.02 range. In summary, we expect 2012 to reflect another strong performance by Ecolab as we show accelerating quarterly earnings gains to once again deliver very attractive growth and shareholder returns this year and set the stage for improved results in the years ahead. Slide 4 shows our second quarter results, both as reported and pro forma, with adjustments for special gains and charges, while Slide 5 shows our sales growth detail. Ecolab's reported consolidated sales for the second quarter increased 74%. When compared with second quarter 2011 pro forma sales, which include the impact of Nalco in both years, fixed currency sales rose a strong 6%. Looking at the pro forma fixed currency growth component, volume and mix increased 3%, pricing rose 2%, acquisitions and divestitures did not have a significant impact, and currency decreased sales by 3%. Rounding accounts for the difference in the total. Reported sales for the U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing operations rose 1%. Adjusted for the transfer of the water treatment related businesses to the Global Water segment, U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing sales increased 5%. Institutional sales grew 3% in the second quarter. Sales initiatives targeting new accounts and effective product and service programs continue to lead our results and outperform mixed end markets. As expected and mentioned in our May teleconference, second quarter sales growth moderated from the first quarter rate, reflecting the impact of an inventory build by distributors in the first quarter, as well as by comparison to the rollout of new products and programs in the year ago second quarter period. Total shipments, meaning direct plus distributor shipments to our end use customers which we closely track, showed a consistent trend as in the first quarter, growing around 5%. Looking at our end markets, lodging room demand continued to show steady gains, while foodservice foot traffic remained soft. To drive our growth and improve on our industry leadership, we're introducing more new products that deliver increased value and reduced labor, water and energy costs for our customers in our warewashing, laundry and housekeeping markets. We launched our next-generation warewashing platform called Apex2 and showcased a number of other innovations at the National Restaurant Show in May. We also continue to increase our customer focus and service intimacy through sales force investment, simplified structures, marketing initiatives and improved field technology. Institutional continued to show very good fundamental trends and share gains. We expect Institutional to continue to deliver solid growth over the balance of the year and once again outperform its markets in 2012. Kay's second quarter sales increased 10%. Quick service sales enjoyed strong growth in the quarter from both large and small customers. The food retail business grew double digits, benefiting from several new customer additions. We look for continued good sales growth in the third quarter and another strong performance for Kay in 2012. Healthcare sales increased 7% as good growth from hand hygiene, environmental hygiene and surgical drapes were offset by continuing soft U.S. health care industry market trends. We continue to see steady new account gains from our product innovation and investments in new sales productivity tools. Looking ahead, third quarter sales are expected to show solid growth. Food & Beverage sales grew 6%. Sales increased in all segments led by corporate account wins, pricing and product penetration. Food & Beverage will continue to focus on new account acquisition, pricing and new product sales though we expect third quarter sales growth to moderate due to slower industry trends and the annualization of recent customer wins. Sales for U.S. Other Services rose 4% in the second quarter. Pest Elimination sales continued to show good trends, rising 4%. Growth was led by stronger gains in food processing and hospitality, improved results in foodservice segments and robust growth in add-on service sales. We continue to drive new product and program solutions to better meet our customer needs and differentiate our offerings. Recent new program launches, like the Expanded Large Fly Program and a new HotelProtect program with bedbug assurance offering are showing good initial results. We expect our new products and programs, along with aggressive selling and improved service levels, to yield continued sales gains in 2012. Sales for GCS increased 4% in the quarter, and profitability improved once again against the year ago period. New account wins and appropriate pricing helped to drive strong growth in service revenues, which were partially offset by soft part sales. We are seeing good results from chain account relationships as we drive sales through their regional and franchise organizations. We expect GCS to show stronger sales growth and continued profit improvement in the third quarter. Measured in fixed currencies, sales for International Cleaning, Sanitizing and Other Services increased 3%. Adjusted for the transfer of water treatment to the Global Water segment, fixed currency sales increased 5%. Europe, Middle East and Africa fixed currency sales rose 2% in the second quarter. Europe's institutional second quarter sales were flat versus last year. New business gains among regional and local customers leveraged new products but were offset by weak demand primarily in the Mediterranean and Ireland. Food & Beverage sales rose modestly over last year, reflecting market share gains, a focus on corporate accounts and an emphasis on the cost savings benefits of our innovative products, which work to offset slower customer volumes. Textile Care sales declined in the second quarter, reflecting very weak end markets. We're using new products and technology, like lower temperature washing, to offset these market trends. Reported Healthcare sales in Europe was strong, reflecting the Esoform acquisition. Excluding the acquisition, Healthcare sales showed good organic gains. Pest in Europe sales showed good progress, reflecting a continued focus on corporate accounts, new programs and continued operational improvements. Our work to improve operating efficiency in our Europe business continues to show good progress. We're on track to deliver more than 200 basis points of structural margin improvement in 2012 though the weak economic environment and raw material increases in Europe will offset about half of those gains and operating income. We continue to expect to improve margins to the lower teens in Europe over the coming years though the current turmoil there is slowing the pace of our progress. Looking ahead, we expect Europe's third quarter to show continued modest fixed currency sales growth with good profit improvement as it outperforms the weak European business environment. Asia Pacific sales grew 5% in fixed currencies on a pro forma basis as sales recovery in Japan helped to offset moderate growth in China. Institutional sales showed good growth. New programs and a focus on restaurant and lodging expansion in the emerging Asian markets, along with a recovery in Japan from last year's devastating tsunami, benefited sales. Food & Beverage sales also performed well. New account gains and recovering sales in mature markets led the increase. Looking ahead, Asia Pacific expects continued good growth in the third quarter. Second quarter sales for Ecolab's Canadian operations increased 6% at fixed currency rates. Strong growth in core businesses drove the solid results. Latin America reported continued strong fixed currency sales gains up 20%. Adjusted for the Brazil Pest and Institutional acquisitions, Latin America grew 14% in fixed currencies as Institutional, Food & Beverage and Pest Elimination continue to grow at double-digit rates. Institutional growth was driven by continued success with global and regional customers and new growth opportunities in Brazil. Food & Beverage sales reflect continued strong demand in the beverage and brewing markets, as well as the benefits of new accounts and investments in key sales areas. Pest Elimination continued to deliver double-digit gains. Looking ahead, Latin America expects continued double-digit growth in the third quarter. Fixed currency water sales increased 1% in the second quarter compared with 2011 pro forma results. Both periods include certain water treatment-related sales transferred from the U.S. and international segments. In addition, 2012 compared with the year ago period when sales grew a very strong 12%. Second quarter 2012 saw a good growth in food and beverage, power, manufacturing and mining. These were offset by lower sales in wastewater, where we compared against a large onetime sale last year, and in heavy industry including primary metals where destocking, especially in Asia, hurt results. Regionally, we saw a strong growth in Latin America and a modest increase in North America and Asia. These are partially offset by lower sales in Europe, reflecting the weak economic conditions in that region. We expect sales growth to improve in the third quarter, led by North America and Latin America, as new account wins resulting from our differentiated technologies and appropriate pricing more than offset lower volume gains, lower volume trends at existing customers. Global Paper also compared against a strong period last year. Second quarter 2012 fixed currency global sales for paper declined 2%, compared with a very strong 11% increase in the year ago period. Growth in Latin America and EMEA was more than offset by sales declines in North America and Asia Pacific. Lower customer plant utilization rates, especially in Asia Pacific packaging, and a strategic elimination of certain low-margin business in North America more than offset the use of innovative technology to drive sales. Excluding the elimination of that low-margin business, paper sales would have grown slightly. We expect third quarter paper sales to be flat as the paper market stabilizes. Measured in fixed currencies, pro forma Global Energy sales grew an outstanding 19%, reflecting continued strong volume growth in upstream and market share gains in downstream. Very strong double-digit growth in our upstream business was the result of robust markets, share gains and continued focus on higher growth energy sources. We saw a strong growth with deepwater accounts, as well as continued strong sales to oil sands, the Middle East and Africa. High-single digit growth in our downstream business reflected share gains in the Middle East and Asia. We expect the energy segment to grow -- to remain very strong in the third quarter as continued strength in the conventional offshore businesses and upper-single digit growth in downstream largely offsets the temporary impact of unconventional drilling shifting its focus and drilling assets to oil and away from natural gas. Slide 6 of our presentation shows selected income statement items, comparing reported 2012 with pro forma 2011 information to allow more meaningful comparisons. Reported second quarter gross margins were 45.6%. Adjusted for the impact of special charges, 2012 adjusted gross margins were 45.7%. When compared with second quarter 2011 adjusted pro forma results, 2012 gross margins decreased 20 basis points. The decrease in the adjusted gross margin primarily reflected the impact of the business mix impact of higher energy sales and exchange, which more than offset volume and pricing gains from a gross margin perspective. In absolute dollar terms, pricing once again exceeded a higher delivered product cost in the second quarter, and we expect third quarter gross margins to exceed prior year levels. Reported SG&A expenses represents 33.2% of sales. When compared with 2011 pro forma results, 2012 SG&A expenses declined 140 basis points. Leverage from the sales gains and cost savings efforts, including merger synergies and Europe restructuring savings, led the improvement. Reported operating income for Ecolab's U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing segment rose 19%. Adjusted for the transfer of water treatment to the Global Water segment, operating income increased 17% compared with second quarter 2011 pro forma operating income. Volume and pricing gains and cost innovation more than offset higher delivered product costs in the quarter. Operating income for U.S. Other Services increased 16%, benefiting from sales leverage and improved efficiency. International fixed currency operating income increased 19% versus last year. Adjusted for the transfer of water treatment to the Global Water segment, operating income increased 21%, with EMEA operating income up 33%. Margins improved as volume and pricing gains, our European margin transformation efforts and improved cost efficiencies more than offset higher delivered product costs. Global Water operating income grew 5% in fixed currencies compared to pro forma results. Pricing more than offset higher delivered product costs. Excluding a large project sale in last year's second quarter, profits would have risen 8%. Global Paper operating income declined 9% in fixed currencies as pricing was more than offset by lower volume and the higher delivered product and other costs. Global Energy operating income grew 18% in fixed currencies led by the strong volume gain, operating leverage and pricing, which offset higher delivered product costs, investments in the business and product mix. The Corporate segment and tax rate are discussed in the press release. We repurchased 1.3 million shares during the second quarter. The net of this performance is that Ecolab's reported second quarter diluted earnings per share of $0.62 compared with $0.53 reported a year ago. When adjusted for special gains and charges and discrete tax items in both years, adjusted earnings increased 13% to $0.72 when compared with $0.64 earned a year ago. Turning to Slide 7. Ecolab's balance sheet reflected the impact of the Nalco merger. Total debt to total capital was 53% at June 30, compared with 32% reported a year ago. Our net debt was 51%. Looking ahead and as outlined in Slide 8, we continue to take aggressive actions to drive both our top and bottom lines, expanding our market share and customer penetration as one company among major accounts, leveraging our leadership positions in key growth markets in food, water, energy and healthcare. We are using innovation and pricing to benefit margins and expect to more than offset delivered product cost through 2012. Our merger synergies, along with Europe's transformation work, continues to go well and meet or exceed expectations. And we expect to deliver on these aggressive goals while building growth for the future. As also described in our press release, we look for our third quarter results to show mid-single digit sales gains led by Global Energy and our Latin America operations. This solid business performance will again be impacted by the much higher depreciation and amortization and interest expense, as well as increased share count from our merger. Adjusted third quarter diluted earnings per share are forecast to increase 11% to 16% to the $0.83 to $0.87 range compared with the adjusted earnings per share of $0.75 earned last year. We expect the benefits of growth from the underlying business, seasonally higher revenues and moderating impact from delivered product costs and increasing synergies and cost reductions to more than offset the weakening global economies, unfavorable currency and higher fixed depreciation, amortization, interest expense and shares from the merger. As a result, we continue to look for 2012 full year adjusted EPS to increase 16% to 19% to the $2.95 to $3.02 range. In summary, we once again delivered on our forecast in the second quarter while offsetting higher than expected delivered product cost in the weakening economy while still investing in our future. We look for sales and profit growth to accelerate through 2012 second half to produce another strong year and make it our 10th year of adjusted double-digit EPS growth out of the last 11 years. And now here's Doug Baker with his comments.
Douglas M. Baker: Thank you, Mike. Good afternoon. Well, I just want to offer a couple of thoughts and also talk a little bit about the pattern in the second half. So overall, I feel very good about the progress we've made as a company and the position that we're in. The integration work that we've undertaken has gone quite well. Our cost synergies are tracking above plan. We're already seeing effective transfer of technology from business-to-business, and it's already making an impact in our ability to serve customers. Growth synergies are ahead of target, and our people are onboard. The integration also, while it's going quite well, is not getting in the way of growth. So our underlying business continues to move ahead. Our second quarter new business results and corporate accounts were again ahead of last year by double digit. So the first half corporate account new business gains are up over 25% versus last year. That is a huge metric for us and very important. New product launches, one of the key drivers for gross margin recovery and expansion, are also on target this year. And our Europe renaissance project, the restructuring project, is delivering improved margins, as Mike outlined. So the legacy Ecolab EMEA sales are up 2.5%, OI was up 34%, 120 basis point improvement versus second quarter last year. So we are on track for 100-plus basis point improvement for the full year. As a result, we remain on our path to deliver very, very good EPS growth for the year. Forecast indicates 16% to 19% growth for the year. And importantly, we will exit the year with real momentum. The last point I'd like to touch on is the pattern of our EPS growth in the second half, which is different than our pre-merger pattern. Specifically, Q3 was typically a larger absolute EPS quarter than the fourth. And this year, post merger, we are forecasting a $0.06 to $0.07 higher Q4 than Q3. So what drives this is the following: First, our seasonality as a combined entity has changed particularly between Q3 and Q4. So while it used to be lower in Q4, now Q3 and Q4 in a typical year are going to generate roughly equivalent absolute EPS earnings. So the base is changed when you look at the quarters sequentially. Number two, we anticipate a significant and continued ramp-up in quarter-to-quarter synergy savings and renaissance restructure savings in Europe. In total, these will be $0.05 or even better, higher if you will, in Q4 versus Q3. And finally, we also get roughly a $0.01 boost in tax in Q4 versus Q3 this year due to the U.S. R&D tax credit, which, since it hasn't passed, all falls in Q4 versus in typical years when we smooth it out over 4 quarters. So importantly, our expectations around our sales, pricing and raws are very consistent with current trends, meaning there is no expected hockey stick ramp-up in either markets or underlying performance trends in our business. Net, we think we have a very good handle on the forecast and on the business. Our expectation this year is for a very good performance for the full year, 16% to 19%. Importantly, it's accelerating double-digit EPS growth every quarter, all driven by excellent integration work, outside synergies and continued excellent underlying business performance, driven by great new business gains. Most importantly, not only does this set up for a very good year in '12 but means we are building momentum leaving the year, which bodes well for 2013 as well. So with that as an opening, let me now open it up for questions. And so I turn it back to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just on the same track, energy, how do you expect the back half of the year to look versus the first half of the year on an EBIT basis?
Douglas M. Baker: For energy specifically?
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, for energy.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I think our call was pretty much as it was at the end of Q1, which is our expected rest of the year performance at that time and this, is high teens sales growth and I would say improved EBIT margin. If you look at Q1 and Q2 EBIT margins in energy, they look like they're different. If you really understand some one-timers between the 2 of them, they're very smooth and around 15% for those 2 quarters. We expect that they will be greater than 15% in the back half.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Excellent. And just on the $0.05 increase in synergies Q4 versus Q3, can you provide some more detail on what's driving that $0.05?
Douglas M. Baker: It's a whole host of initiatives, David, but it's getting down to fundamentals around indirect procurement savings, a number of which are contracts which we've been renegotiating or just going into place mid third quarter. So they haven't delivered any savings year-to-date. We'll get full quarter savings for these in Q4. We have continued reductions in G&A and in headcount around the world, particularly in corporate and G&A overlap positions. So those are more fully realized in Q4 than they are. We're closing offices around the world, which are taking place mid to late Q3. So you're going to see full impact of those in Q4. And I can go on, on another list of initiatives then you get into the restructure programs in Europe. There have been a number of things that have been in the works for 18 months, which are coming onboard in Q4. We'll start delivering savings there as well. So a lot of this is just natural timing, and they're quite consistent with what we said at the beginning of the year that we wanted the majority of this work done the first year, which really means that it's going to be back half weighted.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And just lastly, would you expect the price versus the materials gap to increase in the back half of the year as raws come off?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I think, always, we had anticipated -- first of all, the base gets easier in a sense because last year, the raws really increased, ramped up in the second half. And we've had consistently, I think, pretty good performance on pricing. So as we just mentioned in Q2, pricing overtook raws. In Q3 and Q4, we're going to have a greater gap as we move on.
Operator: The next question comes from Nate Brochmann with William Blair.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Doug, just to follow up on that last question a little bit. Obviously, we've all seen the decrease in fuel and I know that the raws don't necessarily always 100% follow that. But could you talk to us about the direction there in terms of whether you are seeing some sequential relief? And as you said then, as you put forward their pricing, we should see, as you mentioned, an even greater gap there?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I mean, I think we have said -- I mean, no doubt that we are going to have improved gross profit year-on-year in the second half. It's going to be much greater than we saw in the first half, right? We were behind in Q1. We're about even in Q2. Q2 with a gross profit issue was really a mix issue. And we will have improved, and you'll see daylight in 3 and 4. Certainly, some of that is continued pricing. And then also, raws have abated. So our forecast for raws has come down from Q1, where we looked at the year to be quite over our plan to more in line with our plan quite frankly, but it has lowered over the course of the year.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, and then just kind of a follow-up to that, Doug, I mean, whether it's correctly perceived or not. And I know that during like kind of the roadshows and in terms of the acquisition with Nalco that you did the kind of chart where the earnings with Ecolab and Nalco were actually pretty close in terms of volatility. So it might be a little bit of a misperception. But I was wondering, like in terms of the raw material impact and volatility, do you feel like you have your hands around that now a little bit better on the Nalco side than maybe they did before?
Douglas M. Baker: I don't know. I guess we are comfortable we have good visibility and understand what's driving the ultimate business performance. And certainly, our understanding of the energy and WPS business is expanding as time goes on, but I think we're comfortable that we've got a handle on how raws impact that business. It's not dramatically different how we see raws impact our business either in size of impact, timing of impact, how long it takes any of these businesses to recover, big raw moves in terms of pricing activity. I think the story we've told historically is Year 1, we recover absolute dollar impact. Year 2, we recover margin. And I think that formula works quite nicely as you start thinking about WPS and ES [ph] as well. And I think that's what's played out. They have executed in both energy and water and paper quite well in terms of pricing to recover the raws. And so you've got some abatement on the raw materials on that side. I think we've got a handle on what that means and how it impacts the business. Certainly, that's going to bode well, and that's in our forecast for Q3 and Q4. But we had some $60 million in negative raw year-on-year in the first half, and it's going to be modestly positive, i.e. we'll pay less for raws in the second half than we did a year ago. So that's in the forecast, and I think we've got a good handle on it.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And then just one last quick one on the sales side, just in terms of what you're seeing in Europe. Obviously, you have a pretty high recurring revenue stream and I know the majority of the mix is to countries that are still doing okay. But can you talk a little bit in terms of what you're seeing there in terms of just trends and any significant deceleration?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I mean, actually, we had modest -- I guess Q2 hung in there quite well. Our anticipation is we are going to hang in there in Q3 and Q4. I think we've got good reason to believe that. I think the pain is where you would expect it, that you go down to Italy, Greece and Spain, and we have negative year-on-year sales growth in those markets. And it is fully offset by growth, albeit modest growth in the balance of Europe. I think we're somewhat favorably disposed given that our big weight is in Germany, France and some other countries which aren't in great shape, but they're not nearly as adversely impacted by the crisis as, say, Greece, Italy or Spain, where we have relatively smaller shares.
Operator: The next question comes from John McNulty with Crdit Suisse.
John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions. First of all, on the business that was transferred out of Institutional into, I guess, the Nalco businesses, the water piece, was that about $35 million? And on that, can you walk us through what the margin impact would have been to either help or hurt Institutional and the water businesses?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, the business came out. It was our water business. It was in U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing, and some of it was in our AP reporting to a business in Australia. It wouldn't impact in Institutional at all. It was moving out of -- it didn't have any impact there. I would say in total, as we look at it, it had a modestly negative impact on Nalco in Q2 because there is a big onetime sale in Q2 last year in that business. So the WPS business results would have been modestly better without it if you exclude it like a point higher in sales and a couple points in OI.
John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And then on the -- with regard to some of your businesses, whether it's F&B or some of the Nalco businesses, is the drought having any impact on those businesses either positively or negatively at this point that you can tell?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, it wouldn't -- not yet. We've been through many of these cycles in the past. This clearly is going to increase feedstock. It will ultimately increase protein prices, then we will have the typical switching among protein sources. We're fairly well represented across protein segments, but I don't think this is going to make our future conference calls -- I don't think it's going to be worthy of a mention. We'll just probably move through the cycle. It's a bigger impact on other people.
John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just one last question. With regard to Europe and the margin improvement, it sounds like it's going to be coming in maybe a little bit lighter, which I guess is a little bit surprising given that you're still seeing growth there. So I guess what are some of the things that are really holding back the potential for margin improvement there this year?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I think, John, what I would say is what we signaled -- or I worked hard to signal into the first quarter was that we would not see 200 basis points this year of margin improvement mostly because the underlying market isn't as healthy as we anticipated. But with that said, we expected 100-plus basis point improvement. I would say we still believe that's the right forecast one more quarter into the year. And I think the fact that we had a very strong performance in Q2 indicates that, that forecast is pretty good. The real change, if you will, from 18 months ago when we first gave it is, obviously, we anticipated modestly better underlying economic conditions in Europe than we're seeing now. I think we're performing quite well given the European conditions. I mean, OI is going to improve dramatically this year. We're going to make more money in Europe in spite of the economic crisis. We're offsetting this. We're doing a good job on new business gains, getting pricing, doing a bunch of stuff that I think bodes well for not only this year but for next.
Operator: The next question comes from Ed Yang with Oppenheimer.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Doug, just following up on the European renaissance again, you're looking for 2% margin expansion this year, now 1% with the economy. How confident are you that the 1% will hold? Or what would -- how much would growth have to slow further or deteriorate to see that change? And the outlook for 2013, I believe you were looking for, long term, another 100 basis points per year going out. Does the slow growth this year entail that you have to trim those out of your expectations as well?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. So look, I'm confident we're going to do 100-plus basis points this year. I think we're on track. Certainly, it's sensitive to sales. So sales fell off or occurred differently than we are forecasting, but we're not expecting a big ramp-up by any stretch. That would be negatively impacted. I think though, we've got a good handle on sales expectations. So we feel good about the forecast for the year. In terms of outlook for '13 and '14, we would expect to continue to increase margin performance. We expect to have our highest margin in Q4 this year, which gives us very good momentum going into next year, leaving the year. So, yes, at least 100-plus again next year would be our expectation, and I think that's probably what we'll be forecasting when we get down to it.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And on the energy side of the business, you spoke about the margin comparisons between the first and second quarter and it sounded like there were some one-offs as well, but did you see any -- I expected somewhat of a bigger boost from raw material relief, for propylene relief in the second quarter. Did that help -- was that helpful at all in the second quarter for energy?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, it doesn't flow through immediately, right? Usually you've got inventory and other stuff you've got to get through. And of course, that convention is different by different geographies. Certainly, it was welcome news. And as I -- I think the best thing to hang your hat on is we feel good about the margin progression. And if we look at any more normalized time period, the second half could be better margin than the first half on -- I would call it very good growth, high teens growth in the third and fourth quarter. But that business, we feel, is quite healthy.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And maybe a question for Mike. How much revenue was eliminated in the paper business?
Michael Monahan: It's about $5 million.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And are there any other businesses as you've gone through with the integration that make sense to take another look at as well?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I'd say we're kind of constantly purging. One of the things we like our businesses to look at is, we won't use the word we use, their worst 10 contracts and maybe the worst performing parts of their business, and just make sure we have a handle on -- things change when we do these contracts. We want to stay up on them. There are still contracts out there that we don't love, that we are on and after not only in, say, the W, the paper business or the water business, but some of the businesses, the legacy Ecolab businesses, too.
Operator: The next question comes from Gary Bisbee with Barclays Capital.
Gary E. Bisbee - Barclays Capital, Research Division: You've talked a lot about the risk to Europe and how you're doing there, but can you just give a comment on the legacy Nalco businesses in Europe? I know those sell off quite substantially in 2009. Are you seeing pressure there? Are they doing about what you expected? How should we think they'll trend in the back half?
Douglas M. Baker: We're trying to get a sheet to pull out because it's got a breakout by even specific region. All in all, the WPS business for total Europe is performing. I would say it's in the 3% range, and the energy is in 30% range. Total, if you combine all of our businesses, Europe growth would step up to the 4% range. So they're growing at a faster rate and have better margin than the legacy Ecolab business. One of the reasons we have the whole renaissance restructure was that we were not satisfied with the legacy Ecolab business margin performance and wanted to move that into the double-digit range, which is why all the conversation around it. I would basically say in terms of how we view Europe, it certainly isn't going to be a bright spot in terms of sales performance for us. We believe it will continue to grow. We do believe it's going to be a fairly bright spot in terms of operating income performance as we continue to drive margin in spite of all the bad news coming out of Europe. So the fact that we started this restructure 18 months ago is frankly quite good news for us because it's enabling us to manage through a tough situation in a pretty effective way.
Gary E. Bisbee - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then I wonder, are you still planning to do the billion dollars of buybacks that you mentioned at the time you announced the Nalco deal or shortly thereafter. I think you did $0.5 billion in Q4, but it seems like first half of this year, you're well below the pace to do that second $0.5 billion.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, we're actually almost 3/4 of the way through the buyback. If anything, we feel like we've made very good progress there. We did put it on what I'll call a hiatus as a result of the European crisis noise just to make sure we understand how the financial system is or isn't impacted as we go through that, because we've made such significant progress in a pretty short order.
Gary E. Bisbee - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, and then I guess just a last one. What about the growth outlook in Asia? I know China is still fairly small, but things seem to be decelerating there and some other places. Are you still confident that, that business is positioned to get solid growth in the back half of the year?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I would say in total, in Asia, yes, we think we will be building momentum as we exit the year going this year. And China is probably one of the major stories there. And our China business, not surprisingly, like everybody else's, has slowed as the year's gone on -- slowed down. And we do expect to start seeing sequential improvement in Q3 and Q4 as we exit the year in China, which has a fairly significant impact on the overall Asia business.
Operator: The next question comes from Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: A couple of my questions have been answered, but I still want to get back and talk about the European business. You've talked about Europe profits, I think you made a comment, were up north of 30% year-over-year in operating income but the overall international operations were only up about 16%. So was this a currency headwind that we're seeing here or the profitability of some other operations in Europe declined to offset the international piece?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, so around the international reporting segment for Ecolab?
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Right. So my question is your overall international cleaning and sanitizing operating income was up about 16% if my calcs are correct. And I think you mentioned in your comments that European profits in dollars, your operating income, was up north of 30%. So since this is the biggest part of international, I'm just wondering where the offset is. Is it foreign exchange or did profitability deteriorate in some other geographies?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. We're talking -- typically, when we're giving, say, the European 34% number, that's in fixed currency. And so you got it right. In fixed currency, we had very good performance across our international operating segments. And that report out is legacy Ecolab international operations. And it's -- then currency is the major, right, negative as you go through this on a reported basis.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: So currency was negative 2% for international operations for Ecolab legacy?
Michael Monahan: What's that, Dmitry? It didn't come through.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Was currency a negative 2% contributor to top line in international operations for the legacy Ecolab business?
Michael Monahan: Well, it's 3% total for consolidated Ecolab, and so international is about half of that, so it's been bigger impact on international.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, I'll have to get back to you on that offline then.
Michael Monahan: We'll get you the numbers from the public to the fixed because as you know, we always report and manage to a fixed currency. So I'll have to check on what the public dollar was.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Right. No problem. Can you talk a little bit about the GCS business progression in terms of profitability? I know you lost a little bit of money in the first quarter of this year. Had that -- was that business slightly profitable or still losing money in the second quarter?
Douglas M. Baker: Second quarter -- we lost about $0.5 million in the second quarter. We anticipate that we will more than recover Q1, Q2 losses and make money for the year Q3, Q4.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, very good. And then was there an acquisition component in your Healthcare reported results up 7%? Or is that -- have all the acquisitions in Healthcare anniversary-ied by now?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, they've anniversary-ied in the second quarter in the U.S. There was an acquisition in the European Healthcare, which we called out, which was Esoform, but not in the U.S. number.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: And what was the contribution of that in the quarter if you just look at the European business?
Michael Monahan: It was a few million dollars, Dmitry. I can get you the number after the call.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: About 1% or so, nothing super major. Okay, and then final question, just to get back on the European margin growth story. You talked about 200 basis points-plus in conversations that we've had. The issue of growth in Europe was supposed to be impactful of the magnitude of the plus but not necessarily the 200 basis points initially, which were just cost removals, if I remember correctly. Now you're talking about offsets because of slower economy and yet you are growing in Europe. So your business is not seeing volume declines. Can you sort of reconcile your progression and your thinking about profit improvement in Europe 12 months ago versus today?
Douglas M. Baker: Dmitry, I think consistent with the conversation we had at the end of the first quarter that -- or even when we announced the restructure program in Europe, we basically said, "Look, it's predicated on modest growth, not a huge ramp-up in growth, but modest growth. And the other underlying assumption was probably a fairly favorable raw material environment." What we've -- and so with that underlying assumption, we basically said we would expect to see 200, 200 and 100, 100 and ultimately get to double-digit margins in Europe. What's changed probably since we initially went out in January of 2011 is the fact that one, we had significant ramp-up in raws, which we're now catching up to with pricing. The pricing catch-up is probably a little slower than our normal 1 year 1 year formula I articulated earlier because the economic conditions there are so dire. And growth is a little worse than we anticipated when we announced it. Not terribly worse, but look, it's a combination of those 2 that basically have gotten us to say we still expect to get to double-digit margins but it's probably going to take a year or 2 longer than we initially forecast simply because the ramp-up's going to be a little slower. We are coming off the fact that we think this business ought to be a 12%, 13%-type margin business. And we still believe we see a clear road to get there. It's just a little longer road than we anticipated in January of 2011. So the forecast this year of 100-plus is certainly lighter than the 200 we went out initially. But I think given the environment, I feel the team's doing a very good job offsetting the raws and maintaining some sales momentum in a very difficult environment. So we think we will end up the year much improved in Europe and most importantly, I think, with good momentum going into '13 so we can see continued margin improvement as we go into '13 and '14.
Michael Monahan: And just to be clear, Dmitry, the work that we're doing, the cost takeout, I mean, that is coming along as expected and we're well ahead on that. Simply, the other costs are the issue.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: I understand that. So it sounds like you're being maybe a little bit less proactive on pricing given the soft economic environment. Perhaps, it's costing you a little bit more to get the incremental sales than you thought it would and then plus the raw materials, which, at least for the first half of the year, are comping negatively even though in the second half of the year, we'll keep our fingers crossed that you're going to get a little bit of relief.
Douglas M. Baker: Our pricing has been improving in Europe, but there is no doubt that pricing is a negotiation with a customer. And we've got to make some trade-off decisions based on where people are economically. It is always much more difficult to get pricing in a very difficult economic situation. Certainly, I would consider Europe right now a difficult economic situation. With that said, pricing has been accelerating there for us, but not at the pace that the raws would have dictated in what I will call normal economic times.
Operator: The next question comes from David Ridley-Lane with Merrill Lynch.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: On a constant currency basis, did SG&A decline from the first quarter '12? And then in your guidance, do you forecast a similar constant currency decline in the third quarter?
Michael Monahan: We're taking a look.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Certainly, the part that we got to go look at is a variable component to our SG&A, which is commission and some bonus which are based on growth. I would say -- certainly, I can say confidently that the G&A component is coming down sequentially quarter by quarter by quarter as we go through this. There is no variability there. So we're doing a little math on the S part as we go through this. So give us a second to come back.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then any numbers you can put on the Nalco synergy savings in the second quarter as you're progressing towards your run rate target of $250 million a year?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, we had $21.5 million of synergy savings in Q2.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Perfect. And then just a final question, how did the Nalco revenue trend as you went through the quarter?
Douglas M. Baker: I don't have day by day. Here's what I would say. We believe if you want to go -- what's our expected business trend? So we basically already said energy. We expect continued high teen sales growth consistent with what we saw in Q2. We expect the water side of the business to show sequential improvement from 2 to 3 and 3 to 4. And we expect the same on the paper business. So strength and through the year, not weakened.
Operator: The next question comes from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Two quick questions. First, with the acceleration in the synergies, should we be thinking about -- are you pulling forward synergies from 2013? Or should we be thinking of a widening gap over the quarters versus your prior trajectory?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes -- no, most of the -- there aren't a lot of onetime synergies. I mean, I will say we are getting to maximum synergies on a faster path than we originally forecasted when we announced the deal last July. But with that said, I think there is going to still be, as the path unfolds, sizable synergy increase '13 to '12. We raised the number, but we're also working hard to move along this path quickly.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And secondly, can you talk a little bit about what's going on in the free cash flow? I mean, Nalco was usually a fairly robust free cash flow generator. And can you just walk through a little bit what's happening there?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I'd say the free cash flow is in line with what our expectations are. So it referred nicely to the last question you asked. Part is we certainly are spending more and at a slower [ph] rate on our restructure effort, which is one of the reasons that we're forecasting higher numbers than originally stated when we announced the merger and at a faster pace. So that takes more restructure money early. So you've got that coming out. We made a fairly large pension contribution. And then you naturally have working capital expansion. But working capital, if you compare it to Ecolab numbers, right, a year ago simply because we've got a bigger business, the pro forma working capital that we're operating with now is quite consistent with what the business was utilizing last year, if you will, on a pro forma basis. But those are the big moves. We've got share buyback and some of the other things that we've talked about. But mostly, it's going to be pension and the restructure.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And I realize this will be in the Q, but do you have a rough sense for how much is just restructuring so we can back out what normalized free cash flow is looking like?
Michael Monahan: Lawrence, I'd have to get back to you with that number.
Operator: The next question comes from Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I thought I heard -- Doug, I thought I heard you talk about some outperformance in the growth synergies, and I was wondering if you can talk about that a little bit more, where you're seeing that and what specifically are you pointing to.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I'll take a shot at myself. Since we had this very ambitious goal of 0 for the year, it wasn't hard to have outperformance. But with that said, I would say we feel very good about the uptake and the real focus initially has been on marrying the water technology and the Food & Beverage opportunity. And so there's work along 2 fronts: One, obviously, selling the existing water technology and also developing, if you will, enhanced capabilities as a result of leveraging the 3D TRASAR technology and applying it in some traditional F&B arenas in the F&B space. And both of those efforts are going quite well. The one I'm most excited about is the latter, the technology marriage, because of what it means long term for the business and our ability to meet customer needs. So we've had very good progress in the quarters. We've already -- we're in the 20 plus million. We expect to be much greater than that. We've got a lot of prospects and think we'll make very good progress here.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. Then the top end of the EPS guidance came down by $0.03. Is that all currency? Or is there anything else that's in there? Is there some macro in there? Can you just give us a breakdown?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I guess the simplest math would be we mentioned earlier that currency since last quarter impacted us a negative $0.05 and we took the top down by $0.03, so currency mostly. I mean, there's a lot of moving parts in the business, but currency would have been the outsize impact.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's what I was looking for. And then from a high level, when do you expect to be finished with a lot of the acquisition noise so that this business can really exhibit the free cash flow potential that it has? In other words, are we looking at mid 2013, 2014, when should I think about that?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I would say I think by and large, it will be behind us by the end of '13.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So 2014 should be where we start to see a breakout?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. From a cash flow standpoint, I think we'll have very good EPS results through this integration period. But obviously, cash flow is going to be negatively impacted with restructure expense. And that's really a '12 and '13 impact.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Wittmann with Robert W. Baird.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I just wanted to get a little bit more clarity on the guidance as well. It looks like the assumption underpinning the share count change from last quarter from this quarter looks like it actually went up a bit. Is that -- by my calculations, that's about 3 more cents that were impacted there. If we've got $0.05 of a change in the FX, maybe $0.03 in the share count, I guess operationally, what are you looking at? What are you seeing in the business which is helping you get back there? What segments in particular do you think are going to help you get there? It sounds like energy is one of them, a little more optimistic there. But is there anything else, operation, is helping you get these offsets?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Well, I would say, one, the share impact is not a couple of pennies. It would be $0.01. That's just given timing of shares and other -- the work that we've already done there. So it's not as dramatic as it might look otherwise. I would say the pluses -- certainly, we've talked. I mentioned raws abated from first quarter in terms of what we forecast for the year to some degree. But then we've got continued improvement in synergies, other cost savings and the underlying business is hanging in there and doing quite well. So I'd say it's a combination of those things that allow us to have confidence in what we're forecasting, which is a very good year.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then just in volumes, it looks like there's a sequential downtick a little bit in the volume side. Can you just talk about -- I mean, you mentioned tough comps in some of the business, but how much of that is tough comps versus macro? If you could just help us get a little bit of color into how the volume's been trending here.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I guess the way -- looking at it over the last -- I've been looking at these numbers for a while. The simple thing, if you're talking about your 9% in Q1 to 6% in Q2, it really breaks down into probably 3 distinct pieces. One certainly is energy growing at 19% versus 29%. That's about a point of growth. That was expected. And we expect energy to continue in the high teens. So that point, if you will, should be kind of built into how we think about the business going forward. The second piece was -- I'll characterize it as somewhat inventory. There was year-on-year comparisons on inventory. And just basically, as the industrial businesses slowed down, there is always inventory takeout first. So they get hit pretty hard and then have a little bit of a recovery. Call that a point. And then there's just, I think, economic slowdown, which is probably worth another point. So 2 of those points are going to be with us. So while we went 9 to 6, I think as we looked at the second half, we think we're 6-plus going through, so better than second quarter, not at first quarter run rate, if that helps.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Harrison with First Analysis.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: You guys have talked in the past about -- or you talked a little bit about Southern Europe being weaker. In the past, Q3 has been very important in terms of the vacation season. Do you have any early read on how that season is shaping up in Southern Europe?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. It's not great, but we don't think it's going to be a material driver in Q3. So I think we've got a good handle on what the expectations are, particularly in Italy, as we go through it. It's not a monster piece of our European business. So I think we're in good shape even with the lousy holiday period in Italy.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: All right. And then within the energy business, you mentioned that mix was something that hurt, I think, both the quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year margin comparison. What's hurting you in mix? And maybe as we look forward, do you see anything that reverses the mix or changes the mix? I'm thinking maybe deepwater Gulf of Mexico. Any thoughts on that?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I would basically say the first half performance of energy in terms of margin, we think, is a very good indicator of how the business performed. I would probably say there is some favorable stuff in the first quarter worth maybe 50 basis points and some unfavorable in the second. And so we think 50 is probably the best proxy for how that business performed in the first half, which was the first half cumulative number. So it wasn't huge swings in either one. It just happens on these 13-week periods, right? Energy's got some big shipments and big deliveries that occur. And so you're going to have some impact in 13-week periods. But all in all, we think that business is fine and moving in the right direction.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: And then last question is on the paper business. Can you talk a little bit about the dynamics that you're seeing, such that North America was soft in Europe and showing growth? And then maybe just quickly, on Asia, is that mostly packaging that you're seeing contribute to softness there?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, packaging, where we had the softness. Europe somewhat was -- it went into the swamp earlier. And we've been fighting through in Europe a little longer. So I would just say it hit the low point earlier and it's starting to move back, right? I mean, North America, I think you saw the slowdown in this quarter from an industrial output standpoint. And China is fairly clear, too.
Operator: The next question comes from Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Just following up on the paper business a little bit, I am surprised at your expectations of growth in the second half as both in North America and in Europe, you actually have paper mills shutting down. What are you doing that is not affected by that particular factor?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Rosemarie, some of it was the businesses, I'd say, impacted by destocking, which is somewhat behind us now in these other places. I guess I'd underscore the word modest expectations in terms of growth. So we're using the most liberal definition. We don't expect a big bounce back in paper in Q3, but we expect it to improve, and so be positive in Q3 but quite modestly, flattish to positive, and then better than that in Q4.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then looking at the share buyback, usually, you actually buy enough to offset the dilution. Based on the number you are giving us, there will be dilution in the third quarter. So have you stopped the buyback program altogether until next year when you have a better picture of the global economy and what you are doing?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes -- no. I don't want -- we don't want to signal that. I think what we have said is once I think the Europe crisis showed its full hand and the fact that we had made such significant progress in a fairly short period of time, we thought discretion called for what I'd call kind of a hiatus period. We haven't put a set timetable when that would end. But certainly, we would like to understand what, if any, financial impact in the financial system we may see as we come through this as we also went and talked about the remaining shares have a somewhat a negative impact if they're not executed this year. But we think it's a manageable impact as we go through. So we think the plan that we have in place is a smart plan for shareholders and for the business.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: By negative impact, are you only talking about the higher number of shares translating into maybe your lower EPS? Or is it another negative impact that you are referring to and that I am missing?
Douglas M. Baker: No, it's that impact. A little higher share count has a little negative impact on EPS. But we think the smart play right now is make sure we understand the situation before we continue to move forward.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay, so not because there would be some kind of a penalty if you don't go through the full program.
Douglas M. Baker: No. There's no penalty.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: And then lastly, if I may, were you disappointed or happily -- or unhappily surprised by some of the Nalco results and, of course, this addresses predictability of the Nalco business, which everyone was worried about at the onset?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I think the only way we're going to ever answer the predictability question is, are we able to continue to forecast successfully and continue to drive earnings growth. I would say we feel like we are positioned to demonstrate that as we move forward. And I think that's going to be the ultimate answer to this question. And I think it's the only fair answer to the question. As we look at the business in total, I would say like the businesses that we've been managing for a long period of time, there are always pluses and minuses in all these businesses. I don't think that we've been "surprised" by the Nalco businesses. If there have been surprises, they have been as many positives as anything else. I mean, certainly, energy has been a business we liked very much moving into this and performed quite well. We knew that paper was more cyclical than the other businesses. We knew Nalco in total was slightly more cyclical than Ecolab, but we always said that was a very high bar because we are very uncyclical. And we think this is manageable as we go through. When you take the total weight of the business, we think we would still characterize the total business as certainly manageable in terms of any cyclical nature and feel quite predictable, which is, I think, really what the hallmark of our business was as we work hard to deliver against the forecast we give so that there can be confidence in what we say going forward. We think that's important.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: And lastly, if I may, what is -- can you remind me of the total synergy dollar amount that you're expecting for 2012?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Our original forecast for cost synergies -- and so these would include tax. For cost synergies, our original forecast was $150 million at the time of announcement, July 20, 2011. We, in January, upped that to $250 million on cost synergies. And again, that excludes tax.
Operator: The last question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Doug, when I look at your returns, the -- if you add up all the Nalco operating profit, I think it was up $10 million year-over-year roughly in the quarter. And your synergies were $21 million that you captured. So there's a question there. It seems that in the quarter, all the returns or the 80% of the returns came out of the Ecolab business and that the incremental margins in your U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing were close to 70%, and in your international business, maybe they were close to 40%. So did the synergies in fact come out of the Ecolab side? And did Ecolab capture it? Or why is there such disproportionate operating profit growth on the Ecolab side and so little on the Nalco side given the synergy total?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, well, I would say 2 things: One, allocations and how we allocate dollars. The synergies are going to show up on not only the energy and WPS businesses, but also the Institutional, F&B, Kay, et cetera businesses, the way that we allocate, so that they're not going to flow specifically or only to WPS and to energy as we go through that. So I don't think you can look at it that way and expect that they're only going to be there. With that said, if you look at the energy and WPS businesses together, their first half performance was quite strong. I would say our business was quite strong. And so year-to-date, they're up 16% NOI if you exclude the business that we transferred to them. So the underlying business performance has been very solid there. The synergies were built considerably quarter by quarter. So you take the $20 million run rate at $80 million, it's nowhere near the $250 million that we're forecasting. So we know that's going to get better over time. And you'd also have to look at tax over time, where we've had sizable cash impacts as well as we've already brought down the combined rate to Ecolab's historic rate of around $30 million, right? They were running, at I think, at about $34 million. And so we've already brought that down considerably. So I think you'll see sizable cash benefits as the story unfolds as well.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So if you took your $20 million in synergies or $21.5 million in synergies, how would you allocate them across the divisions in the quarter?
Douglas M. Baker: I don't have the specific allocation here. We're talking 20 businesses in a bunch of countries. But that's how we set up the P&L.
Operator: There are no other questions at this time. I'll turn it over now for closing comments.
Michael Monahan: Well, that's it for us. Thanks, everyone, for your time. And if there's any questions, please give me a call to follow up. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference call. The call has concluded. You may go ahead and disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-01 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Monahan - Vice President of External Relations Douglas M. Baker - Chairman of The Board and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Gary E. Bisbee - Barclays Capital, Research Division Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Lucy Watson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Mark R. Gulley - Gulley & Associates LLC John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc. Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Unknown Analyst
Operator: Welcome to the Ecolab First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Michael Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Monahan: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's first quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO. A copy of our earnings release and accompanying slides referenced in this teleconference are available in Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements on Slide 2 stating that this teleconference and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are discussed in the section of our most recent Form 10-K under Item 1A, Risk Factors, in our first quarter earnings release and on Slide 2. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release.  Also, please note that in order to provide a meaningful comparison of our results of operations, where applicable, actual results for the first quarter of 2012 are compared against pro forma results for the first quarter of 2011. The pro forma results are based on historical consolidated financial statements of Ecolab and Nalco and were prepared to illustrate the effects of our merger with Nalco. These pro forma statements are available on our website at ecolab.com/investor, as well as our Form 8-K filed April 27, 2012, and selected portions are contained in the slides and press release.  Starting with an overview in Slide 3, we delivered strong results in the first quarter, our initial period including all of Nalco's operations, as we beat our forecast. We leveraged our sales volume growth and pricing, as well as our synergy and cost efficiency work, to offset significantly higher delivered product cost and produced yet another solid double-digit increase in our adjusted earnings per share.  Looking ahead, we expect to continue to outperform our combined markets and show good earnings gains in the second quarter and stronger EPS growth in the second half and the full year as strong sales growth, appropriate pricing, innovation, synergies and margin leverage more than offset expected moderate increases in delivered product cost as well as offset the impact of higher depreciation and amortization charges from the merger. Further, we expect 2012 will be our 10th year of double-digit adjusted EPS growth in the last 11, and we will do so while setting up strong growth for the years ahead.  Moving to some highlights from the quarter and as discussed in our press release, reported first quarter earnings per share were $0.17. On an adjusted basis, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items from both years, first quarter 2012 earnings per share increased 11% to $0.50, which beat the top end of our $0.46 to $0.49 forecasted range. The adjusted earnings per share growth was driven by strong volume and pricing gains, new products and new accounts, which, along with synergy and cost savings actions, more than offset higher delivered product costs.  We enjoyed very strong sales growth in our Global Energy and Latin America operations, as well as solid growth from Global Water, worldwide Food & Beverage and our U.S. Institutional business.  We continue to be aggressive, focusing on accelerating our top line growth as we emphasize our innovative product and service strengths to help drive increased market share in our core businesses, as well as new account acquisition across all of our customer segments. We also continue to implement appropriate price increases to help offset higher delivered product cost. We remain focused on expanding our margins, emphasizing productivity and efficiency improvements, to help increase profitability as well as drive merger synergies.  We also continue to make investments in key growth businesses, as well as bolt-on acquisitions, to build future growth. Our work to integrate Ecolab and Nalco is going very well. The combination is working smoothly, and we have not experienced any significant surprises since we closed the merger.  We continue to be focused on our business and excited about the opportunities the combined company offers our customers, as well as our position as the leader in additional high-growth markets that leverage our mutual core strengths in product technology and sales and service execution. We look for the second quarter to show solid sales growth and further margin improvement. This strong business performance will continue to be impacted by the much higher depreciation and amortization expense from our merger.  Second quarter adjusted EPS is expected to increase 8% to 13% to the $0.69 to $0.72 range and compare with adjusted EPS of $0.64 earned by legacy Ecolab in the second quarter 2011. We expect the quarterly earnings growth rate to accelerate in the second half as the higher fixed depreciation and amortization and interest expense are offset by business growth, the increasing benefits from synergies and cost reductions and by seasonally higher revenues. We continue to look for our full year earnings per share to rise 16% to 20% to the $2.95 to $3.05 range.  In summary, we expect 2012 to reflect another strong performance by Ecolab as we show accelerating quarterly earnings gains to once again deliver very attractive growth and shareholder returns this year and set the stage for improved results in the years ahead. Slide 4 shows our first quarter results, both as reported and pro forma, with adjustments for special gains and charges, while Slide 5 shows our sales growth detail. Ecolab's reported consolidated sales for the first quarter increased 85% compared with last year's reported results and reflected the merger with Nalco. When compared with first quarter 2011 pro forma sales, including the impact of Nalco, fixed currency sales rose a very strong 9%.  Looking at the pro forma fixed currency growth components, volume and mix increased 6%, pricing rose almost 3%, acquisitions and divestitures did not have a significant impact and currency decreased sales by nearly 1%, rounding accounts for the difference in the total.  Reported sales for the U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing operations rose 4%. Adjusted for the transfer of water treatment-related businesses to the Global Water segment, U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing sales increased 7%. Excluding acquisitions, these sales grew 6%.  Institutional sales grew 6% in the first quarter. Sales initiatives targeting new accounts and effective product and service programs continue to lead our results and outperform mixed end markets. First quarter sales also benefited by an estimated 1 percentage point from distributor inventory building. Lodging room demand continues to show good growth, while Foodservice foot traffic remains soft. To drive our growth and improve on our industry leadership, we're introducing more new products that deliver increased value and reduce labor, water and energy cost for customers in our warewashing, laundry and housekeeping markets. We will showcase a number of these innovations at the upcoming National Restaurant Show in May.  We also continue to increase our customer focus and service intimacy through sales force investments, simplified structures, marketing initiatives and improved field [ph] technology. Institutional continues to show very good fundamental trends, leveraging improving markets and market share gains, while the second quarter is expected to show a more modest sales increase than the first quarter, reflecting the expected impact of the first quarter inventory build on second quarter shipments. In comparison to the rollout of new products and programs in the year-ago period, we expect our growth drivers will deliver improved gains in the balance of the year for Institutional and will once again outperform its markets in 2012.  Kay's first quarter sales increased 1%. As mentioned in our last conference call, first quarter 2012 Kay sales reflected the timing of shipments to major quick service accounts that benefited the fourth quarter but hurt the first quarter. We continue to look for our full year Kay sales to rise in the mid- to upper single digits, similar to the past several years, which have also seen quarterly growth rate variations for similar reasons.  The Food Retail business rose modestly in the quarter, but it has booked significant new business, which should benefit future periods. We look for the second quarter to show a much better growth and expect continued good new account gains in food retail, along with quick service sales, to drive another solid year of growth for Kay in 2012.  Healthcare sales increased 24%. Excluding the acquisition of O.R. Solutions, sales increased 5% as good growth from hand hygiene, environmental hygiene and surgical drapes offset continuing soft U.S. healthcare industry market trends. We continue to see steady new account gains from our product innovation and investments in new sales productivity tools. Further, O.R. Solutions continues to show strong growth. Looking ahead, second quarter sales are expected to show steady organic sales gains.  Food & Beverage sales grew 7%. Sales increased in all segments, led by corporate account wins, pricing and product penetration. Food & Beverage will continue to focus on new account acquisition, pricing and new product sales to show good growth in the second quarter of 2012.  Sales for our U.S. Other Services rose 4% in the first quarter. Pest Elimination sales continue to improve, rising 4%. Growth was led by stronger gains in Food Processing and Hospitality, improved results in the Foodservice segment and robust growth in add-on service sales.  We continue to drive new product and program solutions to better meet our customer needs and differentiate our offerings. Recent new program launches like Guardian Plus for full-service restaurants and bed bug treatments for the non-hospitality markets, such as long-term care, retail and restaurants, are showing good results. We're also preparing to launch new offerings for hospitality, bed bugs and large fly services in 2012. We expect our new products and programs, along with aggressive selling and improved service levels, to yield continued sales gains in 2012.  Sales for GCS increased 4% in the quarter, and profitability once again improved. New account wins and appropriate pricing helped to drive the sales gain. We're seeing good results from the chain account relationships as we drive sales to the regional and franchise organizations. We expect GCS to show stronger sales growth and continued profit improvement in the second quarter and in 2012.  Measured in fixed currencies, sales for International Cleaning, Sanitizing and Other Services increased 3%. Adjusted for the transfer of water treatment to the Global Water segment, sales increased 5%. Europe, Middle East and Africa fixed currency sales rose 2% in the first quarter. Europe's Institutional first quarter sales showed a modest increase. The business -- new business gains among regional and local customers leveraged new product introductions but were offset by weak demand, primarily in the Mediterranean and in Ireland.  Food & Beverage sales increased moderately, reflecting market share gains. Food & Beverage continues to focus on corporate accounts and emphasizing the cost savings benefits of our innovative products.  Fixed Healthcare sales declined in the first quarter, reflecting very weak markets. We are using new products and technology like lower-temperature washing to offset these market trends. Europe Healthcare sales showed good gains, led by contamination control and infection prevention sales. Pest Europe sales showed a modest increase as the continued focus on corporate accounts and new programs, along with continued operational improvements, yielded the gain. Our work to improve operating efficiency in our Europe business continues to show good progress. Recent projects underway include consolidating offices and facilities in several countries to improve productivity and reduce costs, consolidation and realignment of manufacturing and distribution centers and a further consolidation of raw material suppliers in order to reduce complexity and leverage purchasing. More projects will be launched in future quarters.  Looking ahead, we expect Europe's second quarter to show continued modest fixed currency sales growth as it works through the softening and very challenging European business environment. Asia-Pacific sales grew 6% in fixed currencies on a pro forma basis. Accelerated growth in mature markets more than offset the moderate deceleration in emerging market growth. Institutional sales showed good growth. New programs and a focus on restaurant and lodging expansion in the emerging Asian markets benefited sales. Food & Beverage sales also enjoyed good organic growth. New account sales and improved product penetration led the increase. Looking ahead, Asia-Pacific expects continued strong sales growth in the second quarter. First quarter sales for Ecolab's Canadian operations increased 10% at fixed currency rates as strong growth in the core businesses drove results. Latin America reported strong sales gains, growing 18%. Adjusted for the Brazil Pest acquisition, Latin America grew 15% in fixed currencies as Institutional, Food & Beverage and Pest Elimination each grew at double digit rates. Institutional growth was driven by new accounts and continued success with global and regional customers. Food & Beverage sales reflected continued strong demand in the beverage and brewing markets, as well as the benefits of new accounts and investments in key sales areas. Pest Elimination showed double-digit sales gain and strengthened its growth opportunities through the acquisition in Brazil. Looking ahead, Latin America expects continued double-digit growth in the second quarter. Fixed currency Global Water sales increased 6% in the first quarter compared with 2011 pro forma results. This includes certain water treatment-related sales transferred from the U.S. and international segments. Adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures, fixed currency water sales increased 8%. Sales growth was led by double-digit gains in Mining, Power, Food & Beverage and Primary Metals, reflecting strong emerging markets growth, market share gains and differentiated technologies.  Regionally, we saw double-digit growth in Latin America and Asia Pacific, with strong growth in North America and a modest increase in Europe. We expect lower growth in the second quarter as market share gains and steady growth elsewhere are tempered by somewhat slower primary metals worldwide and light manufacturing in Europe and Asia and as the business compares with a strong period last year, which also included a large onetime wastewater project sale. We look for sales growth to pick up again in the second half. First quarter fixed currency global sales for Paper grew 2%, with price more than offsetting a slight volume decline. Further penetration with differentiated technology offset generally lackluster customer plant utilization rates outside the U.S. Good growth in North America was partially offset by sales declines in Asia-Pacific, which was primarily impacted by packaging customer downtime, and in Latin America, which compared against a very strong period last year. We expect second quarter sales to be flat against the strong quarter last year as new business growth and generally stable market conditions offset slow conditions in Asia. Measuring fixed currencies, pro forma Global Energy sales grew an outstanding 29%, reflecting continued strong volume growth in upstream and market share gains in downstream. The very strong double-digit growth in our upstream business was a result of robust markets and share gains with deepwater accounts and continued strong sales to oil sands, the Middle East and Africa. Strong double-digit growth in our downstream business reflected share gains in the Middle East and Asia. We expect Energy segment to be in the high teens for the second quarter as continued strength in the conventional business is partially offset by the temporary impact of unconventional drilling, shifting its focus in drilling assets to oil and away from natural gas, and as downstream growth returns to more typical mid- to high single digits, reflecting moderated global refinery demand. We expect conventional markets to remain very attractive and that Energy will show strong growth over the balance of the year.  Slide 6 of our presentation shows selective income statement items comparing reported 2012 with pro forma 2011 information to allow more meaningful comparisons. Reported first quarter gross margins were 42.6%. Adjusted for the impact of special gains and charges, 2012 gross margins were 45.3%. When compared with first quarter 2011 adjusted pro forma results, 2012 gross margins decreased 90 basis points. The decrease in the adjusted gross margin primarily reflected the impact of higher delivered product cost, which more than offset the impact of volume and pricing gains from a gross margin perspective. In absolute dollar terms, pricing exceeded the higher delivered product cost in the first quarter. Reported SG&A expenses represented 35.2% of sales. When compared with 2011 pro forma results, 2012 SG&A expenses declined 180 basis points below last year. Leverage from the sales gains and cost savings efforts led the improvement.  Reported operating income for Ecolab's U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing segment grew 15%. Adjusted for the transfer of water treatment to the Global Water segment, operating income increased 11% compared with first quarter 2011 pro forma operating income. Excluding acquisitions, U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing segment operating income rose 6%. Volume and pricing gains more than offset higher delivered product cost in the quarter. Operating income for U.S. Other Services declined 6% as continued improvement in our GCS business profitability was offset by investments made in the EcoSure quality assurance field sales organization.  International fixed currency operating income increased 10% versus last year. Adjusted for the transfer of water treatment to the Global Water segment, operating income increased 12%. Margins improved as volume and pricing gains and improved cost efficiencies more than offset higher delivered product cost. Global Water operating income grew 11% in fixed currencies compared to pro forma results. Excluding acquisitions and divestitures, Water's operating income grew 27%, led by higher volumes and pricing, which more than offset higher delivered product cost.  Global Paper operating income declined 9% in fixed currencies as pricing was more than offset by higher delivered product and other costs.  Global Energy operating income grew a remarkable 53% in fixed currencies, led by the strong volume gain, operating leverage and pricing, which more than offset higher delivered product cost.  The Corporate segment and tax rate are discussed in the press release. We repurchased 1.4 million shares during the first quarter. The net of this performance is that Ecolab has reported first quarter diluted earnings per share of $0.17 compared with $0.40 reported a year ago. When adjusted for special gains and charges and discrete tax items in both years, adjusted earnings increased 11% to $0.50 when compared with $0.45 earned a year ago.  Turning to Slide 7, Ecolab's balance sheet reflected the impacts of the Nalco merger. Total debt-to-total capital of 52% at March 31 compared with 35% reported a year ago. Our net debt was 50%.  In April, we made a $150 million voluntary contribution to the U.S. pension plan. Looking ahead and as outlined in Slide 8, we continue to take aggressive actions to drive both our top and bottom lines. Expanding our market share and customer penetration as one company, among major accounts, leveraging our leadership positions in key growth markets in Food, Water, Energy and Healthcare. We are using innovation and pricing to benefit margins and expect to more than offset delivered product cost throughout 2012. Our merger synergies, along with Europe's transformation work, continues to go well, and we expect to deliver on these aggressive goals while building growth for the future. As also described in our press release, we look for the second quarter results to show mid- to upper-single-digit sales gains led by Global Energy and our Latin America operations. This solid business performance will again be impacted by the much higher depreciation and amortization and interest expense, as well as increased share count from our merger. Adjusted second quarter earnings per share are forecast to increase to the $0.69 to $0.72 range, up 18% (sic) [18%] to 13% compared with the adjusted earnings per share of $0.64 earned last year. However, we expect the quarterly earnings growth rate to accelerate through the balance of 2012 as the higher fixed depreciation and amortization and interest expense and shares are offset by the benefits of growth from the underlying business, seasonally higher revenues, the moderating impact from higher delivered product cost and increasing synergies and cost reductions. As a result, we continue to look for 2012 full year adjusted EPS to increase 16% to 20% to the $2.95 to $3.05 range. In summary, as noted on Slide 9, we once again delivered on our forecast in the first quarter while offsetting higher-than-expected delivered product costs and while still investing in our future. We look for sales and profit growth to accelerate to 2012's quarter and produce another strong year and make it our 10th year of adjusted double-digit EPS growth of the last 11 years. That concludes our formal comments. As a final note before Q&A, we plan to hold our annual tour of our booth at the National Restaurant Association Show in Chicago next week on May 7. If you have any questions, please contact me or Nicole at my office.  And now here's Doug Baker with some comments.
Douglas M. Baker: Good afternoon. Look, I'll make this short, and then we'll open it up for Q&A. I just wanted to add a couple of thoughts. So clearly, we feel good about the start we've had to the year. And as you can see from the forecast, we continue to forecast a very strong year.  Integration is going very well either on a quantitative or qualitative basis. The teams are coming together well. We are on track on our synergy targets, et cetera. So almost on any metric, we feel good about the progress there.  Just as importantly, I could even argue more importantly, our team has absolutely kept its eye on the business, with a very good Q1 result, particularly when you look at growth. We had excellent new business results, which you don't see, which really bodes quite well for the remainder of the year and for next year, considerably higher than last year both on legacy Ecolab and legacy Nalco basis, so excellent pace.  We're also on pace for a record new program launches this year and have a number of large initiatives going out, which also is an important driver, as you all know, for gross profit improvement.  So as a result, we feel very good about our ability to deliver on the year. Our forecast for the year is 16% to 20% EPS growth. And in spite of troubled economies and raw material headwinds, I think we are again on pace to have an excellent year.  So with that as a backdrop, I'll open it up for questions and turn it back to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Doug, just on your 2012 guidance, you didn't raise the low end despite beating Q1. Just comment on your thinking about the guidance for the full year given some of the macro headwinds you're seeing in Europe.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Dave, I guess I would call it -- I wouldn't try to read much into this. We have aggressive guidance out there in terms of 16% to 20%. And there's certainly a lot of uncertainty and a lot of time left to play in the year. We feel very confident in our ability to hit, or we would have moved it the other way. We don't raise guidance frequently in this call, and so I really would just say given the nature of the economic situation in parts, raw materials and the rest, we thought discretion was probably the smart play. We are committed to driving this business forward, and we have got a team all over the key issues. So we feel good about the position we're in and what we're going to do this year.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: But just on the Paper business, as you get to know that business and the results are pretty weak, is this a long-term keeper in the portfolio in your mind?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, David. The only thing is we don't get into big M&A. I think we have a lot of questions about this post-announcement of the deal and pre-close, and I would say 2 things. One, the reason that we felt Nalco was such a fit was really the real strength in water technologies, and as we all shared, we came to really appreciate and understand the strategic value that Nalco brought historically, and in the future, to energy. Paper is a good business, and we always said that we weren't going to get to evaluating Paper at the onset. Our real focus right now is make sure we continue to drive forward. Get integration right, which I think we're doing a great job on, and making sure we focus on driving the fundamentals in the business: new customers, new innovation, taking care of the team, and all those metrics look good. That's the focus for this year.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And just lastly, Energy. I know these results aren't sustainable at these levels, but how much stronger can this business be than it was the last couple of years?
Douglas M. Baker: Energy has been -- if you go back, and we spent a lot of time understanding the history, some 5, 6 years ago, they embarked on a strategy, which has proven to be one, very smart and extremely well-executed. That's a good combo. It was really going after, for lack of a better term, the new oil for a couple of reasons, right? It's easier to get the business at the onset versus trying to kick somebody out of an already drilled well. And number two, new oil is going to command much more of the technology that Nalco sells. So in terms of a smart strategy in driving share, it was exactly on, and that team delivered against it excellently. That story is not over. And so I don't care if it's tar sands or other unconventional oil, right? These areas and this kind of development is going to require more of the technology that Nalco sells. If you look at year-on-year growth last year, they clearly accelerated throughout the year. And as you look at it, the base is going to get more challenging as we go through the year. First quarter last year, organic was around 15%, and the fourth quarter last year for them was around 24%. So clearly, you're going to be climbing a bit of a base. So that business, we expect to continue to perform very well. We do not expect to regularly put up 29% growth there. We never talked about 29% as the target growth rate, and so we don't expect it. But we do expect a long period of double-digit growth, right? And a very, very good growth in the following quarters this year.
Operator: Nate Brochmann with William Blair.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I wanted to talk a little bit -- you guys recently announced some -- what felt like more aggressive pricing actions to combat the raw material price runup. I was wondering if you could talk about the dynamics there and how that's going in terms of acceptance and kind of flow through to the customers?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, Nate. This is, I guess, a strategy that the Water businesses deployed for a while, which is make sure that the broad customer base understands the raw material implications and the rest. And so it's not new for the Water business, whereas it may be viewed as something unique for Ecolab. But if people have plays that work well, we're not going to get in the way. I'd say it's too early to tell, but pricing in general has been a focus. It was a focus for the Water and Energy businesses last year. They successfully implemented pricing, which is why you're starting to see the margins come back in those businesses and you see the outsized earnings performance. It's exactly what we thought was going on in that business when we talked to the market post-announcement, so we feel good about that. So yes, Water is on pricing. Energy is on pricing. Institution is on pricing. F&B is on pricing. We do not have a business that's not out there, making sure that they are regularly pushing price as they must in this environment. We do not expect raw material inflation to abate long term. We think we are in an inflationary environment raw materials for the rest of our careers. That's our assumption. It's not a bad thing because if you look at our ability, we have grown OI margin in this inflationary period, I think, every year in the last 5, 6 years. So we don't mind the environment. We just have to continue to execute in it. We think the Energy and Water execution last year was quite good, and all they're doing is looking at continuing that execution.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then just one quick kind of follow-up here. Minus kind of the pull forward end of the first quarter from the second quarter on some of the distributor levels, how do you feel in general about those inventory levels currently minus that issue at the distribution level? And then I'll turn it over.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I don't think there's any major issue there. It's kind of this quarter-to-quarter stuff. Institutional had a very good first quarter, and I would say if you look at 2 things, importantly, as we've talked, we really focus on the field sales, i.e. consumption. Consumption is continuing to improve there. We had a quarter where the reported was marginally above field sales because there's a little inventory build, but Institutional has gotten itself back in organic 6% to 8% growth range, and we'll continue to see it. Kay has some noise sometimes quarter to quarter. We are not worried about Kay. Kay had an unbelievable first quarter result in terms of new business. And so we know that's exactly what Kay needs to do. They hunt elephants, so you will start seeing that reflected in Kay's results as they go out and install these customers.
Operator: Gary Bisbee with Barclays Capital.
Gary E. Bisbee - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess the first question, just any update on the European margin outlook and growth for the legacy Ecolab? Are the targets you've laid out in the past still sustainable? Is the weaker economic activity going to make that more challenging to get this year?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I would. So Gary, we talked about we needed at least 2% growth, right, to see the types of OI margin improvement that we committed to last year in January, when we rolled out what we call internally the Renaissance [ph] program. And that's what we're still seeing. And we still believe that that's the right expectation for the balance of the year is in that range. And so if you look around, not many people had volume increase in the first quarter. I mean, ours is nominal admittedly, but we continue to see some strength, or at least we're holding on the top line. Our expectation for the year is absolutely, we will see year-on-year improvement in operating income margins. Our team there is absolutely committed and continues to forecast in line with our previous commitment of 200 basis points. If I were going to hedge it all, I would say I'm pretty confident the team has got 100 in hand and is fighting up from there. So we aren't really backing off from our commitment. We are going to go drive for 200. I'm absolutely confident we're going to see sizable increases. We hope it's 200.
Gary E. Bisbee - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And how does integrating the Nalco businesses -- I know they're run sort of globally at each of the level. But how does integrating that in Europe help the ability to do this? Are there a lot of synergies there within the total synergies you're talking about for the total transaction?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, there are. They're not going to be -- we also said -- I would say this is more probably next year and the follow-on years. But absolutely, look, you've got office buildings in every major European capital for both businesses. We don't need to -- I mean, it doesn't sound like a lot, but this stuff starts adding up sizably. You got back-office support for both businesses. We're already developing both of these independently, the ability to consolidate these operations, so now we can probably accelerate that. There will be some manufacturing and we already are seeing some purchasing synergies. You've got 2 principal companies in Switzerland, which will go down to one and a bunch of expats in both. So there are real synergy opportunities there that is not in the 100, 200 basis points I just talked about. That would be over and above. But realistically, that's going to be more a story next year, not this year.
Gary E. Bisbee - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then just the last question for me. I wanted to get a sense how you're thinking about returns these days. I know you've always been proud of the decades-long 20% return on beginning equity, and it seems to me that's probably unlikely this year given what the acquisition did to the shareholders' equity. Is there another metric you'll look to? Any sense on how quickly you'd get back to that level or any other return measure that you're using to gauge your success in 2012 or '13?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I'd say a couple of things, Gary. I mean, certainly, we've got a new base, and it reflects a number of accounting charges that we're recognizing, which are noncash. But it's a base, nonetheless. And our expectation is you're going to start seeing year-on-year increases in our returns even from this base. I would say the base certainly isn't reflective of cash returns on the business, which everyone here fully understands. And I think in our disclosure, people are interested in those calculations. They'll have the information from us to go calculate them. Now that's preference. We are going to look at both internally and making sure we're doing what we need to do to get the cash return on these investment as well as, long term, the public return numbers.
Operator: Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: A couple of questions, if I may. First of all, can you talk about the profit improvement at the GLS business -- or GCS business, I should say, whether you want to bracket it off of last quarter or a year ago quarter? Can you give us an idea of where the profitability in that business lies on now?
Douglas M. Baker: I'll be real quick, Dmitry. We lost about $150,000 in that nature first quarter. I think we had signaled, or I had, that first quarter is always, because of the low volume, right, we're going to be right around 0, which is where it ended up. It was considerably better than last year first quarter. And I would say certainly can be in business. It'll make money this year.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. So you would expect that to kind of get back up, profitability-wise, to where you start comping positive or continue to comp positive year-over-year at least?
Douglas M. Baker: Oh, yes, I mean, it comped positive even in this quarter versus last quarter. It's just a low-volume quarter, so you're down at the water level, right, basically. Now we fully expect Q2, 3 and 4 all to be profitable and profitable for the year.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Got it. Okay. Secondly, can you talk about the foreign exchange impact by region for the International operations? You provided the ex-FX revenue number. Can you give us the consolidated revenue number or growth, however you want to present it?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Why don't we do this, if you want real details, negative in Europe, positive in the balance, but pretty minor when you get down to it. And if you want some specific detail, Mike would be happy to provide it.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Fair enough. Your corporate exchange rate -- or I'm sorry, not your exchange rate, your corporate expenses, what sort of a magnitude number should we think about quarterly? I mean, is what you did in the first quarter pretty characteristic, or is there a lot of fluctuation in that number? I'm just not that familiar with the seasonality of Nalco's corporate expense portion.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, about what you saw in the first quarter is what you're going to see for the year. I think the forecast for the year is 230, in that range.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. So it's basically kind of sort of mid-double digit in terms of millions of dollars?
Michael Monahan: Well, we're saying it'd be around the same level here, around the $50 million, $55 million.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Right, so mid-double digits?
Michael Monahan: Right.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Got it. And then just can you refresh my memory? I must have been -- I don't know what happened why I missed it. But you're no longer reporting the Textile Care and the Vehicle Care performance. Has that been folded into other divisions? Should we be keeping track of it within other businesses now?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, it's in the total. I think it was just frankly how -- we're running out of space on the page. What we're trying to do is make sure we don't knock off businesses, which are, we think, of most interest to our investors...
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Sure, sure, I understand that.
Douglas M. Baker: And everything, but nothing else there. I mean, Vehicle Care business was down in the quarter, but we expect it was really mostly temporary. Here is where good weather hurts. Vehicle Care needs the perfect weather pattern, but we didn't have it. But for the year, the Vehicle Care business is fine. Textile was roughly flat.
Operator: Edward Yang with Oppenheimer.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: The first -- did you buy back any shares in the quarter, and what was the dollar amount?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, we bought back 1.4 million shares.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And the inventory build that you saw in the first quarter in Institutional, was there anything that -- why was the customer doing that? Was that in response to any promotions, or were they anticipating price increases?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I would say when they reduce inventory, we don't have terrific answers for you because it's not our decision and I don't have any great ones. It wasn't inducement. I would just say some of this is just kind of year-on-year noise in a quarter. It's a 13-week period. Their measurement of periods don't always coincide with ours, so you get some of this. But we want to call it out when it helps us, when it's favorable as well as unfavorable. The Institutional business underneath has strengthened, like, 5 quarters in a row. We feel very good about the momentum that that business has built, and so we're going to have some of these optic things here and there. But I would say the fundamentals there have improved and are improving, and a lot of it is great work by the Institutional team.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And along that vein, Doug, Pest also continues its improvement 3 straight quarters of acceleration there. Now it's growing 4% again. Historically, it's growing faster than that, so what do you expect out of Pest this year?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. No, I appreciate that. Pest has been, as we've said, one of our frustration points because it took us too long to rekindle top line growth. And we stated a couple of times last year that was the real focus. I think the good news is the team's efforts are starting to show up in top line performance. So I'd say we would expect for the year mid-type of single digit-type growth from them. But I think the fundamentals underneath, they are also improving in terms of lost business ratios versus new business ratios. And so that business, we feel, is starting to get traction and feel better about it. Ultimately, we don't have any reason to believe that it's not still upper-single-digit, low-double-digit type growth business. And we aim to get it back there.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And finally, I know Nalco, in the past, had some issues -- timing issues with propylene and raw materials versus their pricing. That was up -- propylene was up a lot in the first quarter. It looks like it's starting to get back down. Is there a way to quantify the sort of tailwinds from an earnings standpoint that you would see with some of your pricing catching up to the raws and maybe even some benefit from a decline in some of the raw materials sequentially?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I guess what I would say, we go pick on any raw. Propylene is maybe 2% of what we buy in total as a corporation. So you just got a much bigger pool here in terms of raw material purchase. I think if you really want to go in the broad basket, if you look at what we forecast and expectations, by and large, our forecast matches pretty much with what we had planned for the year. We had stated last year that we were going to relook at methodology for forecasting, either we're getting lucky, but really, as we go through the year, we feel we got a pretty good handle on where this is going to be, and we don't expect it to be a real broadcast story.
Operator: David Ridley-Lane with Merrill Lynch.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I wanted to follow up on the revenue synergy that you're getting from the integration with Nalco. Can you guys provide an update on the cross-selling results?
Douglas M. Baker: We had a very bullish forecast this year of 0, which we've been called a few times probably for good reasons. I guess the point was the gestation period of this type of work is longer, clearly, than cost synergies, so we will be 0. We already have quite a number of wins. They certainly didn't impact first quarter, but we are on this, I would say we have very favorable reception. We are learning how to put these together in a way that makes the most sense for our customer and drives the most value, what a lot of this early sales work is. And I would say that's where we're concentrating right now on is how do you drive maximum value with the combo, and there's great benefit here. And I would say early work is quite positive, but I don't think this is going to determine or have a real bearing on our year. It is going to be important for '13, '14, '15.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Sure. And then given the operating leverage at Nalco and the strong revenue growth there, I'm just wondering, what does capacity utilization look like for Nalco?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I would say -- meaning, is there a bunch of upside increased utilization? I'm sorry, I'm not tracking.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Sure, sure. I wasn't clear there. I'm wondering if you're running out of capacity utilization because that division has definitely delivered in the first quarter. And so I'm wondering how much you're running it. Are you running third shifts, or do you still have a little leeway?
Douglas M. Baker: I got it. I understand the question. I'm sorry. Yes, it's a very fair question. I would say we have already approved in February board meeting a new plant for the Energy business as a result of this. And it was a plant that was foreseen for a while. We had talked about it even when we announced the deal that this was capacity that was needed. So the first board meeting we had as a combined company, we approved it, and so it's already underway. I would say we've got, we think, adequate plans in hand to meet the demand needs and capacity needs of that business. There is capacity. The manufacturing teams on both sides have done a good job finding more capacity near term. But long term, we think we're okay.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And just one last one, if I could. The pricing momentum we've seen here in the first quarter results appears to me to be pretty sustainable for the balance of the year. Would you kind of agree, or do you see things that would cause pricing to slow in the back half?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I think we expect that we will continue to have success gaining new pricing from customers as we go throughout the year. You start running into a higher base when you start doing percentage comparisons, but aside from that, I would agree. We anticipate and we will continue to build pricing throughout the year.
Operator: Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Lucy Watson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: This is Lucy on for Laurence today. You got into 200-plus basis point sequential improvement in the SG&A to sales metric for Q2. I'm just wondering, I guess, how much of that improvement you would attribute to restructuring efforts in your core business versus synergies or price or maybe other factors that I've not included there.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, you get -- when you got this macro number, you have a number of businesses, regions, all adding up into this number. So we don't have a simple build for you as we go through this. Certainly, you're starting to see some synergies, particularly on the corporate G&A side, no doubt are having an impact here. But we have not stopped driving productivity in our core businesses in any of them, the Water, Energy, Institutional or F&B. In long term, that's the work that's most fundamental to driving improved SG&A ratios. So that is still underway, growing technology, rolling out. If anything, there's going to be real synergies and leveraging each other's technologies to drive further improvement in productivity long term.
Lucy Watson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And going back to the U.S. Institutional business quickly, do you expect to continue to benefit from the distributor inventory restocking that you noted into Q2, or was the lumpiness that you discussed earlier meant to imply that, that was just a Q1 benefit?
Douglas M. Baker: If anything, our guess is that it flips the other way in Q2 and probably gets offset there. It's a guess, it's an educated one, but that's our -- that's what our belief is.
Lucy Watson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And one last one, if I may. Your appetite for paying down debt?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, what we've said our focus is right now is make sure we operate the businesses. We still have bolt-on acquisitions. The biggest way we're going to improve the debt ratio long term is by improving EBITDA, and that's going to be the primary focus. Well, we will end up doing some debt paydown. It'll become a focus next year, in '13.
Operator: Mark Gulley with Gulley & Associates.
Mark R. Gulley - Gulley & Associates LLC: My question regards something which may be a little bit in the future with respect to Nalco Energy, which -- it looks like it's hitting on all cylinders, and I'm referring now to ways to play natural gas frac-ing. It involves water. Water is right up your power alley for both sides of the company. And there's a lot of talk now that recycling is going to be a much better solution than reinjection. Can you talk a bit about, Doug, about what work Nalco might be doing there and whether or not what I'm talking about seems real to you?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, we would agree. And I think that's true, certainly, in energy and frac-ing, the example you used. But that is also true in the industrial space broadly that the big initiatives in Water need to be how do you create processes which reduce water use to start and then how do you recycle and reuse the water that's still coming out the back end of whatever process you are, whether it's frac-ing, whether it's an industrial process, across the board. So that is a focus area. The frac-ing, specifically, we agree. I mean, there's a number of things that are being worked on along that line, which is -- a lot of the water is coming back out. How do you manage it and handle it? Most of the frac-ing-related contamination concerns you have are really related to post-use water. It becomes groundwater and seeps down 200 feet. It's not the frac-ing water 5,000 feet down, moving up 40, 800 feet, if you will. And so that's an important area, I think, broadly, for that industry because it addresses a key concern and enables them, frankly, to reduce costs in their frac-ing operations because otherwise, you're trucking water in mostly to these operations, which is quite expensive, and neighbors don't like it. It's a big production.
Mark R. Gulley - Gulley & Associates LLC: As kind of a follow-up, I seem to recall that Nalco had headquartered it's energy operations in the Middle East on the assumption that's where the growth was, and I'm wondering if given what I just talked about here and other factors, whether or not it makes sense to, perhaps, reverse that decision going forward.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I mean, look, Steve Taylor and the management team there are excellent, a broad team. And I would say that's really for that team to go figure out. Steve is the guy on airplanes, and those kind of calls, I mean, we work with them, but really, to me, that's the Energy team's call.
Operator: John Roberts with Buckingham Research.
John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: The TRASAR monitoring system at Nalco is one of the key synergy things. Will you feature that at the NRA next week? Is that maybe your first opportunity to try to pitch that to your Institutional clients?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, the immediate benefit that we see leveraging TRASAR in what I'll call historic Ecolab businesses is really much more in the F&B space. Then next would be in the Textile Care and some of the other. And so that's the immediate focus, and there's a lot of work being done around that specifically. And so when I was asked earlier about growth synergies, it's really how do you best tie in the technology, leverage the technology and put the service elements together to bring maximum benefit to customers. And TRASAR is at the center of that. It is excellent technology.
John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: So you don't see it for your large hotel customers and so forth who might be at NRA?
Douglas M. Baker: We have it, but it's not -- there are more specific shows. So that is not what we'll be showing there, but we have a number of innovations. Ultimately, we think TRASAR, as we learn how to do it, will benefit Institutional. But that's down the road. Our immediate focus is F&B.
Michael Monahan: And John, the NRA Show is more about the kitchen area than it would be about the boiler and cooling tower. So as you know, 3D TRASAR is already at hotels or in hotels for the boiler and cooling tower, but the NRA focus is much more on the kitchen side.
Douglas M. Baker: Buyers for that are not at the NRA.
John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: You called out the EcoSure investment. I imagine it's a small step up in the total scheme of Ecolab. But could you maybe talk about what's going on there since you called it out?
Douglas M. Baker: It's really just simple. We're going through a transition in that business, where previously, it's the only business where we conducted service with what you call contracted folks, not our won employees. The business has such a scale, and to move forward, we're moving that into our own employees. And so how you handle these expenses is quite different, and it shows up in SG&A. And it's just as really as much a geography issue on the P&L as anything else. But it's several hundred people migrating over. That's what's going on.
Operator: Mike Harrison with First Analysis.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: I was hoping to ask a question on Energy. What were enhanced oil recovery sales in the first quarter and how much growth are you seeing there? Are we at a time where EOR's time is going to finally come that we might start seeing the hockey stick-type growth with the shift to oil shales in North America and presumably, decent oil prices going forward?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, the EOR had big growth rates, but it's a relatively small business in total for us. So it was up probably 50%, but it's the law of small base. EOR and everything else, we expect that to be a very good business long term. It is not dictating the fortunes of the Energy business or Ecolab in total right now.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: And then, it's been a little while since you discussed new account adds in the Institutional business. How much improvement have we seen on that metric in the last couple of quarters?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, Institutional had a huge first quarter in terms of new account wins. Legacy Ecolab was up almost 50%. Institutional is leading the pack. So I don't know if I have year-on-year. These are large corporate accounts. They had a very good quarter, which is a lot of work that's been going on for a while. But I would say on a number of metrics, Institutional looks healthy. It is a big business. It's doesn't jump up or down quickly. But you can see strong sequential improvement over the last 5 quarters, and we expect it to have a very good year.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: And then kind of a similar question on Kay, you categorize that as a little bit elephant hunting, and it sounds like you bagged an elephant this quarter. Can you maybe give some more details on that?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, we don't throw a list of new account wins with specifics, but most of the new business wins, and it was several, were in the FRS business. Suffice it to say where Kay's growth is right now, it's Fast Food internationally, outside U.S. U.S. is doing fine, but really, where the high growth is, strong double digit, outside the U.S. And food retail still is gaining share at a very, very fast clip, frankly, everywhere.
Operator: Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Can you just walk me through a little bit about the puts and takes on the Global Paper services division? It seems like you guys are doing a good job in getting pricing. And in this division, it's just not catching up in terms of offsetting the headwinds that you're getting from the raws. Can you talk about that? Is that an end market issue primarily vis--vis the other businesses that you've got?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, price in Paper was pretty strong. Honestly, in the quarter, it was up 4% year-on-year. On a dollar basis, it did offset its raw materials, not to the point where it offset it on a margin basis. But the story, as we always said, was really the Paper, Water and Energy businesses is very similar to the Institutional and Food & Beverage businesses, which is year one, typically, you're trying to neutralize, on a dollar basis, raw materials via price, and you'd catch up in subsequent years on margin. That pattern has played out for Ecolab for a while, and as we said, the execution on Energy and Water this last year were excellent, and so we see the same pattern moving there as well. So Paper had pretty strong price performance. Paper's real challenge was volume. That was in 2 regions. It was in China, where we had pretty sizable slowdown in manufacturing, which stops corrugated temporarily. We don't think China is a perma problem. So that's probably a pothole that we're going to get out of. And then you have Europe, which has been much more long-term, secular, and we all know Europe's challenges. And Europe's not going to come back nearly as fast. In other parts of the world, Paper was fine, really, when you look at it. So those are really -- that will be the landscape of the Paper business.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So should we expect that the margins will start improving at the end part of this year on a growth perspective, or are we looking towards 2013 for that?
Douglas M. Baker: I'd say on gross profit across the business, we are going to be showing year-on-year gross margin improvement on every business by Q3 and in most businesses, Q2, right, including Paper. So midyear is where we'll all have this crossing point, where you start seeing year-on-year gross margin spread versus last year. In some businesses, it's a few months earlier. In some, a few months late. But that -- pick July 1 as kind of your demarcation point, you're going to be more or less right.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. Then just going back to the cross-sell opportunities and the cross-sell synergies, last quarter, you were particularly enthusiastic about where you were after being -- having the business for a couple months. I know it's a long sales cycle. Has anything changed upwards, downwards or you're basically the same? You thought it was strong last time, and you're at the same point as you were a quarter ago.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. No, I still like it. I mean, I would say we feel very good about conversations. We've closed business already in every region, in fact. So yes, no, I think we remain quite confident in our ability to go drive continued growth across legacy businesses but also get after the synergy number that we've talked about.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And then lastly, what's the free cash flow expectation for this year? And afterwards, what's a good normalized number to think about?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, EBITDA this year, $2.3 billion. CapEx, in the 1.7 -- yes, CapEx is $600 million, sorry. So you can do the math.
Operator: Andrew Wittmann with Robert W. Baird.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Hey guys, I just wanted to ask a couple more on Nalco here. I know this isn't particularly fair, but there was a large contract that was won that's clearly contributing to your growth rate. But excluding that one large contract, can you talk about what the organic growth rate in Nalco's Energy business would be?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. You know what, that contract really wasn't that material to this growth rate yet. It's a long-term contract and is really just starting to come on and so was not that material at all. I'll call it almost immaterial to the quarter. So that business is in front of us. We're not in the middle of it.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: So then the fact that you're looking at high-teens growth kind of going forward, is that assuming that the contract kicks in for second quarter, or is that contract even further out?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, more second half. Probably where we start seeing benefits, that would start registering. I think one, it's kind of funny to be apologizing about high-teens growth, so I'll try not to become apologetic. I think the high-teens growth is excellent expectation, and it's fundamentally that, as I mentioned earlier, you start out with your base last year around 15 organic and end up at 24 organic. So you're simply going against a larger base. If you compare it against 2010, you can still see very strong improvement in terms of overall growth.
Michael Monahan: And Andy, that growth in Energy is across all the segments of it. So it's a strong overall business, not led by any one particular contract or piece.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. Just to hit more broadly on Nalco, I think before you guys reclassified some of your earnings, you were talking about hopefully delivering around 14% operating margin for that business. Under the new classification, what do you think is a reasonable bogey for the Nalco segment in total?
Douglas M. Baker: All right. OI trivia for 100. I'm getting there. I'm trying to look at the 2 because some of the landscape has changed. It's going to be in the middle teens-type range as a starting point. And obviously, in every one of our businesses, we expect to be able to generate operating income margin leverage going forward. It's the #1 driver for improved returns on capital, right? I mean, it's the happiest part of the equation, and so we would expect -- so that's going to be about the base that we expect to be able to build those margins here on out from here.
Operator: John McNulty with Credit Suisse.
John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a quick question. On the new business that you -- that it looks like you're picking up, particularly for the old legacy Ecolab, is this coming largely from the Diversey business. I know you're starting to see some real share leakage there now that they've changed ownership.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I would say the new business -- I mean, look. Certainly, Diversey is our largest single global competitor in our Food & Beverage and Institutional space. And so certainly, some of the new business success came from a nonexclusive way. And we really don't get into where exactly it came from, but I would say it came from a variety of competitors.
John P. McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then just for the quarter, what were the European margins for core Ecolab?
Douglas M. Baker: In this quarter, they were negative. I think it was less than negative 1 point. And in our expectation, obviously -- the first quarter for Europe is a very small volume quarter. So it's always the one that's really bouncing around in terms of plus, minus. For the year and each quarter going forward, we expect, one, to make money and, two, to have daylight on a margin basis between this year and last year.
Operator: Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This is Brian Maguire on for Bob this morning. Just a question on the Global Energy results. Obviously, very impressive. We're just curious how those compare to what you were expecting when you laid out the first quarter guidance. And then just maybe a broader question on that. It's been a long time since we've seen any business at Ecolab grow anywhere near 53% year-over-year. Do you anticipate any additional challenges from forecasting this business going forward?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I would say if you got into -- Energy, it depends what forecast we're going to look at. Energy was stronger in the quarter than forecast. But I would say I wouldn't consider a surprise by how the quarter came in. We had a few positives. Institutional ended up -- a business we've been forecasting for, I think, since 1923 was a little stronger in the quarter as well. I mean, it's an aggregate, and I think the process that we're going through as we do this to make sure that we have a handle on the business. And so we had a little bit better than we forecast in total, which we think is more positive than negative. But I don't think it's a sign that we're having difficulties forecasting.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then another just kind of broad question about the integration. It doesn't seem like you're seeing any signs of strain on the organization based on the results. But just curious below the surface if you're under-resourced in any area? Do you see any kind of potential stumbling blocks down the road from the way the reorganization is coming together?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, first, all I'll say that we never had a team report to me that doesn't think they're under-resourced in every region of the world, so that's like a truth no matter what the situation is. But the straight answer is, look, we're running regular surveys of team, how we're doing, where are we. We're capturing the hearts as well as the minds as we go through this. The surveys have been quite positive about the work that's out there. I think these are important things to understand, and so that part is, right now, quite positive. And I always say right now because we don't take it for granted going forward. We need to continue to earn trust and make sure that we're doing the right things as we go through this. I think the team has done a great job. And the #1 focus for us is don't lose sight of what is important, which is driving organic sales growth. And we can't use integration as an excuse. And if there's a strength in this culture, it is we do not believe in excuses. We have to understand challenges, but we are going to find a way to overcome them and deliver them. And that is core to our culture. And I think the team, all teams, WPS, Energy, Institutional, F&B, have really done a good job keeping their teams focused on customers and growth, while we have a dedicated team and many of the G&A functions are very busy doing very good integration work. And so the division has worked, and we plan to continue to go that way. We got big integration work to do. It is not going to distract us, and I think the first quarter is a good indication of that.
Operator: P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Your global operating margins in Water are about 8.6%, and these are even below that of Paper. So are you happy with these margins? And what's your long-term goal in Global Water margins?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, our expectation on Water -- you know what, first, the quarter is the quarter, and the first quarter is always the droopiest quarter on margin comparisons for us because of the volume, including in Water and the rest. Our expectation and Water forecast is Water will see year-on-year margin expansion this year on OI, as well, I think, virtually every one of our businesses as we go through this. I would say we aren't satisfied with anybody's margin if you really get down to it because we think they all can be improved over time. And so I think coming into it, if you would talk to Erik and Dave last year, they would have said we believe margin in Waters can be improved over time. We share that. We believe the plan they've been following, and we are helping execute now, along those lines, will bear fruit. And we think Water margins, over time, will show improvement, starting with this year.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then just quickly, on Healthcare, there wasn't a whole lot of discussion on Healthcare, which was expected to be a long-term growth driver. But it seems that the growth has slowed down due to these pressures on Healthcare costs. So I'm just wondering maybe you can share some more light on Healthcare?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. No, we are still -- we like our Healthcare business. And I think the moves that we've made in the last 18 months or so have been very positive. Healthcare profit, if you start looking at the global enterprise, is now quite attractive. We've made some very smart acquisitions. We've integrated quite successfully. We had ambitious plans, and we're beating them. Our Healthcare team is absolutely all over organic growth and starting to show trend improvement in those areas, too. So I think there's a lot of natural interest in the "new part of Ecolab," but it's not because Healthcare isn't important to us. Now you talked about temporary challenges. Yes, no doubt, you've seen the numbers. Surgeries are down recently and everything else. There's a number of uninsured folks, but long term, we think the trends of aging population trump, right, any near-term trend you have on healthcare costs kind of abating. If we're wrong, Healthcare won't grow as fast. It will just grow a little slower, but we will have peak savings in our healthcare costs. So I know we'll be okay.
Operator: Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Could you give us a feel for the timing in terms of Pest returning to the 10% to 12% type of growth rate? Do you have a feel for it, or do you need -- what more do you need to do than what you have been doing over the past couple of years trying to fix it?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I think, Rosemarie, I mean, it's going to take a while. I mean, this business doesn't just jump. I mean, it's a business -- it's a contract business that you sell customer by customer. So we expect it to take -- honestly, I mean, I don't expect we're going to be there, at the earliest, until 2014. With that said, we expect to see continued improvement in sales, and that's going to also drive continued improvement in operating income. So it's not like there's going to be any sad news between here and there. It's just going to need to build sequentially over time. What do we need? I mean, they're on it. It's going to be driven by innovation and execution. It's the same 2 fundamentals that drive all the rest of the businesses. It's what the team is on. And with the innovation they're starting to drive, it will start enabling them to go command share gains. And without that, you can't sustain growth. And so that's why we put so much emphasis on our product pipelines, what we're doing, what we share, when we're doing well there because we think it is at the heart of our success. And Pest is now on it. They got a good pipeline. They have to go execute.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then if I may, you talked about the slow demand for Paper in Asia. But Asia is actually the area of the world where you have new paper mills and where the demand for paper overall is growing from almost nothing. So could it be that Nalco does not have enough business in Asia and that most of the bulk of their paper business is in Europe and in North America and therefore, coming down?
Douglas M. Baker: No. Well, as I indicated, we don't expect the issue, and it was specifically China, that the issue in China is -- we don't believe it's a long-term issue. So we agree with you. Is that -- would we like more share there? Well, sure. I mean, absolutely. But the issue was -- there was a temporary issue in China manufacturing. We didn't make this up, right? This is pretty widely discussed across the board, and I think if you start looking at probably results of other places, you'll see some of the same thing. But we do not expect it to be a long-term story.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then I have to ask, did you see any change in the morale of the Nalco people since Erik left?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I mean, one, he hasn't left yet. I think it's tomorrow, technically.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: When the announcement was made, I correct.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I mean -- I would say broadly, I don't think this was a huge surprise to the Nalco team. So Erik had huge respect in the team, but the team has been adjusting to this and understands this for months now, right? We announced in July of last year. So while the date was probably a surprise, because nobody could predict exactly that, I don't think the staff was surprised.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: So you are saying before we learned about it maybe a month ago, he had already made it known just about at the time of the acquisition or thereabouts?
Douglas M. Baker: Oh, no. I would just say I think the team -- I think there was a broad expectation. Look, this is one of the likely outcomes. We learned the day before quite officially that we announced. We had a legal obligation to announce something like that. No, I'm just saying that, look, we're both of same age. We end up not having co-CEOs in many organizations. We certainly weren't going to have one here. And so I don't think this is a surprise to the Energy or WPS team, so they had months to adjust to this. And so I don't think this is really new news with -- the date was news but not the fact that Erik was more likely not to be here long term. Erik did a great job. I will have to say and I would like to share it in an announcement. He really handled this incredibly well. And so we worked very hard -- we worked a lot together last year, particularly post announcement. He was hugely helpful. One of the reasons I think we're off to a very strong start is the work that Erik's done. And so I appreciate what he's done. So I'll miss him, and I think everybody will miss him, but I don't think it was a real surprise.
Operator: Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: What was adjusted EBITDA in the quarter?
Michael Monahan: Jeff, you've got the EBIT number in the corporate segment and the D&A in the slide.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I can add them up. I was wondering whether it was a total. That was different than when you add the items. Is it $460.4 million?
Michael Monahan: It's $343 million. Jeff?
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes?
Michael Monahan: It's $343 million.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. In your adjustments for last year in the Institutional business, your sales went down $20 million, but your operating income went up a little bit more than $3 million. And in your FX, your year-over-year sales went down a little bit more than $10 million, but you don't really see that in the FX change. Are there some FX gains? And why was the operating income in Institutional restated upward last year?
Douglas M. Baker: Jeff, are you looking at the global or international number?
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I'm looking at your domestic number.
Douglas M. Baker: Okay, I'll tell you what. Why don't we follow up offline because it's more of a technical question. I'd have to take a look at the numbers with you. So let's take -- I'll call you back.
Operator: Richard O'Reilly [ph] with Revere Associates [ph].
Unknown Analyst: Can you give us the worldwide Food & Beverage sales growth. I mean, you referred to it a couple times, but I don't know if you actually quantified it.
Douglas M. Baker: It's 6%.
Unknown Analyst: 6%, okay. And then second, on the corporate line, corporate expense line, the $54 million, how much of that is purchase accounting or the fixed expense related to the merger?
Douglas M. Baker: $46 million of it.
Unknown Analyst: $26 million, okay.
Michael Monahan: $46 million.
Unknown Analyst: $46 million, okay, fine.
Michael Monahan: Richard, look at the slides on Slide 6. It breaks it out there.
Unknown Analyst: It shows it as $54 million as the corporate expense.
Michael Monahan: Yes, look to the right. There's a comment, I think, that gives the...
Unknown Analyst: Okay, fine. So the real cash cost is not $8 million. Okay, fine.
Operator: And at this time, I'm showing no further questions.
Michael Monahan: All right, everybody, thank you very much. And there are no further questions, so thanks, everyone, for your participation. If you have any questions, please follow up with us. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for participating on today's conference call. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-28 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Monahan - Vice President of External Relations Douglas M. Baker - Chairman of The Board and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Gary E. Bisbee - Barclays Capital, Research Division Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Lucy Watson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc. Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Alina Khaykin 
Operator: Welcome to the Ecolab Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Michael Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Monahan: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's fourth quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman and CEO. A copy of our earnings release and accompanying slides referenced in the teleconference are available on Ecolab's website at investor.ecolab.com.  Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements on Slide 12 stating that this teleconference and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Form 10-K under Item 1A, risk factors, in our fourth quarter earnings release and on Slide 2. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release.  Starting with our overview in Slide 3, we delivered strong results once again in the fourth quarter. We leveraged our sales volume, growth, pricing and cost-efficiency work along with excellent acquisition performances to offset significantly higher delivered product cost to produce another strong double-digit increase in our adjusted earnings per share. In addition, note that we included one month of Nalco's U.S. results in our quarter, reflecting their operations in the period following our December 1 close.  Looking ahead, we expect to continue outperforming our combined markets and show good earnings gains in the first quarter and stronger growth for the full year as better sales growth, pricing, innovation, synergies and margin leverage more than offset lessening increases in delivered product cost and merger-related cost. Further, we expect 2012 will be our 10th year of double-digit adjusted EPS growth in the last 11, and we will do so while setting up further strong growth in the years ahead.  Moving to some highlights from the quarter and as discussed in our press release, reported fourth quarter earnings per share were $0.34. On an adjusted basis, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items from both years as well as the impact from the Nalco merger from 2011, fourth quarter 2011 earnings per share increased 17% to $0.70 which was the midpoint of our forecasted range. The adjusted earnings per share growth was driven by volume and pricing gains, new products and new accounts which, along with the strong performance from acquisitions, lower variable compensation and cost-savings actions, more than offset higher delivered product cost.  We enjoyed strong sales growth in our Food & Beverage and Kay businesses worldwide. Geographically, Latin America was strong, and our Canada operations also saw good gains. We continue to be aggressive, focusing on accelerating our top line growth as we emphasize our innovative product and service strengths to help drive increased market share in our core businesses and new account acquisition across all of our customer segments. We also continue to implement appropriate price increases to help offset higher delivered product cost.  We remain focused on expanding our margins, emphasizing productivity and efficiency improvements to help increase profitability as well as drive merger synergies. We are achieving excellent progress in our actions to improve profitability in our Europe business. We have seen the benefits of these actions in our results. Though, as we outlined in our last call, Europe's fourth quarter also reflected the impact of significantly higher raw material cost. We continue to expect strong margin improvement in the fourth quarter 2012 with further significant gains over the next several years. We also continue to make investments in key growth businesses and acquisitions to build future growth.  As announced in our January update, our work to integrate Ecolab and Nalco has gone very well. The merger bolsters our opportunity set for our customers and positions us as the leader in additional high-growth markets that leverage our mutual core strengths in product technology and sales and service execution. We look for the first quarter results to show upper single-digit sales growth led by global energy and our Asia Pacific and Latin America operations. This strong business performance will be impacted by the much higher depreciation and amortization expense from our merger in what is our seasonally slowest sales quarter.  As such, first quarter adjusted EPS is expected to be in the $0.46 to $0.49 range compared with adjusted EPS of $0.45 earned by legacy Ecolab in the first quarter of 2011. However, we expect the quarterly earnings growth rate to accelerate over the balance of the year as higher fixed depreciation and amortization and interest expense are offset by increasing benefits from synergies and cost reductions by seasonally higher revenues and by underlying business growth. We look for full-year earnings per share to rise 16% to 20% to the $2.95 to $3.05 range.  In summary, we expect 2012 to reflect another strong performance by Ecolab as we show accelerating quarterly earnings gains to once again deliver very attractive growth and shareholder returns this year and set the stage for improved results in the years ahead.  Slide 4 shows our adjusted income statement and Slide 5 shows our sales growth detail. Ecolab's reported consolidated sales for the fourth quarter, including the impact of Nalco, increased 17%. Excluding the impact of Nalco and the previously disclosed contract modification charge, legacy Ecolab's fixed currency fourth quarter sales increased 7%. Looking at the fixed currency components, volume and mix increased 2%, pricing rose 2% and acquisitions were 2%. Rounding accounts for the difference.  Sales for our U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing operations rose 8%. Adjusted for acquisitions, sales increased 5%. Institutional sales grew 4% in the fourth quarter.  Sales initiatives targeting new accounts and effective product and service programs continue to lead our results and outperform mixed end markets. Shipments to our end-use customers continue to show steady sequential improvement. Lodging room demand continued to show good growth against tougher comparables, while food service foot traffic remains soft.  To drive our growth and improve on our industry leadership, we're introducing more new products that deliver increased value and reduced labor, water and energy cost for customers in our warewashing, laundry and housekeeping markets.  We have fully rolled out Solid Power XL, our new concentrated warewashing product that provides 50% more cleaning power per capsule. The Cleaning Caddy, which won an industry innovation award and provides customers with the ability to more easily and frequently clean their restroom with less downtime, thereby saving money and improving guest and employee satisfaction, had strong growth in the quarter.  Further, we are developing new programs with distributors to target regional and independent chains and drive better penetration and new account growth. We also continue to make additional investments in our sales and service force and leverage additional marketing initiatives to drive sales growth. We expect continued progress in the first quarter as these growth drivers and new initiatives and innovations help Institutional show steady sales gains and once again significantly outperform its markets.  Kay's fourth quarter sales increased 9%. Quick service sales reflected strong shipments to current customers and to distributors. The food retail business rose modestly. We expect continued good new account gains in food retail, along with quick service sales to drive another year of upper single-digit sales growth for Kay in 2012. However, first quarter sales gains will be flattish, reflecting the timing of shipments to major customers.  Healthcare sales increased 35% with year-on-year O.R. Solutions growth of 13%. Excluding the acquisition of O.R. Solutions, sales increased 4% as good growth from instrument reprocessing, environmental hygiene and surgical drapes was slowed by continuing weak U.S. health care industry market trends.  We continue to see new account gains from our OptiPro Instrument Reprocessing line for central sterile and further good progress in our EnCompass Environmental Hygiene line for patient room hygiene. Further, O.R. Solutions continues to show strong growth. Looking ahead, first quarter sales are expected to show steady organic and strong reported sales gains.  Food & Beverage sales rose 6%. Sales increased in both segments, led by corporate account wins, pricing and product penetration. Food & Beverage will continue to focus on new account acquisition, pricing and new product sales to show continued solid growth in the first quarter of 2012.  Sales for U.S. Other Services rose 2% in the fourth quarter. Pest Elimination sales rose modestly as gains in food processing, healthcare, hospitality and food retail were mostly offset by slow and cautious conditions in other major end markets as well as reduced add-on service sales.  We are working to develop new products and program solutions to better meet our customer needs and differentiate our offerings. Recent new program launches, like Guardian Plus for full-service restaurants and bedbug treatments in non-hospitality markets, such as long-term care, retail and restaurants, are showing good results. We expect our new products and programs, along with aggressive selling, to help offset the soft market and yield sales improvement in 2012.  Sales for Equipment Care, formally called GCS, increased 4% in the quarter. Equipment Care again turned in a modest profit, its second quarter in a row. New account wins and appropriate pricing helped to drive the sales and profit gain. We remain focused on developing chain account relationships and driving sales through their regional and franchise organizations. We expect Equipment Care to again show strong sales growth and continued profit improvement in 2012.  Measured in fixed currencies, international sales increased 6%. Adjusted for acquisitions, sales increased 4%. Europe, Middle East and Africa sales rose 2% in the fourth quarter at fixed currency rates as we continue to offset softening end markets in the region. Europe's institutional fourth quarter sales were flat versus a year ago. New business gains among regional and local customers leveraged new products but were offset by weak demand, primarily in the Mediterranean countries.  Food & Beverage sales rose nicely over last year, reflecting market share gains. Food & Beverage continues to focus on corporate accounts, emphasizing cost savings benefits of our innovative products. Textile Care sales declined in the fourth quarter, reflecting soft work wear markets. We are using new products and technology to offset these market trends and improve Textile Care results.  Europe Healthcare sales showed a good increase led by gains in both the infection prevention and contamination control segments. Europe -- Pest Europe sales increased modestly as a continued focus on corporate accounts and new programs, along with continued operational improvements yielded the gain.  Our work to improve operating efficiency in our Europe operations is showing good progress. We continue to roll out our shared services strategy into new areas and processes and thereby, accelerate savings from our earlier work. In addition, recent actions include further consolidation of raw material suppliers in order to reduce complexity and leverage purchasing and the announced consolidation of facilities in our German offices and other countries to improve productivity and reduce cost.  Looking ahead, we expect Europe's first quarter to show continued modest fixed currency sales growth as it works through the softening and very challenging business environment. The persistent raw material increases in these tough economic conditions occurring in Europe's seasonally smallest sales quarter are likely to result in first quarter margin improvement showing a pause, but it should pick up again in the second quarter.  Asia Pacific sales grew 14% in fixed currencies. Adjusted for acquisitions, fixed currency sales grew 4%. We estimate the effects of the earthquake in Japan and floods in Thailand continue to impact results but reduced our fourth quarter -- and reduced our fourth quarter sales gain by about 2 percentage points.  Institutional sales adjusted for the Cleantec acquisition showed good growth. New programs and a focus on restaurant and lodging expansion in the emerging Asia markets helped offset the impact of earthquakes in Japan and New Zealand earlier this year. Food & Beverage sales also enjoyed strong organic growth, and the new account gains and new product penetration led the increase. Looking ahead, Asia Pacific expects continued strong sales growth in the first quarter of 2012.  Fourth quarter sales for Ecolab's Canadian operations increased 6% at fixed currency rates as solid growth in the core businesses drove results. Latin America reported a strong sales gain, rising 15% in fixed currencies as all divisions in that region grew double digits. Institutional growth was driven by new accounts, increased product penetration and continued success with global and regional accounts. Food & Beverage sales reflect strong demand in the beverage and brewing markets as well as the benefits of new accounts, and Pest Elimination sales showed a double-digit gain.  Overall, we expect attractive growth trends to continue in Latin America and yield another double-digit gain in the first quarter. We included Nalco's segment results in our fourth quarter financial statements only for the month following our merger. And these results were only for their U.S. operations, because our international businesses operate on a November 30 fiscal year. Obviously, any one-month period is not a good indicator of business performance. Therefore, we include the following qualitative comments regarding the full fourth quarter performance of Nalco's businesses on the Ecolab calendar basis in order to provide a continuity regarding their business progress. But also note, the fourth quarter results were affected by onetime events related to merger and integration activity.  Nalco sales for the full fourth quarter rose 13% to $1.2 billion in fixed currencies, excluding acquisitions. Adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures, fixed currency global water service sales increased 9% in the fourth quarter. Double-digit growth in mining led the quarter as new technology launches, recovering power plant demand and continued appropriate pricing drove sales. Light industry sales were essentially flat.  Regionally, growth was strong in the U.S., Latin America and Europe, while Asia Pacific was soft. We expect continued solid growth in the first quarter as further market penetration using our industry-leading 3D TRASAR technology and superior products and services should offset softer Europe as well as somewhat slower global primary metals and light manufacturing end markets.  Global sales for Paper Services slowed to low single-digit growth in the fourth quarter. Good growth in the U.S. and Latin America was partially offset by weakness in Asia Pacific and Europe, reflecting the slower graphic paper and packaging end markets and as year-end inventory control actions were implemented by a number of customers. We expect first quarter sales to show better growth driven by our targeted and differentiated technology offerings that will help us outpace the market.  Measured in fixed currencies, energy services global sales grew an impressive 21%, reflecting continued strong demand, market share gains and appropriate pricing. Strong double-digit growth in our upstream business reflected the continued success of our superior product technology and sales and service expertise, our ability to reliably supply customers to assure production mix innovation and our strategy to focus on products and services on harder to reach and harder to treat oil. Further, we benefited from the expansion of our operations in emerging countries as well as unconventional production in North America from shale and Canadian oil sands.  We also enjoyed double-digit growth in our downstream business as we again outperformed the market through share gains that leveraged our industry-leading products, systems and services. We expect double-digit growth to continue in the first quarter as business fundamentals for upstream remains strong and offset slower downstream markets in Europe and North America. We're excited about the outlook, and we'll continue to focus efforts on new production, geographic expansion and building technical expertise as well as support infrastructure in the critical new growth markets.  Turning to margins in the income statement and Slide 6 of our presentation. Fourth quarter reported gross margins were 47.6%. Adjusted for Nalco results and the impact of special charges, gross margins were 49.4%, a decrease of 90 basis points from last year. The decrease in the adjusted gross margin primarily reflected the impact of higher delivered product cost, which more than offset the impact of volume and pricing gains from a gross margin perspective.  In absolute dollar terms, pricing equaled the higher delivered product cost in the fourth quarter. Further, it looks like the rate of year-over-year increase in those costs have slowed and that pricing and cost reduction actions we are taking will grow and drive comparable business gross margin expansion in the future quarters.  Reported SG&A expenses represent 35.3% of sales. Adjusted for the Nalco impact, currencies and special charges, SG&A expenses were 34.6% of sales, 220 basis points below last year. Leverage from the sales gains and acquisitions, lower variable compensation as well as cost savings efforts led the improvement.  Operating income for Ecolab's U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing segment rose 27%. Adjusted for acquisitions, U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing operating income increased 19%. Pricing, volume gains, lower variable compensation in comparison to a period that included a customer receivable write-down more than offset higher delivered product cost in the quarter.  Operating income for U.S. Other Services declined 2% as higher service delivery costs slightly offset pricing and variable compensation reductions. International fixed currency operating income increased 6% versus last year. Margins were steady as volume and pricing gains and improved efficiencies offset higher delivered product costs.  Only one month of Nalco's operating income was included in our fourth quarter reported results. For the full fourth quarter, Nalco's operating income was similar to last year. We do not believe the results to be meaningful in determining business trends since this period included a number of onetime events related to the merger close and integration activities. More importantly, first quarter trends show Nalco operating income improving sharply over last year, which is more consistent with the underlying business.  Corporate segment and tax rate are discussed in the press release. We repurchased 9.4 million shares during the fourth quarter. The net of this performance is that Ecolab's reported fourth quarter diluted earnings per share of $0.34 compared with $0.56 reported a year ago. When adjusted for special gains and charges and discrete tax items in both years, adjusted earnings increased 17% to $0.70 when compared with $0.60 earned a year ago.  Turning to Slide 7. Ecolab's balance sheet reflected the impact of the Nalco merger. Total debt to total capital was 57% at December 31 compared with 28% reported a year ago. Our net debt was 50%. This includes a payment for the 9 million shares purchased under our accelerated share repurchase program.  Turning to cash flow. Ecolab's cash from operations in the fourth quarter reflected Nalco merger-related payments of $79 million, a $30 million customer contract modification and other charges which lowered reported net income. Full year cash flow reflected these as well as a $100 million pension payment in the first quarter 2011. Also, please note we have separated depreciation and amortization expenses in Slide 7 for the purposes of this presentation. We redeemed Nalco's senior notes in January.  Slide 8 shows our short- and long-term debt following the transactions. Reflecting those transactions, our total debt to total capital was approximately 50% at January 31.  Looking ahead and as outlined in Slide 9, we continue to take aggressive actions to drive both our top and bottom line, expanding our market share and customer penetration as one company among major accounts, leveraging our leadership positions in key growth markets. We are using pricing and innovation to drive benefit margins and expect to more than offset delivered product cost through 2012. Our merger synergies, along with Europe's transformation work, continues to go well, and we expect to deliver on those aggressive goals while building growth for the future.  Looking at Ecolab's first quarter 2012 forecast described in Slide 10. We will continue to be aggressive in driving our business growth and look for our first quarter results to show upper single-digit sales gains led by global energy and our Asia Pacific and Latin America operations. This strong business performance will be impacted by the much higher depreciation and amortization and interest expense as well as increased share count from our merger in what is our seasonally lowest sales quarter. As such, adjusted first quarter diluted earnings per share are forecast to increase to the $0.46 to $0.49 range compared with the adjusted earnings per share of $0.45 earned last year.  However, we expect the quarterly earnings growth rate to accelerate through the rest of 2012 as the higher fixed depreciation and amortization and interest expense and shares are offset by the benefits of increasing synergies, cost reductions, seasonally higher revenues and growth of the underlying business. As a result, we continue to look for 2012 full year adjusted EPS to increase 16% to 20% to the $2.95 to $3.05 range.  Slide 11 shows an EPS bridge for the first quarter and the full year 2012 that details this outlook. Ecolab's legacy 2011 results are shown in the first row. Expected 2012 results, excluding shares and interest from our combined Ecolab and Nalco businesses, is shown on the next line. This is followed by the impact from the higher shares and interest expense from the merger. This nets to a strong base business growth in the 25% to 30% range throughout the period shown and reflects the addition of Nalco and the underlying strength of our business combination. Synergies will further benefit these results.  Purchase accounting will be a significant headwind on the seasonally smaller first quarter but represent a much smaller impact on earnings over the balance of the year due to the larger business base. Net, we look for strong business base growth to 2012 with adjusted diluted EPS showing accelerated growth through the remaining quarters.  In summary, as noted on Slide 12, we once again delivered on our forecast in the fourth quarter while offsetting higher-than-expected delivered product cost and while still investing in our future. We look for sales and profit growth to accelerate through 2012's quarters to produce another strong year and make it our tenth year of adjusted double-digit EPS growth out of the last 11 years.  And now, here's Doug Baker with some closing comments.
Douglas M. Baker: Thanks, Mike. Good afternoon, everybody. Look, I'll just have a few comments and then we'll open it up for Q&A.  So all in all, I feel very good about the way we finished the year. It was clearly on a positive note. It was our best adjusted EPS growth for the year of 17%. We had improving sales trends, which we expect to continue as we move into 2012. Pricing caught up to raws. We had great integration work. We closed on the Nalco merger. And most importantly, we didn't let this work on the Nalco merger distract the team, hence, the delivery of 17%.  I also feel good, about as good as you can feel in this world today, as we look to 2012 and beyond. The Nalco merger, I would have to characterize as going quite well. We like the business. We like the growth momentum. It's a great team. We've gotten to know the team much better. There's real upsides and synergies. Both growth and cost are real, and we believe we can get after these. There's great operating leverage in this business as we start laying on the Ecolab operating model, and there's great technology sharing opportunities going both ways, Nalco technology into some of the legacy Ecolab businesses and vice versa. So there's terrific opportunities as we foresaw when we put this together.  So looking at 2012, we've got the makings for another very good year. We've got accelerating businesses from a top line standpoint, great market positions. I tell you, our teams are quite focused on getting after what they need to, driving new business, driving innovation, executing. There are upsides in cost savings and synergies and possibly pricing should the market or the raw material markets go against us. So net, we have a lot to do, no doubt about it, but we really do see a path to upper-teens-EPS type delivery in 2012.  So with that as a backdrop, we'll open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question does come from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Doug, you mentioned some upside on Nalco synergies, both cost and growth. Can you quantify when that -- when you might be able to raise actually the cost synergies going forward from the $150 million level?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Well, Dave, we actually had an announcement earlier in the month where we've raised it up to $250 million on a going basis. And so this year, it went from roughly $35 million to $75 million anticipated synergies. And I guess what I was alluding to in the opening comments is as we continue to push and look for this, there are going to be additional cost savings opportunities, and it's going to start to becoming difficult to distinguish between cost savings and synergies as we go forward. But the point is there are additional opportunities in our business should we need to get after them.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And just on European margins in 2011 and '12, can you comment on where they ended 2011? And obviously, they'll be flattish in Q1, but the target for 2012 European margins for Ecolab?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. We were up for the year in 2011 versus 2010. It's a little north of 60 basis points. I think it was 65 basis points. Now I will tell you that was shy of the 100-basis-point target that we gave at the beginning of 2011. And fundamentally, what happened was the Renaissance work, which was a codename that we have for the restructure activity, more than delivered against its plan, but it was offset by significantly higher raw materials. We anticipate the pricing will catch raws in the second half in Europe, and we expect that we will see the 200-basis-point increase in 2012 versus 2011 that we talked about last year.
Operator: The next question comes from Gary Bisbee with Barclays Capital.
Gary E. Bisbee - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Can you give us any commentary on just timing of the cost savings within the year? Would it be more prudent to expect that much more than half of that falls in the second half of the year? Or sort of any comments on that.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Gary, I think there's 2 things. Yes, most of it is going to be in the second half. That's simply how cost savings come on, and you got 2 factors when it comes to synergies. We have cost to achieve, i.e. we have a dedicated team. The team is going to be at its largest point at the beginning of the year and at the smallest number at the end of the year. So the cost to achieve end up declining throughout the year, and obviously, the growth synergies grow throughout the year. So you're net increases quite dramatically quarter-by-quarter. So if you look at page -- Slide 11 of the deck that we also sent out as part of the earnings release just before this call, we talk about a $0.02 contribution from synergies, net synergies in Q1 and $0.16 for the next 3 quarters. And obviously, the $0.16 builds. It's not a straight average over the 3.
Gary E. Bisbee - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then if I could just try to get a little more color on Europe. I think I heard some weakness in the legacy businesses and in volumes in the Mediterranean countries, but the overall growth you reported was positive and solid. And how was Northern Europe looking? Has the trend really weakened quite a bit versus what maybe you were seeing 2 months ago? And I guess just any update on how you feel about growing that business this year.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I guess the unfortunate part was we expected Europe growth to be improving this year if you had a solid footing, but we don't have a solid footing. So all the work we've done in terms of capturing new business and the rest is really neutralizing what I call market degradation. So in total, for the year, we expect the same kind of growth in 2012 that we saw in 2011, so a couple of points of sales growth. So not a terrible story, but it's a little frustrating given all the good work that's been done by that team.
Operator: The next question comes from Nate Brochmann with William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Now that you've obviously had some more time to spend, as you said, Doug, with the Nalco folks, what are some of the surprises and/or negatives that you've seen in terms of going forward with the business, not only just the combination but just in terms of what Nalco brings to the table?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I would say there's a long list. I think when we got in here, we knew there was a number of similarities. Business model, that fit is exactly as we thought it was. We look at the business very similarly. There's great customer focus I think on both sides from Ecolab and Nalco legacy. They focus on their field like we do. They drive innovation similarly. The talent is quite strong. So we believed it was. And I would say as we've been working together, we feel terrific about that. And synergies, as we've already gone through, are quite real, and we've increased the cost. On differences -- and I don't know that these are necessarily surprises, but you never know exactly where these opportunities are going to be. I would say Ecolab has driven over the years, and we haven't had any ownership disruptions or anything else. We really developed I would say a very strong operating discipline and operating model, and we felt that was going to add value. Erik and his team agreed as we went through it in the fall, and I think that's really going to play out. So the fact that we go through these monthly reviews, we ask for a re-forecasting every month, we want to understand where the good news and bad news is on every business every month as we look out so people have the opportunity of time to get after things thoughtfully rather than just reacting day to day. And I think that type of discipline, and I think their team would echo this, is going to be positive. On the other side, they've got much better safety discipline, and so their safety metrics -- ours aren't bad, but theirs are outstanding. And so we also see great opportunity in leveraging their know-how in that area in particular, because that's not only going to be good for our team and for our people, but it's also going to be good for our P&L.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Great. And then just kind of one directional thing on the raw material prices. Relative to your original guidance when you gave that out in mid-January, a little over a month ago, are raws are getting worse or about the same from your expectations?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, versus my hope, they're always worse. I'm looking for the crater in the economy to take off, but that hasn't yet happened. I would say they're probably modestly worse in some areas, raw materials. And I would say at the same time, currency is probably modestly better over the same period of time. So as we go through this, we anticipate that we're going to have surprises. If I took you back to last year, we completely got raw materials wrong. And I would say we anticipated modest raw material increase in 2011, and we got modest times 4 or 5. And so we had to overcome that in a number of areas, and I think we did quite successfully. So I think we're looking at this year understanding that we might be -- we're going to be wrong on something. It might be, again, raw materials. And I would say the team is all over driving pricing and making sure that we got safe outlets to offset any kind of raw material increases.
Operator: The next question comes from Dmitry Silversteyn, Longbow Research.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Just a couple of questions if I may as a lot have been answered. I thought I heard in Mike's prepared comments that you expect a pretty meaningful margin expansion in the fourth quarter of 2012. First of all, is that correct? And secondly, what's going to be the driver of that?
Michael Monahan: Dmitry, there was no comment about fourth quarter 2012. We said that for example, Nalco's business is having a strong first quarter operating income performance. That was about as far as we went.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. I have to go back in the transcript, Mike, but I just had a jot in my notes that talked about 2012.
Michael Monahan: The other side, Dmitry, is if you look at that slide, the EPS bridge Doug referenced earlier, it's very clear that we do look for accelerating earnings growth as we go through the year and such that as you get to the second half, the growth will be much stronger than the first half.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: But -- so cost synergy is not up. Comp is getting better. Correct?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. No. So if we mentioned Q4 margin in 2012 increasing, that wasn't intentional. So I would say we expect margins to increase throughout the year. They will accelerate principally because some of the fixed cost that we alluded to earlier represent a smaller percent of the base as you go throughout the year, and you also have increasing benefits from synergies.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Got it. So the purchase accounting impact of about $0.12 a quarter, it looks like, from the deal, is that going to be accounted in the individual reported business units? Or is that going to be all lumped into the corporate and other expense line? How do you see that being distributed amongst the P&L items?
Douglas M. Baker: We're going to put it in corporate other.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. So it will all be just an increase in corporate and other. Okay, very good.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Otherwise, we have a feeling it's going to be too difficult to discern what's going on in the businesses year-on-year.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Absolutely. Agreed. The -- you mentioned kind of your outlook on the raw material cost and the fact that, obviously, nobody's got a crystal ball when it comes to that. You have a multiyear pricing strategy to recover raw material spikes when they do occur. Is -- given that the economy is softening around the globe, and we kind of get into this part of the year, and people start pushing through pricing, and customers start pushing back on pricing, is the dynamic changing at all? Are customers sort of forgetting the fact that you're still trying to recapture the 2010, 2011 price increases in 2012? Or has that just been so well ingrained that it just goes through without issue?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I would say, Dmitry, all you can ever say about pricing is it's very hard to get. With that said, both the Nalco business throughout '11 ended up I think with 5% pricing in the fourth quarter. And for the year, it was north of 3%, but you can see that it accelerated throughout the year. And on the Ecolab side, not nearly as robust but 1% pricing for the year, 2% for the fourth quarter, so also accelerating. We mentioned -- I did in my opening comments that pricing-based net raw material cost for Ecolab in the fourth quarter, which is what we had forecast in our third quarter call. So we're at equilibrium right now at work [ph] on the Ecolab side. Nalco really crossed that path in the third quarter as they really saw the price hikes hit them fourth quarter of last year, so they hit earlier than they did on our businesses. So going forward, we're going to be as reasonably aggressive as we go out there, and you got to make trade-off calls as you go seek pricing with customers. I would say every business knows that raw materials remains a risk. It's unquantifiable, truth be known. So we got to get after it early and make sure that we offset it and learn from last year, where we ended up delivering our number, but we had to overcome a real surprise in raw materials, and we don't have the same fact hit it this year.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Got it. Got it. Okay. And then just a couple of bookkeeping questions. I know you're going to be repurchasing about $1 billion worth of your shares in 2012. So I'm assuming that's where all the cash is going to go, and we should not model much of a debt reduction during the year.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, that's correct.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And what is your CapEx and tax expectations for 2012 for the combined companies?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. CapEx is $650 million, and tax is going to be right around 30%.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Harrison with First Analysis.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: Just wanted to come back to Europe a little bit. You commented that the Institutional business there was flat, but growth overall was 2%. I think of Institutional as being about half or maybe slightly more than that of the business. So was the remaining business up around 4%? And I guess how do you account for the discrepancy? Or maybe a little more detail on what's going on in the institutional side that it's growing at a significantly slower rate.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Well, Mike, I mean, I guess yes on the balance of the business is up roughly 4%. Healthcare led it with 5%. F&B was around 4%, et cetera, so stronger growth outside of Institutional. Institutional is a collection of businesses. There's no doubt as you go through it Institutional had more exposure in some of the southern countries that were hit hardest given the preponderance of hospitality in Italy and Spain. So they've got a little bit worse geographic mix than some of the other businesses. With that said, I think the Institutional team -- we had a new leader go in there at the beginning of last year -- has I think gotten a much clearer plan of attack of what they want to get after. And we're also seeing Institutional, we are going to be willing to sacrifice volume for margin in that business as we go forward, and what we're really interested in driving is profitable growth there. And if we've got business that does not make sense to us, i.e., it's not worth the squeeze, we are not going to be afraid to exit it, because we want to get that business righted and get the profit correct.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: Did -- was there some intentional volume pruning that impacted this quarter? And if so, how much was that?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. There was a little bit, but not -- I wouldn't say that was the overarching story. I would say there was some up in the U.K. But by and large, I think what you see is a business that is somewhat depressed given its geographic mix, but we would expect better outcome this year going forward. And we will be very clear if we've got some pruning and what that impact is as we go forward. I can't lay the flat growth at the heels or at the feet of pruning yet.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: Okay. And then on the Asia Pacific, even with the adjustments for Japan, it is showing kind of more moderate growth rates than we've come to expect there. Is there anything that's fundamentally changed in that region in terms of competition or other market dynamics that we can't see that business get back to the kind of high single-digit rates that we have seen in the past?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I'm -- if we're talking about Japan -- I mean, Japan was down 2% for the year. It obviously was impacted significantly by, right, the huge crisis it went through: tsunami, earthquake, et cetera. We will expect Japan, Korea, which we put together, to be low single-digit growth, which is what it was historically for us. China, our greater China had another very good year, plus 20% growth. But fourth quarter was not its strongest quarter, and we see that growth rebuilding as we move into '12. It was double digit but not nearly at the 20% rate.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: And then last question. I was hoping you could explain again why the international side of Nalco -- was it just completely not included in your reported Q4 results and kind of how it's going to be reporting going forward, I guess?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. We basically work to get the Nalco international business lined up with the Ecolab international business. The Ecolab international businesses are on a -- not on a calendar fiscal but on a December-November fiscal. And so it's got a one-month lag, if you will, versus the north -- or the U.S. business, and so that's why it wasn't reported in that period. So you will have, in 2012, 12 months of both Nalco international, Nalco domestic, Ecolab domestic, Ecolab international.
Operator: The next question comes from David Ridley-Lane with Merrill Lynch.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes. Pricing rounded up to 2% in the fourth quarter. Are we likely to -- given that the pricing momentum continues up, are we likely to see that go to 3% some time in 2012?
Douglas M. Baker: No, I don't think so. We may see -- I'd say that was a round up. And you may see a round down, but they're both going to be 2%. So we expect more pricing, but we don't think it's going to go tip into the 3%.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And you've talked a lot about the sort of timing and pacing of the cost synergies. Any thought on or any comments you can give on the revenue synergies? How much of that is going to happen in 2012? Are you going to sort of take a year just to get everything running well before targeting accounts for cross-selling? Or...
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Our commitment is a very conservative 0 impact in 2012. So we know that number is wrong. I mean, there will be something, but I think what we're trying to signal is that's going to take some time. I would say there has been very good work already laid out, literally plant by plant. We have identified every plant opportunity, because F&B and then Textile are going to be our first focus areas, every plant opportunity that Ecolab has, where the opportunity is for the WPS business, i.e. the Nalco business. So there's a lot of work done, but we really do believe that it's going to take some time. There will be certainly some impact this year, but we think the material impact is going to be '13, '14 and '15.
Operator: The next question comes from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Lucy Watson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: This is Lucy Watson on for Laurence. What was your consolidated pro forma gross margin for Ecolab and Nalco in Q4? And I guess as a follow up, what is baked into your 2012 full year expectation for gross margin?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. On -- so we don't have a pro forma Q4 margin. For that -- we do on sales and all the rest. And I would only just say the Nalco business, we were changing the calendar years on the international business. We were going through the balance sheet stuff and everything else. You got a mix there. What we've been really focused on, on the Nalco business is the line between Q3 earnings and Q4 earnings -- or Q1 earnings, and that's what we're really focused on. And Q1 looks good, fine, in line of our sight expectations. So for the year, I guess the question was -- what number are you looking for? Gross margins for the combined business?
Lucy Watson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes.
Douglas M. Baker: 47%.
Michael Monahan: And Lucy, we expect to have pro formas out in the next few weeks. That would give you the 2011 margins, but those will be forthcoming.
Lucy Watson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And moving to the cash flow statement, what will be -- I guess will you be making any pension contributions? And what is the cash restructuring charge for 2012?
Douglas M. Baker: I'll do the pension. Mike can do the restructuring. We're going to -- we've got a requirement of about $109 million globally for pension contributions. We may make north of that, but we haven't made that determination, dependent on do we think it's a smart use of cash. In terms of restructure expense, I think it was -- yes. The total restructure is $125 million for the year. That includes both Renaissance, which was announced last year and the Nalco merger.
Michael Monahan: And Renaissance is the Europe restructuring.
Lucy Watson - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And that's a cash number?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Wittmann with Robert W. Baird.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Most of my questions have been asked and answered, but I did want to just check in on the balance sheet a little bit here. Clearly, lots of moves on the debt side of the capital structure here. Are those moves now done? And if so, can you also just remind us what the weighted average cost of debt is here?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. The weighted average cost of debt is 3.5%, which is a number that we gave last July, and it's where we netted out. By and large, yes, the debt is in place, and we don't plan on significant moves this year. There is also, as we mentioned earlier, no plan to have dramatic debt paid down this year, but we will -- in out years '13 and '14, as we move forward, we do expect our ratio, our EBITDA ratio to be down at about the 2.6% range by year end.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then just as it relates to M&A, Doug, it sounded like you didn't rule out the possibility of still looking at deals even though the capital structure is a little bit more elevated today. Can you just talk a little bit about what you're seeing out there and maybe what some of your priorities are now post Nalco? Or is that Nalco related acquisitions, does that take a higher priority? Clearly, Healthcare always has been. Just a couple of thoughts that might be helpful.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. We -- in our cash modeling and plan, we have included some money for continued bolt-on acquisitions. I would say if you go through the priority order, certainly, with the addition of energy and WPS, those guys enter into the conversation in terms of priorities. But I would say, we will look at opportunities, but I would expect these to be more in keeping with our history pre-Nalco merger, i.e. attractive bolt-ons where we think we can really drive both accretion and great returns. And I'd say one of the great stories last year for legacy Ecolab was the 3 businesses that we bought at the very beginning of the year performed exceedingly well. I mean, we had we thought pretty challenging plans, and we crushed them. We had excellent results both on the top line and earnings from those acquisitions as we found more synergy opportunities throughout the year and frankly, had better growth than anticipated.
Operator: The next question comes from Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just in terms of the longer-term revenue synergies, I want to follow up on that line of questioning. I would think that this is a lot more of what you guys were thinking about in terms of doing the Nalco merger. And given that the merger closed about 3 months ago, have you had a chance to kind of joint market the Ecolab-Nalco in the Food & Beverage area? And I want you to talk a little bit about the receptivity and how long it takes to go ahead and close the deals, what the sales cycles are like.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, great question. We have, in fact, made a number of joint calls at a number of our very large customers. And I guess reception is, as we anticipated, very positive. And so the minute the deal was announced, we had very favorable reaction from our customers, because they really understand the nexus of cleaning, food safety and water, in particular. So that's gone very well. I answered the other, where we've committed to 0 growth synergy contribution in 2012, and it's about as conservative a number as you can get. I mean, truth is we've already sold a couple. They weren't huge, but we've already had some successes. And I would say the team is probably further along in the planning than I would have anticipated last July simply because we had the time, in between before closing and after and we had early determination from Hart-Scott-Rodino, so we got on it quicker. So we've talked about $0.5 billion. We said it would take us to I think 2015 to realize that. I think the $0.5 billion is very real. And obviously, we hope to get to it quicker not later, and I would say early returns are positive.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So is -- are sales cycles in that side -- if you closed a few, are sales cycles shorter than 3 months? Or is it that you were able to start on them earlier? Or like what's preventing you from going ahead and just going through your base in a more widespread manner to accelerate those sales synergies?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I mean, typically, the sales cycle is anywhere from 6 months. It can go as long as 18 months. We just sold a big piece of business not related to this that I think we've been calling on for 12 years. So that would be the extreme case. So typically, 6 to 18 months in the industries that we're talking about. Why did we get a few of them? I mean, sometimes you're lucky. You walk in, it's the right time. Or you got an overwhelmingly powerful relationship that accelerates the cycle, but that's not typical. And so it's going to take some time for these things to come through. I would say while we always gripe about how long the sales cycle is, this is also why our business is sticky. Once you're in there, you become very ingrained in the operations. You end up installing equipment that becomes really a critical part of our customers' operation, and so it takes a while to separate this type of business. And so it typically works on our advantage as we're the share leader. But when you're going after new business, you got to go through this type of process to prove your capabilities, prove that you're not going to have any issues before they give you the business, hence the light commitment year one.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just one last one. If you could just comment a little bit about the ability to take the 3D TRASAR technology into the other Ecolab products in your client base and what you're seeing initially on that.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. We love that technology. I would say we're all over it. The first priority is going to be in our Food & Beverage business, and we think there's great applications. Even before the merger, Nalco was working on 3D TRASAR for cleaning-in-place technology. Cleaning-in-place technology is really Ecolab F&B's kind of core technology. And so being able to, if you will, meld that work with work that was going on in the F&B side previously gives us a real leg up. So there's some exciting areas to get after. And F&B is priority #1, but we think 3D TRASAR will make a big difference.
Operator: The next question comes from Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Doug, could you talk a little bit about how long do you think it will take to get the Nalco sales force and planning process rather in line with yours and therefore, eliminate any surprises, which has been one concern when you first announced the acquisition?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I think from a operating review standpoint, we've already been through a couple of months of reviews. And I think that's going to be steady progress, but it's going to take months, a couple of quarters as we go through it. That doesn't mean that we expect a bunch of surprises in the meantime, but certainly, you don't snap your fingers and have this kind of sense change. With that said, there's a couple of things. I think the Nalco businesses had very good control about what's going on in their business, great analytics, and a lot of what we're doing is really just kind of the forced discipline of sitting down routinely, asking questions going out a number of months. How do you play out these different scenarios? How does it look? How do you react to these? And all it really is set to do is to force the businesses to look out multiple quarters, while they're also obviously focusing at the quarter at hand. And so I think that doesn't take forever, but it certainly takes more than 2 meetings.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Sure. Then looking at your expectations in terms of the details that you gave us for the first quarter and going back at your expectations given in January, are you planning in getting to the levels you gave us in January by the end of the year? For example, the gross margin, you expect to be 46% in the first quarter, and you have 47% to 48%. And I understand that things are going to improve as you go along throughout the year. Do you think you can still reach those targets either on the gross margin and on the SG&A by the time you reach the fourth quarter?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Rosemarie, the 47% net range that we gave in the January remains what we expect for the year. And I would say we always have lower margin in the first quarter, because it's the lowest volume quarter. We just don't have the same absorption that you do on the coming quarters.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Right. But do you still think you can reach that particular level for the year as a whole, which means that you will be substantially higher than the 47% to 48% in the last 2 quarters possibly?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Our highest margins would be anticipated in the -- by the end of the year.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: And the same question applies to SG&A? You can also, by the end of the year, get to the 32% to 33%?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, that's our expectation. It has not changed from the January announcement. And SG&A will come down as synergies build throughout the year. They principally show up in SG&A.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Why is the interest expense higher than what you were anticipating? I mean in January, you had all of that data in hand.
Douglas M. Baker: Based on the share -- the interest rate difference is principally as a result of the share buyback.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. And you are buying back fewer -- 2 million fewer shares than you were previously anticipating? Or are you still expecting the 295 million shares by the end of the year?
Douglas M. Baker: I think that, Rosemarie, on the share buyback announcement, which we made last fall, after we announced the merger in July, we talked about a $1 billion share buyback is I think how we articulated the scale. And we said that we would complete it by the end of 2012.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then lastly, if I may. Could you give us your assumption at the -- for the first quarter? If you don't get above the low end of your assumptions at the $0.46 level, what do you think -- what are you expecting to go wrong which will prevent you from getting any higher than that?
Douglas M. Baker: You mean why do we have a range?
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: No, not whether you have a range, but what are the assumptions behind the low end of the range.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I mean when you're in here, there's a lot of things that you're estimating: raw material prices, FX, right, distributor inventory volumes. They really are related to consumption patterns, et cetera. And so you've got all those factors going in, and certainly, we try to be clear and work hard to do what we say. So those are what I would call some of the external factors that can have an impact on the quarter that are not easily predictable in a short period of time but are more easily predictable over a longer period of time.
Operator: The next question comes from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This is actually Brian Maguire on for Bob. Just wanted to dig in a little bit on your comment on Nalco earnings accelerating in the first quarter, and it sounds like they're showing some pretty solid year-over-year growth here. Can you kind of just talk about the component to that? Is it the sales actually accelerating? Or is it more the raw material cost and pressures coming off?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I think you've got a couple of things going on. We mentioned that pricing was accelerating throughout the year. So obviously, you had strong pricing in Q4, that extends into Q1. You had some raw material decline in price for them in Q4. Some of that shows up in Q1 as it moves throughout the system and -- but the most important component is growth. All right. We've had -- as you could see, they came into the year with pretty strong sales momentum, and they're going against their lowest quarter in Q1 last year at the base.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes. And it looked like pretty strong growth out of energy, continued growth there. So for 2012 as a whole, are you looking for Nalco sales to grow kind of like 1.5x legacy Ecolab sales growth?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, you got a mix -- I mean, they're going to be -- it's going to be a faster growth business principally because of energy, right? The energy business is -- as we just talked about in Q4, is growing at 20%. So I would say for the combined businesses, we expect to be in the mid to upper part of our 6% to 8% organic growth position for the year. That's where we ended the year, and we expect to realize that for the full year next year as well.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Got it. And just on Slide 11, the EPS walk is very helpful. And you can see pretty clearly, they're about a $0.50-per-share purchase accounting hit. So it looks like the cash EPS is maybe actually closer to $3.50. Looking out a little bit further beyond '12, I know it's hard to look into '13. But just as -- how does that purchase accounting kind of roll off? Or would there be a big drop-off from '12 to '13 there such that you get some EPS growth benefit there?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Well, I'm 53, and I don't expect to see us roll off. It'll take a long -- it takes quite a while, 8 years or so. So I mean 8 years to 12 years, when the different length of it. So it takes a while. So it's certainly not going to be a story in '13, '14.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Got it. And just one last one just on the European sales. Obviously, the macro, we understand, is weak but just curious if you've seen any kind of attrition or lost sales opportunities because of the Renaissance work you're doing there. Any kind of decline in service levels from some of that restructuring?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. No. I'd say as we went through and talked about Renaissance, I think the riskiest part of our European restructuring is when we went through the EBS through SAP implementation, and that really went quite well. What we're doing here is really back office restructuring, i.e. where are we paying bills and where are we managing credit out of it and issuing invoices. Customers never care if you issue an invoice late as you long as you get the shipment there. So we haven't had really any problems, and so I would say the sales is not a result of Renaissance. I would say the sales, right now, we would expect it to be accelerating given the business we've put on. And unfortunately, I think the ground that we gained was a little bit washed away through some of the challenges in Europe. The good news is we expect to continue to have favorable top line growth, which is critical if we want to continue to see strong OI margin improvement.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: In the purchase accounting adjustment of $0.48, that's about $142 million after tax. And so if what we did is we taxed that at 30%, the pretax number would be $202 million. So is there a different tax rate that's applied to the accounting adjustment? Is the accounting adjustment all amortization? Or is there something else in there that's meaningful?
Douglas M. Baker: Jeff, I would say I think when you have -- it's roughly 300 million shares. You may be using last year's share count, because it's $165 million. Right?
Michael Monahan: Jeff, you need to use the last year's share count of 240 million.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And what was your fully diluted share count as of the end of 2011, actual?
Michael Monahan: 236 million is the actual shares.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I mean after you issued all of the Nalco shares, if you didn't take an average total but looked at it on a...
Michael Monahan: Yes. Let me get back to you on the actual. I don't have that number here. We've just got weighted average.
Operator: The next question comes from John McNulty with Credit Suisse.
Alina Khaykin : This is actually Alina Khaykin sitting in for John. Just a quick question. What are your thoughts on the potential divestiture of the Paper segment now that you've owned Nalco for a while and kind of had time to look at the businesses?
Douglas M. Baker: Okay. Well, you're right. We have owned it for 90 days. I guess as we said, we were asked this question quite frequently post announcement. And at the time, we would say, "Look, we love the water. We love the energy. That's why we really went after this merger." Paper is part of the package, and as kind of an add-on, it's pretty good. It makes money. It's got a great team, positioned quite attractively given the business and everything else. Our focus this year is really not immediately portfolio review by any stretch. It is getting on the business, making sure we integrate successfully, taking accounts that we make. We've got to capture the hearts of the Nalco folks and bring them on to the Ecolab team. So it's really an operating focus. And so any portfolio work we're going to do is probably going to be in our traditional fourth quarter, which is when we, every year, review our complete portfolio, preparing for a strategic review with the board. And so that's the focus. From now on, the only thing I'll be able to do when asked about this is the same comment I'd have on any other business or any other acquisition target, which is we just don't want to go speculate on it. We have had a history of we're not afraid to exit businesses that we don't think fit nor are we afraid to buy businesses that we think do fit. So I think we've been pretty good stewards, making sure that we got a robust portfolio, and I don't expect that to change as we go forward.
Operator: The next question, which is a follow-up, comes from Gary Bisbee with Barclays Capital.
Gary E. Bisbee - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just one question on -- trying to get my expectations to the right place -- on the segment margins for the Nalco businesses. They looked higher than I think what they would have been if you've been including the administrative cost and the other expense that the company used to support segments from the -- differently from the segment profit. Is that because this is only the U.S. business? And can you directionally give us any guidance on how we might think about the operating margins for those 3 segments looking as you're going to be reporting them?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. So one, I wouldn't pay much attention to the December number. It was a U.S.-only number. They have higher margins in the U.S. anyway. It's not indicative of the global margin. Probably that 4-week period is probably not indicative of anything to be honest. So I wouldn't go use that to try to forecast what's going on. What we anticipate is we think their margins, the WPS and energy margins as well as Institutional, F&B and others, will be enhanced by the synergy work we're doing, because the G&A overhead cost that these businesses are all going to have to carry is going to be lower as a percentage of sales. And so we know that automatically starts driving enhanced operating income margins. We will report operating income margins by business, including for Nalco, going forward, because we have worked to allocate cost in the fairest manner. You only know it's fair when everybody's upset, by the way. And so we have everybody upset now, so we've got the allocation perfectly tuned. But we think it's important to get these things allocated and make sure people understand what cost they're bearing and incurring as we go forward. So all that work's been done, and going forward, you'll see operating income. We will work to give you year-on-year comparisons and all the rest on this as well, all right, so that there's real transparency. And late-breaking news, Jeff. We do have our share count now for year end, which is 292 million. Now that's -- which is not diluted, but that's the count. We will get you diluted down the road.
Operator: The last question does come from Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Actually, my question has been answered.
Michael Monahan: Okay. Well, if there's no more question, we want to thank everyone for their time today. We appreciate your participation. Also, one last thing I'd like to mention is that we will be holding the tour of our NRA national Restaurant Show booth on May 7. We'll have more details as we get closer. In the meantime, if there's any questions, please contact Nicole or me in my office. So thanks again, everyone, and have a terrific day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference call. The call has concluded. You may go ahead and disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-25 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Monahan - Vice President of External Relations Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division John E. Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Mark R. Gulley - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc. Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division Gary E. Bisbee - Barclays Capital, Research Division David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC
Operator: Welcome to the Ecolab Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Michael Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Monahan: Thank you. Hello everyone and welcome to Ecolab's Third Quarter Conference Call. With me today are Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman, President and CEO; and Steve Fritze, Ecolab's Chief Financial Officer. A copy of our earnings release and accompanying slides referenced in the teleconference are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements on Slides 2 and 3 stating this teleconference and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Form 10-K under item 1A, Risk Factors, in our third quarter earnings release and in our recent amended registration statement on S-4 for the Nalco merger announcement and on Slide 2. We also refer you to Slide 3, which describes additional merger information and where to find it, as well as participants in this merger. This conference call does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information in the release. Starting with slides 4 and 5, we delivered strong results once again in the third quarter. We leveraged the sales volume and pricing growth, along with excellent acquisition performances to offset significantly higher raw -- delivered raw material cost and leveraged our cost efficiency work, especially in Europe to produce another double-digit increase in our adjusted earnings per share. Looking ahead, we expect to continue outperforming our markets and show continued strong earnings gains in the fourth quarter and the full year as better sales growth, pricing, innovation and margin leverage more than offset easing delivered product costs and work to deliver double-digit adjusted EPS growth once again in 2011. Further, we believe our continued strong growth prospects, along with the additional growth opportunities from the Nalco merger will lead to better EPS growth for Ecolab in the years ahead. Moving on to some highlights from the quarter, and as discussed in our press release, reported third quarter earnings per share declined 12% to $0.65. On an adjusted basis, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items from both years, third quarter 2011 earnings per share increased 14% to $0.75, which was at the top end of our forecasted range. The adjusted earnings per share growth was driven by volume and pricing gains, new products and new accounts, which along with strong performance from acquisitions and cost savings actions, more than offset higher delivered product costs. We enjoyed strong sales growth in our food and beverage business in nearly all regions. Geographically, our Latin America, Canada and Asia-Pacific operations also saw robust gains. And our acquisition performed very well in the quarter. Our U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing sales continued to show steady growth, but were impacted by prior period product and customer rollouts. We expect stronger reported results in the fourth quarter. We continue to be aggressive, focusing on accelerating our top line growth as we emphasize our innovative product and service strengths to help drive increased market share in our core of businesses, and new account acquisition across all of our customer segments. We're also continuing to implement appropriate price increases to help offset higher delivered product costs. We remain focused on expanding our margins, emphasizing productivity and efficiency improvements to help increase profitability. We're also achieving excellent progress in our actions to improve profitability in our Europe business. We have seen the benefits of these actions in our results, although as we outlined in our last call, Europe's third quarter also reflected the impact of significantly higher raw material costs. We continue to expect strong margin improvement in the fourth quarter and for the full year in 2011, with much more significant contributions over the next several years. And we continue to make significant investments in key growth businesses and acquisitions to build further growth. This includes our pending merger with Nalco, which we believe will significantly bolster our opportunity set for our customers and position us as the leader in additional high-growth markets that leverage our mutual core strengths in product technology and sales and service execution. We look for the fourth quarter to show a strong sales performance as organic sales growth accelerates. Adjusted EPS is expected to increase 15% to 18% to the $0.69 to $0.71 range, compared with adjusted EPS of $0.60 in the fourth quarter 2010. For the full year 2011, we look for adjusted EPS to be in the range of $2.53 to $2.55 per share, showing a 13% to 14% gain over last year. That full year EPS gain would represent the ninth year in the last 10 of adjusted double-digit EPS growth. Note that these forecasts exclude the perspective impact from Nalco, which is expected to close before year end. In summary, we expect 2011 to reflect a strengthening performance by Ecolab, as we show strong earnings gains to once again deliver attractive growth and shareholder returns, and set the stage for improved results in the years ahead. Slide 6 shows our income statement and Slide 7 shows our sales growth detail. Ecolab's reported consolidated sales for the third quarter increased 11%. Fixed currency sales rose 6%. Looking at the fixed currency components, volume and mix increased 2%, pricing rose 1% and acquisitions were 2%. Sales for the U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing operations rose 6%. Adjusted for acquisitions, sales decreased 3%. Institutional sales grew 3% in the quarter. Sales initiatives targeting new accounts and effective product and service programs continue to lead our results and outperform mixed end markets and cost to customers. We compared again some inventory pipeline building in last year's third quarter, which negatively affected our growth this quarter by about one percentage point. Total shipments, meaning direct plus distributor shipments to our end use customers, which we closely track, showed steady growth consistent with the second quarter and outperformed the mixed market trends. Lodging room demand continues to show good growth against tougher comparables while food service foot traffic remains soft. To drive our growth and improve on our industry leadership, we're introducing more new products that deliver increased value with reduced labor, water, and energy costs for our customers, in our warewashing, laundry and housekeeping markets. We have fully rolled out Solid Power XL, our new concentrated warewashing product that provides 50% more cleaning power per capsule, as well as the Cleaning Caddy, which won industry innovation award and provides customers with the ability to more frequently clean their restrooms with less downtime, thereby saving money and improving guest and employee satisfaction. In addition, we are developing new programs with distributors to target regional independent chains and drive better penetration and new account growth. And we are continuing to make additional investments in our sales and marketing force and leveraging additional marketing initiatives to drive sales growth. We expect these growth initiatives, as well as additional pricing, to deliver solid institutional sales gains in the fourth quarter and benefit from comparison to last year's softer fourth quarter. Kay's third quarter sales were up 2%. The fundamental business remains in good shape and we expect a stronger fourth quarter and solid full year. Third quarter sales to quick service restaurants was modestly reflecting lumpiness in the timing of Kay's quick service customer rollouts and a slow market growth. The food retail business had a tough comparison versus 2010's strong third quarter due to several new customer rollouts that took place in the second half of last year. However, new account shipments will begin in the fourth quarter and drive better food retail growth in that quarter in 2012. We expect continued good new account gains in food retail, along with better quick service sales to drive better growth in Kay's fourth quarter and another year of growth in the upper single digits. Reported sales for Textile Care increased 40%. Adjusted for an acquisition, sales were up a very strong 8%. Good customer gains, momentum from new product launches -- new program launches and additional sales within existing customers, more than offset soft but improving industry conditions. We expect fourth quarter reported sales will be off slightly as they compare against a strong period last year, which includes some discontinued sales from the Dober acquisition. Healthcare sales increased 32%. Excluding the acquisition of O.R. Solutions, sales increased 4% as good growth in hand hygiene, instrument processing and environmental hygiene were partially offset by slow growth in surgical drapes, which reflected weak U.S. healthcare market trends. We continue to see new account gains from our OptiPro instrument reprocessing line for central sterile and further progress in our EnCompass Environmental Hygiene line for patient room hygiene. Further, O.R. Solutions continues to show strong growth. Looking ahead, fourth quarter sales are expected to show steady organic and strong reported sales gains. Food & Beverage sales grew 5%. Core F&B, Cleaning & Sanitizing sales increased, led by corporate account wins, pricing and product penetration. Water management also showed strong growth, though sequential gains were less due to onetime project sales in the second quarter. Food & Beverage will continue to focus on new account acquisition, pricing and new product sales to deliver growth in the fourth quarter. EcoCare sales were flat year-over-year. Growth in the in bay and auto dealership segments offset total wash declines. The division continues focusing on new and improved products and dispensing platforms. We look for vehicle care to show improved year-over-year sales growth in the fourth quarter. Sales for U.S. Other Services rose 2% in the third quarter. Pest Elimination sales rose slightly, as gains in food processing, healthcare, hospitality and food retail were mostly offset by slow and cautious conditions in other major market -- end markets, as well as reduced add-on service sales. We are working to develop new product and programs solutions to better meet our customer needs and differentiate our offerings. We have recent new product launches like Guardian Plus for full-service restaurants and bedbug treatments in non-hospitality markets, such as long term care, retail and restaurants are showing good results. We expect our new products and programs, along with aggressive selling, to help offset the softer markets and yield sales improvement in the fourth quarter. GCS sales increased 6% in the quarter and in a long awaited development and consistent with our comments last quarter, GCS turned a profit in the third quarter with $400,000. New account wins and appropriate pricing helped to drive the quarter's sales gain and profit. We remain focused on developing chain account relationships and driving sales through their regional and franchise organizations. We expect GCS to again show strong sales growth and continued profitability in the fourth quarter. Measured in fixed currencies, international sales increased 6%. Adjusted for acquisitions, sales increased 4%. Europe, Middle East and Africa sales rose 1% in the third quarter at fixed currency rates, as we continue to offset soft end markets in the region. Europe's Institutional third quarter sales increased modestly. New business gains among regional and local customers leveraged new products that offer customers superior results and strong cost savings, including reduced consumption of water and energy. Food & Beverage sales rose modestly, reflecting market share gains. Food & Beverage continues to focus on new accounts and cost savings benefits in our innovative products. Textile Care sales declined in the third quarter, reflecting soft workwear markets. We are using new products and technology to offset these market trends and improve Textile Care results. Europe healthcare sales showed a strong increase. New products and programs in pharmaceutical and infection prevention led the growth. Next, Europe reported a moderate sales decline. As mentioned in our last call, seasonal revenue shifts that benefited the second quarter reversed in the third quarter. Our continued focus on corporate accounts and new programs are expected to yield a modest gain in the fourth quarter. In addition, we made a small pest acquisition in Spain during the fourth quarter as part of our expansion of Pest Elimination in Europe. Our work to improve operating efficiency in our Europe operations continues to make excellent progress. We are starting to realize broad procurement and manufacturing savings from our consolidated system of transparency. Most recently, we've been centralizing finance and HR support, completed the pilot of our front office simplification model and continue to move noncritical functions to outsource providers. We have a series of other projects underway with more actions to be taken as we work to realize substantial margin improvement potential that exists within our Europe business. Looking ahead, we expect Europe's fourth quarter to show continued modest fixed currency sales growth, but to also achieve strong profit improvement due to our transformation projects and better raw material comparisons. Asia-Pacific sales grew 15% in fixed currencies. Adjusted before acquisitions, sales grew 5%. We estimate the effects of the earthquake in Japan reduced that third quarter sales gain by about one percentage point. Institutional sales adjusted for the Cleantec acquisition showed good growth. New programs and our focus on restaurant and lodging expansion in the emerging Asian markets helped offset the impact of Japanese and New Zealand earthquakes earlier this year. Food & Beverage sales also enjoyed strong organic growth. New account gains and improved product penetration led the increase. Looking ahead, Asia-Pacific expects continued good sales growth in the fourth quarter. Third quarter sales for Ecolab's Canadian operations increased 7% at fixed currency rates, as strong growth in the core business drove results. Latin America reported a strong sales gain, rising 16% in fixed currencies, as all divisions in that region grew double digits. Institutional growth was driven by new accounts, increased product penetration and continued success with the global and regional accounts. Food & Beverage sales reflected strong demand in the beverage and brewing markets, as well as the benefits of new accounts. And Pest Elimination sales showed a double-digit gain. Overall, we expect attractive growth trends to continue in Latin America and yield another double-digit gain in the fourth quarter. Turning to margins and the income statement in Slide 8 of our presentation. Third quarter gross margins decreased 170 basis points to 49.4%. The decrease primarily reflected the impact of higher delivered product costs and restructuring charges related to our European supply chain, which more than offset the impact of volume and pricing gains. Raw materials increased in the third quarter, but it looks like that was the peak in terms of year-on-year impact, and that pricing and cost reduction actions we are taking will drive gross margin expansion in future quarters. SG&A expenses represented 34.3% of sales, 150 basis points below last year. Leverage from the sales gains and acquisitions, as well as cost savings efforts, led the improvement. Operating income for Ecolab's U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing segment rose 6%. Adjusted for acquisitions, U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing operating income was flat, as higher delivered product costs offset pricing and volume gains in the quarter. Operating income for U.S. Other Services increased 6%. Margins expanded 70 basis points, reflecting pricing and cost savings actions. International fixed currency operating income increased 9% versus last year. Adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures, International operating income increased 8%. Margins expanded 30 basis points as volume and pricing gains, favorable customer rebate adjustments and improved efficiencies more than offset higher delivered product costs. Corporate segment and tax rate are discussed in the press release. The net of this performance is that Ecolab's reported third quarter diluted earnings per share of $0.65 compared with $0.74 reported a year ago. When adjusted for special gains and charges and discrete tax items in both years, adjusted earnings increased 14% to $0.75, when compared with $0.66 earned a year ago. Turning to Slide 9, Ecolab's balance sheet and cash flow remain strong. Total debt to total capital was 30% at September 30, compared with 34% reported a year ago. Our net debt was 24%. As detailed on Slide 10, we continue to take aggressive actions to drive both our top and bottom lines, expanding our market share and customer penetration using differentiated new products and leveraging our investments in our key growth markets. We're using pricing and innovation to benefit margins, and along with favorable currency trends, we expect to more than offset delivered product costs in the fourth quarter. Europe's work to transform itself into a higher growth and more profitable operation continues to go very well. Europe will show strong margin expansion in 2011, even though raw material cost will offset some of our transformation progress this year. We expect results from our actions to show strong profit growth in Europe in the fourth quarter and continue to increase significantly over the next several years. Looking at Ecolab's fourth quarter 2011, we expect organic sales growth to accelerate. We look for adjusted diluted earnings per share, excluding the impact of our anticipated Nalco merger, to increase 15% to 18% to the $0.69 to $0.71 range, compared with the adjusted earnings per share of $0.60 earned last year. We expect the fourth quarter gains to be driven by improving sales volume, higher pricing, cost savings, acquisitions and the actions we are taking to improve our Europe profits. Fourth quarter special gains and charges and discrete tax items will consist of, primarily of costs related to the Nalco merger. We continue to look for 2011 full year adjusted EPS to increase 13% to 14% to the $2.53 to $2.55 range, excluding the impact of our pending merger with Nalco. Slide 11 shows the status of the merger process at this point. We have received U.S. antitrust clearance, as well as clearance from certain other countries as mentioned in the press release. Respecting the procedures of the various antitrust agencies, we will not specifically comment, here or in the Q&A, beyond disclosures contained in our preliminary proxy statement on the status of certain other countries, other than to say we expect to receive the required clearances in a timely manner to enable to close within the fourth quarter. We have the necessary credit facilities in place to finance the merger, and we have very strong integration teams from both sides working aggressively to plan the post-merger business structures and opportunities. We remain highly confident we will receive a successful vote and close our merger before year end. We continue to believe that Nalco's position in large and high-growth markets, its technology and sales and service leadership, offer substantial and compelling benefits for our combined customers and provides significant additional growth drivers for our business. Together, we believe we are a stronger company, with better growth opportunities providing essential services in the critical global needs of food, water and energy, and will provide superior performances through all kinds of economic scenarios. In summary, as noted on Slide 12, we delivered at the top end of our forecast range in the third quarter, while offsetting higher-than-expected delivered product cost and while still investing in our future, we look for sales and profit results to accelerate in the fourth quarter and make 2011 our ninth year of adjusted double-digit EPS growth out of the last 10 years. And we expect the fourth quarter momentum, the outstanding benefits from the Nalco merger and the additional investments and actions we are now taking will yield better sales and EPS growth in 2012 and 2013. That wraps up our third quarter conference call prepared remarks. Operator, would you please instruct people on how to make questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question does come from Nate Brochmann, William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I wonder if you can talk a little bit about -- Mike in your prepared remarks, you talked about some of your customers being a little bit cautious on inventory and some of the distributor channel issues in the third quarter. What gives you confidence in terms of going into the fourth quarter that some of those issues rebound and, per in the press release, continue some of that momentum into 2012?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, Nate, it's Doug. I would say a couple of things. Most of the inventory issues we related to or related to last year where we had, what I would say is, probably an artificial pump on inventories temporarily in Q3, so we'll see the comparison issue. I think we've got a good handle on how inventories are trending this year and have that built into our forecast for Q4.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, and then maybe just an update a little bit on the Nalco merger, as you get into some of the integration teams in place, is there anything that you've learned or identified thus far that you'd be willing to share in terms of maybe some of the positive surprises that you're starting to uncover?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I guess I'll probably not go into a lot of detail right now. I will say early when we came out and we gave the synergy number, we always said that it was at the low end of our range, and we acknowledge that. I would say all we've learned confirms that, that we would anticipate that there is upside on the synergies, which we also said was going to be important because we know, right, since going out that other things, FX, pension cost, and other things are negatives and synergies was one of the natural ways that were going to offset what the world throws at us. So I would say we have confirmed that in fact synergies will be an upside.
Operator: The next question comes from Gary Bisbee with Barclays Capital.
Gary E. Bisbee - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess my question, I know you've talked about from the beginning of 2011 having worked in a weak macro backdrop into your numbers, but it seemed like things slowed over this summer in Europe and the U.S. whether you're looking at business and consumer confidence or just a lot of the different economic indicators. Are you seeing anything in your business to indicate that that's having an impact? And if we do have like an incredibly weak environment in Europe for several years, do you remain confident in being able to achieve those margin gain targets for '12 and '13 that you've provided us in past quarters?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, Gary, Doug. I would say, yes, from the beginning, we always said that we expected to be in Europe and U.S. in particular kind of a long slide. So very -- a nominal GDP growth at best. I would say unfortunately, that looks to be the case. I guess it's fortunate if you have a double dip instead, which we do not buy into. I guess my point would be this. The environment is sufficient for us to continue to drive sales growth and to continue to accelerate. If the economy was better, it would be easier, no doubt about it. But we are -- I don't think viewing the economy as in our way from delivering the type of EPS performance that we expect of ourselves and that I think our investors expect also. Europe, Europe continued to grow. We continue to see growth in Europe. It is a lousy environment with that said, even in spite of a lot of the efficiency activity we have there, we continue to sell new business successfully, we continue to drive not great top line performance, but positive top line performance and the type of performance that we need to get the type of OI margin improvements that we've committed to. And we expect to be able to continue to do that in the type of environment we foresee.
Gary E. Bisbee - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then just one quick follow-up. You've also put out that the company plans to begin a share repurchase program after closing the Nalco transaction. Is there any -- first of all, I just want to confirm that was not included in the $3 number, and number two, is there any timeline on when you'd likely do that? Or is that just a new authorization that you'll then -- how the stock trades determines timing?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I know, that was not in our original $3 number. The time period we gave, where it starts after close and we expect to complete it by the end of 2012.
Operator: The next question comes from Dmitri Silversteyn with Longbow Research.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: A couple of questions if I may, can you provide a little bit more detail on the run-up in raw material cost. Was it a resetting of some contracts? Was it transportation cost? And kind of what gave you the sequential delta that you weren't expecting?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I would say it was -- break it down into 2 components. Costs that increased when we didn't expect it to, and frankly, other declines came on much slower than we anticipated. We're seeing them, but they just haven't come as rapidly, was a little stickier than we thought and that was really, it's those 2 factors that led to frankly higher raw material cost in the quarter than we had forecasted when we had our Q2 call. I'd say in spite of that, the business performed well and we overcame it. So I think it's just one of the facts in the business. It didn't turn out to be a material fact in the sense of determining performance.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Right, I mean it was certainly gratifying to see guys being able to overcome a gross margin squeeze that was somewhat unexpected. So your anticipation of a quick recovery or a quicker recovery of these costs, is that from the new pricing initiatives you put in place? Is it from accelerating declines in some of the raw materials that were not cooperating in the third quarter? What's behind your optimism that we've probably seen the peak here? I mean caustic pricing will probably go up again as chlorine demand comes down seasonally in the fourth quarter.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I know, we've taken our caustic price up for the year for that comment. Yes, we're seeing some price decline and abatement in certain areas. And so it's happened and so, it's easier to forecast now because we've actually realized it. So certainly in total, raw materials will cost us less in Q4 than they did in Q3. But I would say the bigger part of the story is pricing traction, which we watch build throughout the quarter, and so we have quite a bit of momentum leading into Q4. And so as a result, we expect that gross profit -- gross margins will be ahead of last year in Q4.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Got it. That's helpful, Doug. And then a question on Europe, obviously a tough economic environment but you're making good progress in taking costs out of the business. Can you update us where you stand at the end of the third quarter versus your 100 basis point improvement that you were seeking on a year-over-year basis, and if there's any offsets we should be thinking about that to that number?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, Europe, I would say our range of estimates. We forecast 100 this year at the beginning of the year, delivering 100 basis point improvement this year, then 200 plus next year, 200 plus in 2013. I would say working backwards, we are very confident, probably even more confident in the 500 plus over 3 years. I would say in the range of reasonableness, the 100 is in the possibility this year. I don't know if it's likely because we've had much higher raws. With that said, I'll just call that a timing issue because pricing there is catching raws also, whether it catches it in time to get the 100 this year or if it happens in the first quarter is really the debate. But it's going to be a significant improvement this year in Europe OI margin year-on-year.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then a final question on GCS, now that it's gotten profitable. Was this a blip? Or was this a data point that we can extrapolate going forward? I mean are there any investments rolling in that would prevent you to meet -- maintaining this low level of profitability? Or should we see these hundreds of thousands of dollars perhaps grow into low single-digit millions of dollars in 2012?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, we've alerted treasury that $400,000 is coming your way. I would say we don't think it's a blip and you could see the improvement building for the last really 6 to 7 quarters, and so I guess our expectation is it will be profitable again in fourth quarter. It will be profitable for the whole year, we anticipate in 2012. I guess if there's going to be a blip that's going to be first quarter and that's really related to volume, low volume. But we anticipate that it will make money in total for 2012.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Harrison, First Analysis.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: Just with respect to Europe, I was hoping that maybe you could walk through some of the major divisions or end markets in a little bit more detail and talk about what you're seeing in terms of demand trends, particularly as we come off this kind of seasonal peak period during Q3. What were you seeing specifically in lodging, food service and F&B?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I'd say a few things. Lodging in Europe is up year-on-year. Restaurants are flat to down a point as you go through, and F&B is modestly up for the year underlying markets. I would say it's more a geographic split than it is by market split. And if you see some dramatic I guess deltas, it would be where you would expect it. Central Europe for us is doing quite well and then the ring, particularly Italy, Spain and Greece as you might imagine, aren't doing particularly well. But that's like every newspaper article you read. In total, when we add it up, we have positive growth there and frankly some trends, which are positive, not overwhelmingly positive, but positive.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: And in terms of healthcare, I know you commented that the surgical drape business is down. Presumably, that's a -- there are a number of factors driving that. But can you talk about the outlook for healthcare and how presumably if we continue on this lower number of surgeries, how that might be affecting your attempts to win new business and kind of break into new areas with healthcare facilities?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I think healthcare, Mike, the best way to think about it is, there's been a concerted push to drive what we consider the most value added, which also happen to be the best margin products in our line. And those areas are performing quite well. The areas where we don't have as much value add, we haven't had nearly the emphasis. So as a result, our total sales is modest when you exclude acquisitions. But I would say the profitability in that business is up tremendously. And for the year, it's going to be a near double of profitability. So I think they got more or less the equation right. I mean it was important for us to move that up and it has moved up dramatically and so that's how we're viewing that business right now. So it's $0.5 billion. It's got scale. We're starting to leverage its scale effectively. That's really what I would consider the story on healthcare.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation, Research Division: And then the last question I had was on the F&B business in the U.S. You talked about pricing being a component of the growth you saw in Q3 and hopefully going forward, but historically, that pricing has been a little bit more closely linked to what's going on with your raw materials. So how long do you think it is until we see a little bit of pushback given that you expect some of your raws to be moderating into 2012?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I would say if anything because of our, look raws, it there's been a surprise in the air, it could've been only in our camp. We had forecasted raws to be up very modestly this year and they're up anything but modestly. And so raws have been a big negative surprise for us in the year. In spite of that, we're going to deliver a very solid year. But as a result, we are a little behind our pricing pace. We are going to lap and cross raws handily in the fourth quarter, i.e. pricing. Money coming in from pricing is going to more than offset money going out the door for incremental raw cost in Q4. But with that said, like a normal year, if we had probably forecasted this more accurately, we're not the only guys who got it wrong by the way, we had probably been a quarter ahead, right. So you're going to have a case that historically, when raws have abated, we have not lost pricing.
Operator: The next question comes from David Ridley-Lane with Merrill Lynch.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just had a question. What was the increase in sales force headcount during the quarter and what are the segments that you're adding headcount disproportionally?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, we're up 2% for the year. And Q3 pace was consistent with the earlier quarters.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And is there -- those are the top 2 or 3 segments where you're really making those headcount additions?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, we're making it in healthcare, but I would say the most significant would be a geographic split. And obviously, we're putting the bodies in AP and LA disproportionately because that's where the growth is.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then in -- maybe a fourth quarter comment, but also, if you could look out at a little bit longer than that on Asia-Pacific, I know everybody's focused on Europe, but could that business start to see a pretty significant reacceleration given the absence of natural disasters then?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, well that would be an interesting year, wouldn't it? I think we've had almost every natural disaster that's on the list in this year in Asia-Pacific. Yes, I mean with our Asia-Pacific business even in spite of that, right, is continuing to perform quite well. Obviously, in some markets during some periods, you got relatively easy basis to go against. So yes, I would expect if you have zero natural disasters next year, I don't know if that's ever happened in Asia-Pacific, you would expect to get a pop.
Operator: The next question comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Doug, in the U.S., have you had new account gains this year, have been above or below your expectations?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I'll give you 2 points of view. I would say nothing's ever above our expectations because our expectations are very high. But in terms of corporate account activity globally, in wins and losses, net gains, we are up 18% to the favorable versus last year, and last year was a great year. So we are having a lot of success again this year in driving new accounts productivity. Even when you move from corporate accounts down to regional and down to lower areas, we have had an improvement in terms of lost account numbers, which I think you would expect. But we're starting to get to more normalized non-economically pressured type numbers, and so that obviously helps your net gain figure as well. And so that's occurring on the street and regional account level also.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And Doug, how is the competitive intensity for the smaller accounts in the U.S. right now?
Douglas M. Baker: I would say, I think there is -- I really don't know that it's -- we're quite intense to go after that business. I would say it's more because those accounts are under pressure than it is because there's a different level of activity competitively, when you get down to it. And it's always been intense. That is where you have all the regional competitors playing and competing and vying for the business. And so I would say it remains intense and I would chalk up as much of it to frankly the environment they're competing in. It's difficult for them. They've got food inflation. They got traffic count declines, right? They're watching every penny.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then last thing on Nalco, you commented on the cost synergies. What about the sales synergies, 2 months into your integration process?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I would say if anything, and as we went out, I think we said the $0.5 billion, which is what we've said year 5 run rate would be in terms of growth synergies. It was more middle of the range as opposed to being on the conservative side of the range, which our cost synergies certainly were. I would say we feel very good about the ability to go get $0.5 billion.
Operator: The next question comes from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: The first question's just on customer order behavior. I guess maybe U.S. and Europe. Are you seeing any shift in the tendency towards menu shrink? Are the cross-selling initiatives beginning to gain a little bit more traction?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I know, we really haven't seen dramatic changes there in either case. I mean, you always get under pressure. But that pressure is more early in the cycle, which is when we saw it when they start, say, substituting pot and pans for [indiscernible] because it's cheaper to use it. Those things are usually early cycle, we saw them, and the trends there have been pretty consistent.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And separately, if you're looking towards a longer plug going forward, are you -- have you shifted your salesforce incentives at all?
Douglas M. Baker: We have it right now, no. I would say our incentive programs work fairly well in both robust economic growth times and times like this. And so they've stood the test of time. What we do is we have different emphasis in terms of types of products that we're bringing to the market, what features that we are highlighting. We've been on a total impact to total cost conversation with our customers for a while, and the programs that we're introducing offer a great trade in terms of better chemistry to help reduce electricity and water usage, and in total, they reduce your costs. And that story, which we've applied very successfully and we're watching now in laundry, in F&B and lubricants now increasingly in the CIB space has resonated quite well with all of our customers. So that -- if there's going to be a shift. I'd say that's the shift and we think that shift has long, long legs.
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Gulley, Ticonderoga.
Mark R. Gulley - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division: I've got 2 questions, one on demand and one on pricing. First, on demand. Doug, you earlier noted that you're seeing good results with respect to new account wins and national account activity. That sort of suggests that your base business is even softer than we're seeing. Is that the case that the base business really isn't performing all that well?
Douglas M. Baker: No, I'd say we're growing, Mark. I would go and point back. I mean the Institutional business, if we look at our consumption figures this quarter was up like 4.5%, which was roughly the same number we had in Q2, nearly identical. And that consumption pattern, we do know that traffic remains soft in the food service market. The corporate account number, as I talked about were global numbers, but we are seeing improvements in every region and across all businesses, right? So it's fairly uniform. It's not the same percentage in every region in every business, but it's positive and so I would say we know that the market isn't great and the way you grow in these markets is you gain share and I think we're doing a great job doing that. And as a result, we expect to continue to accelerate. In fourth quarter, our projection is we will have a stronger quarter in terms of reported and underlying sales than we did in Q3.
Mark R. Gulley - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay. And on the pricing side if I can, what kind of price increase might we expect maybe fourth quarter and perhaps into next year, and even where the lines are crossing, raws versus price, on a cumulative basis, have you kind of made up what you've surrendered and how long it will take to get back to even on kind of a cumulative basis?
Douglas M. Baker: I think a few more quarters to get back everything, but in Q4, we had expect pricing to be 2%, up from about 1.5% in Q3, right, and that's the kind of acceleration that we expect to see and that gives us obviously a pretty positive pricing momentum moving into next year.
Operator: The next question comes from John Roberts, Buckingham Research.
John E. Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: It's been a couple of weeks since the Diversey transaction closed over at Sealed Air. Did they come out of the gate with any new programs, new pricing? Have there been any employment changes that you know of?
Douglas M. Baker: We don't have a lot of news there. And so, not apparent to us.
John E. Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Anything that you're doing now that deal is closed to sort of defend your business better?
Douglas M. Baker: I would say this has always been a focus here and remains a focus. I would say go back to the earlier comment that our corporate account, new business activity, that is up fairly dramatically. I would say that's going to be an ongoing emphasis here and so 2 things. One, we really don't like to lose business at all, and we think when we do lose business, it's fundamentally a mistake that we made somewhere along the process, and we don't like making those mistakes, and we are working hard to secure all competitors business because we think they'll be better off with us and we'll continue to do that. So we're not going to become an easy competitor for anybody.
Operator: The next question comes from Andy Whitman with Baird.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: First just want to start with a technical question. On the guidance, was there any change in the underlying foreign currency exchange assumptions or was that flat versus last quarter's guidance?
Douglas M. Baker: No, I mean I think we reflected what I'd call a current view of FX, so in our guidance FX, it degraded if you will since last quarter. We thought we were going to get more out of Q4 in July than we think we're going to get out of it now.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, great. And then Doug, I was just wondering if you could comment on some numbers that were in the proxy that basically, apparently the numbers that Nalco's forward looked at versus Ecolab's forward looked at in terms of -- it was basically a 5-year plan for each of those companies. Those growth rates that were in the proxy suggested somewhere around 7% CAGR for Ecolab, a little bit better than that for Nalco. I think since that time, the economy's gotten a little bit maybe more uncertain. Can you just comment a little bit about how realistic the numbers are that the boards exchanged during the review?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, yes, those are numbers put together by both the respective management teams and then shared with the board as part of their ongoing strategic update process. I can certainly speak for our numbers. They were what we consider the realistic view of our business at that time. I would say as all things, there's like 6 or 7 key inputs into those numbers and they all change monthly. I would say broadly if you want to get to the heart of it, we feel we like the position our business is in. Is everything perfect? No, but we think we're in good position, we're building sales momentum, we got pricing momentum going, we know raws a big going forward. FX, who the heck knows? Hard to predict, but I think our ability to go kick out as a standalone company, strong double-digit EPS is in good shape, particularly when you think about all the leverage activities that we have going on in Europe and the rest. And so that remains our view. Is it 6% CAGR versus 7% CAGR on this year's economic view? I don't know if that's the heart of the story. I think in total, we have enough levers where we felt we could run not only drive sales faster, but also translate that into very, very strong EPS growth. On the Nalco side, I think we went through -- we looked at those numbers. We came up with our own view, some of it is natural conservatism, if you're going to be shelling out a lot of money that you want to make sure it works even in the absence of all good news and so we worked hard to try to understand sensitivities. So by and large as a basis, I think we feel quite good about the work that was done from both sides.
Operator: The next question comes from Rosemarie. Morbelli with Gabelli & Company.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Doug, have you seen any change in the attitude of your customers on the water side since you announced your acquisition of Nalco? And then related to that, any change or any discussions with Nalco since Diversey announced that they would be the sole distributor for GE, which we know is a big business that used to compete directly with Nalco in the past?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I would say to, by and large the feedback from our customers, particularly those who are going to be, I guess in our minds, positively impacted by the merger. The feedback's been quite positive from the customers. They understand why this makes sense and why it works and all the rest. Has there been any change? Certainly, there are very rare instances where we had customers contemplating a switch, and obviously they're just going to wait, okay. So -- but I would say this is really very small stuff. In terms of the GE Diversey announcement, I guess I would have 2 thoughts. Yes, you're right, that's their historic competitor and Diversey's ours, it's in a sense a nice gift from a locker room standpoint, that we're working to bring the companies together and we now have a common person, right, to go after and both as our historic competitor. I would say it's a little bit -- is it an acknowledgment that what we're doing here makes strategic sense. I don't know what else to say, otherwise why would you work to go do that and at the end of the day, I think our partnership, it's #1, #1, and our structure is preferable. I would rather have it run as a company. It's very hard to do alliances, not impossible. GE and Diversey are both very formidable competitors. We'll take it serious, but I would rather have our structure.
Rosemarie J. Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. That is helpful. And then if I may, on the acquisition side obviously your plate is kind of full with Nalco, but you were talking in your prepared remarks about healthcare and getting to a certain size in order to benefit from scale and so on. Have you put aside any thought of bolt-on acquisitions on the healthcare side? Or any other category for that matter while you are dealing with the Nalco acquisition?
Douglas M. Baker: No. Rosemarie, what we've said is even in our plans and our forecast, we continue to anticipate that we will have some bolt-on activity as we go forward. So we would expect to continue to have some small add-ons in terms of acquisitions. If we just, I guess -- there's going to be that type of work going forward. I would say the bar is going to be a little different for a period of time, no doubt about it. But we know that there are a number of properties out there that we're very interested in and remain interested in even in spite of the Nalco merger.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMC.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: If you look at your sequential sales, you went from about $1.7 billion to $1.74 billion, but your SG&A costs went from $610 million to $595 million or down $15 million sequentially in spite of sales going up $40 million. How did you do that?
Douglas M. Baker: Well, Jeff, we've been working on a couple of pieces, but certainly, one has been a lot of restructure activity going on in Europe, which is a big spend area for us. So certainly, we know that's gaining traction so that had like some of the story if you go through, if you're looking at reported numbers, might as well, you're likely going to have FX and some other impacts too.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So I guess the counterpart of that is sequentially, your International sales were up about $16 million and your International operating profits were up $17 million? So does that reflect some absolute reduction in costs in Europe or in your offshore area? Or how do you analyze that change?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, look, again you're going to -- this can be year-on-year. So you're going to have and we're trying to...
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And is this sequential?
Douglas M. Baker: On Europe, this is sequential?
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, so in other words, sales up $17 million -- and of course $16 million, profits are up $17 million?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. It's a big base. I mean, if you have gross profit expansion, right, significant -- we've got a reduction in SG&A because of leverage and you'll end up being able to do numbers like that, not forever, mind you. But certainly, that's the formula. And we have said routinely that we expect to see increased leverage in our international businesses, right, in AP and LA, it's principally going to come from volume, right, as you have a fixed asset base and then Europe, it is principally from the restructuring or efficiency activity, i.e. that we call, renaissance paying off.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Did your sequential prices change in the quarter?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, they went up.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: A percent?
Douglas M. Baker: No, it didn't go up that much. I'd say it went up like half a point, 50 basis points.
Operator: The next question comes from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about any disparity or the variation in pricing across your business units.
Douglas M. Baker: Pricing variation? A lot of -- Let me -- I'm going to go look for a chart for one second. Well, I'm sorry, Bob, if you want a detailed answer, you're going to get one now.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Excellent.
Douglas M. Baker: So look, the pricing activity is greatest in Institutional North America. It's where we're seeing the raw material increases principally and where we have the inflationary pressure, F&B globally. Not as much in services, in healthcare it's fairly modest, right? Regionally, North America, Europe or later cycle in AP and LA.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then can I follow-up on the Institutional business, I mean, obviously it's the biggest one, we suspect one of the more profitable businesses. Do you reach at some point a scale disadvantage where you've just gotten so big that you can't grow it at sort of those corporate wide 7% to 8% rates that you project overall, or is there reasons to think there could be ebbs and flows in that particular business?
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I guess theoretically, you do get there. We aren't there yet. I think the thing to remember about our Institutional business is you got to go take it back down to the customer level. The way we grow this business is like growing our business within customers and if we sell more customers and sell them more stuff, we will grow. And the only reason I bring that up is if you look at even the change within Institutional, where we've got the longest history and have frankly the highest penetration from an Institutional standpoint, you still got significant upside in selling them, GCS, Pest, EcoSure, water filtration, et cetera. And so they still remain a very good, if you will, growth avenue for this company and it's also a very profitable growth avenue for this company because we've got the whole infrastructure built up overtime. So that's how we think about that. When you look at Institutional alone, I would say, look they've accelerated sales this year, their second half sales are going to be dramatically better from a growth rate than their first half sales, they are working to offset and will more than offset in the fourth quarter the raw materials that they've had to take on this year. It's continued to invest in that business. They got the best product portfolio that I think they've ever had, and they've got a bunch of stuff coming onstream. They're putting on new technology out in the field. That business is a great business. And I really think that team has done a very good job driving the type of activities we know we need to drive to continue to grow share there, which is exactly what they're doing.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. And I'd like you go ahead and turn it back to Mr. Monahan for closing remarks.
Michael Monahan: Well, thanks, everyone, for your participation today. If you have any questions, please give us a call. Otherwise, have a terrific day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference call. The call has concluded. You may go ahead and disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-27 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Monahan - Vice President of External Relations Douglas Baker - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Steven Fritze - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Brian Maguire Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder LLC Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch Michael Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Edward Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Andrew Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated John Roberts - Buckingham Research Associations Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Unknown Analyst -  Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C. P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC
Operator: Welcome to the Ecolab Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. And now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Michael Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Monahan: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's second quarter conference call. With me today are Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman, President and CEO; and Steve Fritze, Ecolab's Chief Financial Officer. A copy of our earnings release and accompanying slides referenced in this teleconference are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statements on Slides 2 and 3. Stating of this teleconference and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Form 10-K under Item 1A, risk factors, in our second quarter earnings release and in our recent Nalco merger agreement and on Slide 2. We also refer you to Slide 3, which describes additional merger information and where to find it, as well as participants in this merger.  This conference call does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information that is also in the release. Starting with Slide 4, we delivered an accelerated sales and profit gain in the second quarter. We leveraged the improved sales volume and pricing growth, along with strong acquisition performances to offset the significant run-up in delivered product costs and produce a double-digit increase in our adjusted earnings per share. Our actions to transform our Europe business into a higher growth and more profitable geography are going well and we remain confident in our prospects for a substantial margin improvement.  Looking ahead, we expect to continue outperforming our generally improving markets and show continued strong quarterly earnings gains in the second half as better sales growth, pricing, innovation and margin leverage work to deliver double-digit adjusted EPS growth once again in 2011. Reflecting this robust outlook, we raised our forecasted adjusted earnings for the full year to $2.52 to $2.56 per share, excluding the impact of a recently announced merger agreement with Nalco. Further, we believe these continued improving business trends, along with accelerating benefits from our Europe transformation and the additional growth opportunities from the Nalco merger will lead to better EPS growth for Ecolab in the years ahead.  Moving to some highlights from the quarter as shown on Slide 5 and discussed in our press release, reported second quarter earnings per share declined 2% to $0.53. On an adjusted basis, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items from both years, second quarter 2011 earnings per share increased 14% to $0.64, which was at the top end of our forecasted range. The adjusted earnings per share growth was driven by better volume and pricing from new products and new account gains, along with the strong performance from acquisitions, which more than offset higher delivered product and other costs.  We enjoyed strong sales growth in our U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing, Asia Pacific and Latin America operations. In the U.S., we benefited from an improved momentum across the board, including our Food & Beverage, Kay, Institutional and GCS divisions. We continue to be aggressive, focusing on accelerating our top line growth, as we emphasize our innovative products and service strengths to help drive increased market share in our core businesses and deliver new account acquisition among our national, regional and independent prospects. We are implementing appropriate price increases to help offset higher delivered product costs. We remain focused on expanding our margins, emphasizing productivity and efficiency improvements to help increase profitability. We are underway with our actions to improve growth and profitability in our Europe business. While still early in our process, we are seeing good initial results and we continue to expect strong margin improvement for the full year 2011 and more significant progress over the next several years. And we are also making significant investments in key growth businesses and acquisitions to build future growth. This includes last week's announcement of our merger agreement with Nalco, which we believe will bolster our opportunities set for customers and position us as the leader in additional high-growth markets that leverage our mutual core strengths in product technology and sales and service execution.  Looking ahead, we expect continued strong adjusted quarterly earnings growth through 2011, as pricing, innovation and efficiency improvements, along with favorable currency trends offset the impact of higher delivered product costs and as our restructuring efforts accelerate. We look for our third quarter adjusted EPS to be in the $0.73 to $0.75 range, compared with adjusted EPS of $0.66 in the third quarter 2010. We raised our full year forecast and outlook for 2011 adjusted EPS to be in the range of $2.52 to $2.56 per share, showing a 13% to 15% gain over last year, excluding the prospective impact from the Nalco, which is expected to close in the fourth quarter. That EPS gain would represent the ninth year in the last 10 of adjusted double-digit EPS growth.  In summary, we expect 2011 to reflect a strengthening performance by Ecolab as we show strong earnings gains to once again deliver attractive growth and shareholder returns, and set the stage for improved results in the years ahead.  Ecolab's reported consolidated sales for the second quarter increased 12%. Looking at the components, volume and mix increased 4%, pricing rose 1%, acquisitions were 3% and currency increased sales by 4%. Slide 6 includes sales growth by segment and division. Sales for the U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing operations rose 9%. Adjusted for acquisitions, sales increased 6%. Institutional sales improved in the second quarter, growing 4%. Sales initiatives targeting new accounts and effective product and service programs continue to lead our results. Our markets were mixed, with further expansion in lodging and softer food servers' foot traffic. We are introducing more new products that deliver improved value to reduce labor, water and energy costs for customers in our warewashing, laundry and housekeeping markets, as we continue driving our growth and industry leadership. We showed a number of these at the National Restaurant Show in May and are confident these solutions will have important benefits for our customers and business results. These new products include Solid Power XL, our new concentrated warewashing product that provides 50% more cleaning power per capsule, as well as the Cleaning Caddy, which won an industry innovation award and provides customers with the ability to more frequently clean their restrooms with less downtime, thereby saving money and improving guest and employee satisfaction. We're also making additional investments in our sales and service force and leveraging additional marketing initiatives to drive sales growth. We expect these growth initiatives, as well as additional pricing, to help offset raw material inflation and deliver improving institutional sales gains over the balance of the year.  Kay's second quarter sales were up 7%, led by strong new account growth from food retail. We expect continued good new account growth in food retail, along with better quick service sales in Kay's third quarter. Reported sales for Textile Care increased 70%. Adjusted foreign acquisitions, sales were up a solid 9%. Good customer gains, momentum from new product launches and additional sales within existing customers more than offset soft but improving industry conditions. We expect to have further gradual improvement in textile industry conditions, when combined with our strength in Textile Care business, will yield good sales growth, and again in the third quarter.  Healthcare sales increased 27%. Excluding the acquisition of OR solutions, sales were flat as we compare it against a large one-time government order in the prior year and the transfer of some sales to Ecolab International segment. Adjusting for these items, U.S. Healthcare division sales increased 5%. The equipment and patient drapes, hand hygiene and instrument processing led the sales gain. We continue to be pleased with the acquisition of OR solutions. It is performing well. We also continue to see new account gains from our OptiPro instrument reprocessing line for central sterile and further progress in our EnCompass environmental hygiene line for patient room hygiene.  Looking ahead, third quarter sales are expected to show continued good organic and strong reported sales gains. Food & Beverage sales grew 10%, led by strong water management sales. Sales increased in most segments, led by corporate account wins, pricing and product penetration. Food & Beverage will continue to focus on new account acquisition, pricing and new product sales and is expected to show strong growth in the third quarter. EcoCare sales increased 3%. Division continues focusing on new products and accounts. EcoCare once again outperformed its markets, offsetting mixed and market conditions with good growth led by In-Bev and auto dealership volume. We look for our Vehicle Care to continue showing year-over-year sales growth in the third quarter.  Sales for U.S. Other Services rose 1% in the second quarter. Pest elimination sales were flat as gains in food processing, healthcare and food retail were offset by slow conditions in other major end markets. We continue to develop new product and program solutions to better meet our customer needs and differentiate our offerings. Recent new program launches like Guardian Plus for full-service restaurants and bedbug treatments in non-hospitality markets, such as long-term care, retail and restaurants are showing good results. We expect our new products and programs, along with aggressive selling, to help offset the soft markets and yield sales improvement in the second half of the year.  GCS sales increased 7% in the quarter. Once again, profitability improved over last year. New account wins and appropriate pricing helped to drive the sales gain. We remain focused on developing chain account relationships and driving sales through their regional and franchise organizations. We expect GCS to show continued sales growth and improved profitability in the third quarter. Measured in fixed currencies, international sales increased 7%. Adjusted for acquisitions, sales increased 5%. Europe, Middle East and Africa sales rose 3% in the second quarter at fixed currency rates. Europe's Institutional second quarter sales increased modestly adjusted for divestitures. New business gains among regional and local customers leveraged new products that offer customers superior results, cost savings and better efficiency to deliver the increase.  Food & Beverage sales rose nicely over last year, reflecting market share gains. Food & Beverage continues to focus on corporate accounts, emphasizing the cost savings benefits of our innovative products. Textile Care sales declined modestly in a continued weak market. And Europe Healthcare sales showed a solid increase as gains in pharmaceutical and infection prevention led the growth. After Europe reported a solid increase benefiting from operational improvements as well as seasonal shifts that will be partially offset in the second half. Our work to improve operating efficiency in our Europe operations is well underway and showing good progress. We're nearly finished with the rightsizing of our European headquarters. We have implemented logistics improvements in France. We opened our shared services center in East Europe, with the first transfers of work completed. In addition, discussions with the works councils had been successfully concluded. We are still early in the process, with more actions to be taken, as we work to realize the approximately 100 basis point margin improvement in 2011 from transformation activities, and double that in each of the next 2 years.  Looking ahead, we expect Europe's third quarter fixed currency sales to show continued modest growth. We are seeing the expected margin improvement from our transformation work, though it will be offset by higher delivered product costs and higher variable compensation in the third quarter. However, we expect the fourth quarter profits will be markedly better.  Asia Pacific sales grew 16% in fixed currencies. Adjusted for acquisitions, sales grew 5%. We estimate the effects of the earthquake in Japan reduced that second quarter sales gain by about 3 percentage points. Institutional sales, adjusted for the Cleantech acquisition and the impact of the Japan earthquake, were strong. Food & Beverage sales also showed strong organic growth. Both the beverage and brewing sectors continued their increase, benefiting from improved product penetration and account gains. Looking ahead, Asia Pacific expects continued good sales growth in the third quarter but there will be, perhaps, 1 percentage point of negative impact on Asia-Pacific's third quarter growth from the earthquake in Japan.  Second quarter sales for Ecolab's Canadian operations increased 7% in fixed currency rates. Strong growth in the core businesses drove the strong results. Latin America reported a strong sales gain, rising 14% in fixed currencies, as all divisions in their region grew double digits. Institutional growth was driven by new accounts, increased product penetration and continued success with global and regional accounts. Food & Beverage sales reflected good demand in the beverage and brewing markets, as well as the benefits of new accounts. And Pest Elimination sales showed us double-digit gain. Overall, we expect attractive growth trends to continue in Latin America and they should yield a solid gain in the third quarter.  Turning to margins on the income statement in Slide 7 in our presentation, second quarter gross margins decreased 140 basis points to 49.3%. The decrease primarily reflected the impact of higher delivered product costs, which more than offset the impact of volume and pricing gains. We expect that the second quarter will be the peak in terms of year-over-year impact from the higher delivered product costs in North America, and in total, and that pricing and cost reduction actions that are underway will increasingly offset the cost impact in future quarters. We anticipate that the delivered product costs will peak in Europe in the third quarter.  SG&A expenses represented 35.9% of sales, 130 basis points below last year. Leverage from the sales gains and acquisitions more than offset cost increases. Operating income for Ecolab's U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing segment rose 3%. Adjusted for acquisitions, U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing operating income was off 4%, as higher delivered product costs more than offset pricing and volume gains in the quarter. Operating income for U.S. Other Services declined 15% as higher service delivery and other costs more than offset pricing and cost savings actions. International fixed currency operating income increased 26% versus last year, while margins expanded 130 basis points. Volume and pricing gains, along with improved efficiencies, more than offset higher delivered product costs.  Corporate segment and tax rate are discussed in the press release. We repurchased 0.9 million shares during the second quarter. The nether's [ph] performance is that Ecolab's reported second quarter diluted earnings per share of $0.53 compared with $0.54 reported a year ago. When adjusted for special gains and charges and discrete tax items in both years, adjusted earnings increased 14% to $0.64 when compared with $0.56 earned a year ago.  Turning to Slide 8, Ecolab's balance sheet and cash flow remain strong. Total debt to total capital was 32% at June 30, compared with 34% reported a year ago. Our net debt was 27%. As detailed in Slide 9, we will continue to take aggressive actions in 2011 to drive both our top and bottom lines, expanding our market share and customer penetration, using differentiated new products and leveraging our investments in our key growth markets. We are using pricing and innovation to benefit margins, and along with favorable currency trends, expect to more than offset delivered product cost increases in the second half.  Further, recent acquisitions will be a meaningful contributor to 2011 earnings growth. Europe's work to transform itself into a higher growth and more profitable operation continues to go very well and we continue to look for about 100 basis points of margin improvement from Europe in 2011, though higher raw material costs and higher variable comp will offset that progress in the third quarter. Despite this short-term impact, we expect the results from our actions to accelerate in the fourth quarter of 2011 and continue to increase significantly over the next several years.  Looking at the third quarter 2011, we expect adjusted earnings per share, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items, to be in the $0.73 to $0.75 range compared with the adjusted earnings per share of $0.66 earned a year ago. We raised both the top and bottom of our full year estimate by $0.03 and now look for full year 2011 earnings per share to increase 13% to 15% to the $2.52 to $2.56 range, excluding the impact of our recently announced agreement to merge with Nalco. We expect the second half gains to be driven by improving sales volume, higher pricing, cost savings, acquisitions and the actions we are taking to improve your profits.  In summary, as noted on Slide 10, we deliver at the top end of our forecast range in the second quarter while offsetting higher delivered product costs and while still investing in our future. We look for the third quarter to show continued growth, and for 2011 to represent our ninth year of adjusted double-digit EPS growth out of the last 10 years. And we expect the investments and actions we are now taking will yield better sales and EPS growth in 2012 and '13. We are very excited by the potential of the merger with Nalco. Nalco's position in large and high-growth markets, its technology and sales and service leadership, offer substantial compelling benefits for our customers and provide significant additional growth drivers for our business. In response to questions we received following the announcement, we're including some supplementary financial information in Slides 11 and 12. I'll turn the call over to Steve Fritze to walk through these slides for you. Steve?
Steven Fritze: Thanks, Mike. In response to questions from investors, we are providing a detailed view of the 2012 P&L, the pacing of cost synergies through 2014, depreciation and amortization changes due to purchase accounting, capital additions, as well as return on invested capital information and perspective. Remember, this is way before we would normally give guidance for the following year. So of course, we have risk-adjusted the information accordingly.  First, the 2012 P&L Slide 11 as we see it. To explain the chart, we've started with the median consensus forecast of each entity for next year in the first 2 columns. Remember, these are the median. So for example, if you took the high and low analyst sales forecast for next year for each of the 2 businesses and added them together, you'd get a range of about $800 million. Hopefully, that puts into perspective our adjustment column, which is merely our adjustment to the median view of 2012 for the combined business base. This is our view before synergies and other deal-related P&L changes. You can see our view is for strong underlying business performance from both entities. Both businesses just increased 2011 guidance last week, yet the 2012 consensus for each is largely unchanged.  Then we have synergies. We have started with a pretty conservative assumption here. We know it. Integration planning will begin soon and we will be all over it for 2012. Finally, on this slide, there are other transaction impacts. First is the expected accounting impacts on tangible and intangible assets. For tangible assets, while there will be a write-off in value, there will also be a reset on remaining useful lives so as to reduce depreciation and net of $42 million. Then the impact of customer list, technology, et cetera, should increase amortization from Nalco's current amortization rate and it'll add $211 million to it. Thus, the net of $169 million between amortization and depreciation. These numbers are educated in the sense that we have used outside valuation resources to get a preliminary view. But of course, they are not final. Interest expense is our view of the financing cost based on expected structure and current interest rates with some cushion. Tax is simply the reduced taxes due to the additional expense. Finally, the increase in shares. So, that's the walkthrough of the 2012 P&L, getting to $3.  The next page provides some important information on depreciation and amortization expense and capital additions for cash flow modeling and our views on synergy pacing, tax rate and importantly, returns. I think they all speak for themselves, but I want to give some perspective on ROIC. We expect our ROIC, including the impacts of purchase accounting, to be at 10% next year, growing about 400 basis points over the following 3 years. So we expect a strong improvement, and this is very consistent with our history.  For perspective, in year 2000, Ecolab's ROIC was 18.3%. In 2002, the first year after we acquired the other half of the European joint venture, it dropped to 13.6%. And it then continued to grow and increased to 18.9% in 2007 before we did some healthcare and food and beverage acquisitions, which dropped it back to 16.3% in 2008. And by 2010, just a couple of years later, it was at 20.5%. So we have a strong history of focus on improving returns, which can be accomplished when you operate with a highly recurring strong cash flow business. And you can see the strong cash EPS of the combined businesses up about $0.60 or 20% from Ecolab alone next year. So you can see that strong cash flow. So that concludes my financial remarks, providing more transparency into what I view as a transaction that brings a lot of opportunity and is very attractive from a financial perspective. Now, I'll turn it over to Doug Baker.
Douglas Baker: Good afternoon. Look, I want to offer perspective on 2 key points, one is our business performance in the second quarter and then also our outlook for the year. And then on the planned merger with Nalco. So first, our business. I characterize our second quarter as a very good quarter. We don't use the words "very good" around here easily. I would say if you take a look at our sales and you exclude FX, foreign exchange and acquisitions, we grew it plus 5%. And so we're really closing in on our 6% to 8% historic target much faster than we had predicted. In the last call, we predicted that we'd start reaching, if you will, the 6% mark by year end. And so clearly, we're on a pace to do that in a much shorter time period.  The sales acceleration was really driven by our own efforts. We've got great innovation, it's working, being accepted by customers. Our team is doing a great job driving it. We also, in part because of innovation, have great new business activity. We've had very strong results and we're very pleased with what we're doing in the market in terms of capturing new customers and driving new sales. New growth initiatives are working. We had strong healthcare, strong emerging markets, strong wool [ph] results, Water, Energy & Waste results in this quarter. And I would say, the sales acceleration and the stronger growth initiatives are very important because the market still is quite slow as we projected. So really, market turnaround would be in front of us. It certainly isn't behind us at this point.  If we turn to Europe, Europe, you saw improving growth on the top, albeit still slow, 2% to 3% range. Good margin expansion, 130 basis points year-on-year for the quarter and we're on track for the year to hit our target in spite of, really, unplanned, insignificant raw material increases that are affecting all of our regions but also Europe. Now we also want to say that we expect a little lumpy story in the second half. In Q3, we will have raw materials peaking in Europe and we also have a year-on-year bonus comparison, which frankly turns favorable in Q4 and is a little bit of a problem in Q3. So we expect strong results in Europe margins in the second half, but it's going to be lumpy, much, much -- really strong in Q4, not as strong in Q3. We want to make sure that's clear.  Margins overall. They are gaining traction. We've got pricing coming on, the raw price delta declines as the year progresses, not because we expect our raw material prices to decrease this year but simply because the base gets easier. Last year, you had raw material inflation in the second half versus the first half. So if you will, what we have to overcome in terms of year-on-year comps becomes easier in the second half. The second quarter globally or in total for the business was our toughest comp period for raw material or for margin compression. So that's behind us and we know with pricing and frankly easier comps, our margin story is going to get stronger, which is important because this going to leave us in a very good position with very strong momentum, leaving the year and moving into 2012.  So as a result of our sales acceleration, margin recovery, we raised our forecast for the year, and it now stands on an EPS basis of a 13% to 15% increase versus last year. So in that, we expect to have another very, very solid year this year and are excited about what's going on in our business.  So now let me turn to the planned merger with Nalco. Let me start with the logic. And so we've talked to a lot of people about this. At the end of the day, we're excited about this merger because it makes us a bigger, faster and better growth company. It equips us to grow our existing portfolio in a much better way long term. Currently, if you look at our current customer set at Ecolab, over 50% of them buy water processing management sustainability services, not always from Nalco, but from a provider of those services. It is an existing revenue stream in those markets. Our customer needs in this area are growing.  Water, while everybody talks about the secular trends, is becoming a real issue, particularly in our industrial set but also in hotels and hospitals in terms of their need for competency, help assuring quality water, handling ebb flow to water and handling the captive water in their environment. For us, long term, it was very clear that strategically, we were going to need enhanced water competency to thrive going forward. Wasn't urgent, but it was very important. And we knew it's something we're going to need to do to make sure that we continue to thrive long term.  This combination opens up great innovation opportunity for us to meet our customer needs as we work to couple this and package deals in a way that we can do it uniquely, given the combination of our businesses. It also will bring core innovation that we can leverage back in our traditional businesses, too.  Second, we bought a great company. Nalco has the best market position. Number one. [indiscernible] technology, they're the clear leaders in this business in this industry, and buying the leader is really going to put us in a very advantageous position. We also believe that we will enhance Nalco's ability to compete going forward. Number one, we believe, they say, they have been somewhat hindered from moving as fast as they want because of their cash or their debt position. That gets cleared up. We add significant management bandwidth. Why? Because we're taking their talented team, coupling with our talented team and we know there's overlap that goes away, we will have additional capabilities and we run identical models, which means we can add value right away. There is great technology overlap and there are tremendous CTC, Circle the Customer, opportunities.  We estimate that there will be $0.5 billion in CTC sales over the first 5 years, which equates to about 1 point of additional sales in each of those years. And it's really because there is over $1 billion opportunity up in B. There's also great opportunity at Textile Care, hotels, healthcare, et cetera. There is significant opportunity to get after.  Ultimately, the combination opens up a broader list of M&A bolt-on and technology play opportunities for us. Net, we expect to live at the top end of our traditional organic range, call it 8% plus moving forward, which means we will grow, and that is without M&A, because when you start adding M&A, we really believe we've got a very, very strong top line growth story as a result of this combination. Net, we've got a faster growth portfolio, chasing $100 billion opportunity.  The fit of these businesses is excellent. They fit together very naturally. We have very similar cultures, servicing growth mindsets. We have very similar technologies and most importantly, we have nearly a mirror image in terms of the business model we deploy in our markets. Taking technology and field service, coupled in unit to deliver outsized value to customers. And we trade for product premiums, but deliver enhanced value through energy, water and other savings. That is exactly the model we deploy. That is the model they deploy.  So we understand how this business works and are quite confident we can add value, given our long history in running these types of models. This combination creates real cost synergies. We have conservatively estimated these to be $150 million on a run rate basis. We project that we will be at full $150 million run rate at the end of year 2, which means at the end of 2013, there is significant corporate in G&A overlap, there are purchasing synergies in supply chain. We see 0 synergies coming from R&D in field sales and service. This is principally about growth, but there are great cost synergies and we plan to get after them quite aggressively. On top of the cost, there's also interest and tax savings synergies as well.  Net, the sum total of the cost synergies more than exceeded value, the premium we paid for this business and handily covers it, which brings me to deal valuation. We paid a real premium on this business but we get an excellent deal for our shareholders. We spent a lot of time on due diligence. We're confident that their business is accelerating, that their margins are on track to improve because they're getting pricing.  They've recently made, we think, very smart, but P&L punishing investments and expanding R&D significantly, which we think they did the right thing, on adding 500 net sales people, 900 specifically in the emerging markets. So their P&L base is quite solid. It is fully invested and we have not, I don't think, seen all the benefits of these investments because they don't appear immediately. We believe they are poised for strong performance, and the combination of these businesses only enhances their opportunities going forward. The deal, as a result of the cost synergies alone, is accretive. In 2012, we talked about $0.10. Nearly $0.08 of that is coming from the cost savings. $0.24 will come from the cost savings in 2013, and $0.34 in 2014. So you can see just from the cost savings, this does not include growth, it doesn't include growth synergies. The cost savings alone drive significant accretion as we go through this.  Last point, enterprise valuation. Ecolab has earned a premium over the years because one, the market understands our near and long-term growth story and buys into it; and two, the market understands our model and rewards us for our transparency, predictability and consistency. We believe firmly in our ability to continue to deliver on both of these fronts going forward. Our growth story, we believe, has only been enhanced as a result of this combination, we chase a bigger opportunity, there are clear CTC opportunities. The portfolio, we think, is naturally a faster growth portfolio, which is why we are talking about 8% plus organic growth going forward.  Our consistency is also an area we believe we can drive great improvements in their business. And in total, our consistency is driven by steps we take. It is not naturally occurring, not like gravity in our business. We do a number of things which drives this over time, which we also believe can be successfully applied to their business. How we procure, how we reward and compensate people, how we incent customers. All are designed to reduce, not accentuate, cyclicality.  Most importantly, how we manage. We know the details of our business. We get into it monthly. We understand the issues early. We develop excellent forecast capabilities. We demand it of our general managers. All of this allows us to start predicting and driving consistency in our business, and all of the above are going to enhance our ability to do the same with them. And we are quite confident we will end up with a business which is predictable and ultimately consistent.  So in the end, we know that the only thing that really determines value in any enterprise is how successfully one executes against marked strategies. And this is exactly the case here. And we like this deal. We think it's strategically perfect for us. It is a very natural fit. It's ripe with opportunity. And so, our commitment is to realize the value for our shareholders, which we are very confident we can do. And we will do it predictably and consistently, and we will ultimately drive, we think, a very successful enterprise that will show value for customers, for our employees and for shareholders. So with that, let me turn it to Mike.
Michael Monahan: Thanks, Doug. Some final notes before the Q&A. As mentioned on the last call, we plan to hold our biennial investor meeting on September 8 in St. Paul. If you have an interest in attending or you have any questions about it, please contact me or Nicole in my office. And with that, operator, will you please begin the Q&A period?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Nate Brochmann with William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Wanted to talk a little bit, Doug, I think you said obviously going to the fourth quarter, you see some headwinds in the third quarter dissipating between the comp and the raw material prices. I just wondered if you could elaborate a little bit on that in terms of what you see in terms of the strength of the top line going into the end of the year, as well as your confidence in those headwinds abating?
Douglas Baker: Yes. So Nate, when I was talking specifically about the comp and the raw material comp challenge in Q3, that was with Europe specifically. In total, I would say the margin story gets easier and better as we go forward, not more difficult with the exception in Europe. So we peaked globally in Q2, Europe peaks in Q3. Right, it's just what I would call a quarter delay there and you just have a very different story in Q4. In terms of organic sales growth, we expect continued acceleration in our organic sales growth. So we are a little north of 5% here. We expect to be North of that in Q3, and 6% rate in Q4.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Great. And then also on Europe, I was wondering if we could dive into that just a little bit. Mike, I think you said in your prepared comments that you have actually worked through all the work council issues at this point, was wondering if you could just elaborate a little bit on that because that sounds like a pretty big turning point there?
Michael Monahan: Yes. Not much more to say, Nate. We did them, we did them successfully so we're pleased to have that behind us. And as we said, we're on to the many other projects we've got underway. So we're starting to see some real traction there. So, good news.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: And do you need growth in Europe on the top side to get to all your promised margin expansion? Or can you do that even if Europe stagnates?
Douglas Baker: Yes I think, Nate, I think what we said still applies here. We don't need dramatic growth there, but we're growing in the 2% to 3% range right now. That growth is certainly sufficient to drive the type of margin performance we've talked about. Obviously, more growth is going to drive even better results. And in our forecasts suggest that that's exactly what we're going to see is continued slow growth, but growth going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Harrison with First Analysis.
Michael Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation: The European business typically sees a seasonally strong quarter in Q3. I guess my first question is do you expect that seasonal strength, given the economic environment there? Or do you have some concerns about what's typically a stronger quarter?
Douglas Baker: Yes, Mike, Doug. We'll still see a stronger Q3. You're right, seasonally it's the peak quarter in Europe. We still expect that. We expect to have modest top line growth versus last year in the quarter, and it will be our strongest margin quarter. The margin comment we were talking about is really just your delta.
Michael Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation: So I guess that kind of answers my second question then, which is would you expect to see the seasonal strength more than offset the raw material pressure on margins?
Douglas Baker: No, not completely. And it's really just -- it is the roughest comp period that we have, and it's a combination of margin and variable pay we had, frankly mostly in the base is a challenge last year. So it'll be our strongest quarter for the year. It almost always is on margins, because it's the strongest sales quarter. So the comments are year-on-year, not quarter-on-quarter.
Michael Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation: Got it. Okay. And then was hoping that you could also maybe give us some metrics on new account growth year-over-year, maybe I guess as a portion of the 4% of volume growth number? And then if you could also give us some color on where you are in terms of leveraging Circle the Customer opportunities with those new accounts?
Douglas Baker: Well, that would come later, Mike. Traditionally, we drive Circle the Customer opportunities in accounts that have been with us for a period of time. We haven't had the practice of releasing exact new account data, corporately. I would offer this. We, at the end of last year, talked that 2010 was one of our strongest all-time years in new account productivity, particularly in corporate accounts. And we are outpacing that right now handily.
Operator: Our next question comes from Edward Yang with Oppenheimer.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: In pest, volume growth was flat again and it's been flat for a while. That's historically been a very nice growth business for you. When do you think that will accelerate?
Douglas Baker: Yes. Our pest business is clearly, from a top line standpoint, I'd say one of the few not bright spots in our quarter or year so far, and I guess that's the nature of having 14 businesses, they're not going to all be kicking. And our expectation of pest is that we're doing a lot of work within that business to what I would say enhance value, drive innovation and improve service quality performance. We're making great traction on service quality at this point in time. We're starting to drive innovation in some of the other call it new programs. And we expect this to be a sluggish year all year for pest as a result of the need to go drive these. But our goal is to start rekindling growth so that we'd leave the year with much more promising prospects for 2012.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: And Doug, you touched with regards to Nalco some of the Circle the Customer opportunities, and most of your existing customers already buy water treatment services, et cetera. I would think pest is kind of also logical extension and makes sense from that standpoint as well. Where do you think the penetration level of Circle the Customer with pest in your existing Institutional business? And do you think the ramp-up with regards to the Nalco opportunities would be faster than that?
Douglas Baker: Well, we've had a lot of success driving CTC over the years, and so it's been successfully deployed. I just happen to have gone through a pretty thorough review of pest yesterday. And so a comment here, we think we've got very promising prospects in several of our key industries and we're really going to do focused effort. And so right now, we have a fairly consistent share across these industries, which is really a function of probably we need increased focus where we've got the best shot at winning long term. And that's exactly what we're going to do on pest. What do we estimate on customers? In Institutional and many of our customers, we will be on average about 25% to 30% penetrated with pest. Well, there's upside there clearly. We have other segments, which I'd rather not go name here right now, where we are going to focus on what I call extra efforts to go drive penetration, which we think we can get to upwards of 50% plus in some of those segments because of the need, because of the fit and because we've got the right programs to go drive that type of penetration right now. That is going to evolve here in the next 6 to 9 months.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: And you think the Nalco CTC opportunities will be an easier or harder or equal sell?
Douglas Baker: I think they're going to be in many of the segments, the segments we've talked about, a much more natural fit right now. What is front-mind of many of our customers right now is how we integrate and manage water use in their facilities. You can go look at Coke's commitments, Pepsi's commitments, all our brewer customers' commitments. Food & Beverage processing, protein, hotels are under huge issues on water usage and sustainability. This is like the top-of-mind. I've gotten letters from customers in all those industries, post this announcement, telling us how excited they are that we are going to be bringing these 2 things together because the fit is intuitive to those in those industries. Water, we are the #1 consumer of water in many of these industries as part of our cleaning processes. And so being able -- and when you clean basically what you're doing is treating water to create cleaning capabilities. That's what cleaning is. And what we also have to understand is the ramifications on F1 and on equipment and everything else and integrate these. We've learned a great deal about this in running the water business we have today, which is growing at a very fast rate. The problem is our scale. That business globally is $130 million. I mean, it's just a little pebble in a big landscape. And what we really need is the footprint to go leverage. And so huge issue for customers. It's going to be a growing issue. And this is isn't the secular conversation that water is going to be scarce in parts of the world. These are issues that our customers are facing day in day out now and need the technology now, and we've got a great chance of driving significant share gains for our Nalco once this merger is consummated.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Ridley-Lane with Merrill Lynch.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Sure. I'm just checking that the Nalco acquisition changed neither the timing or the size of the European transformation benefits that you've talked about in the past?
Douglas Baker: No, it hasn't. What we've said is this. The only thing we're going to do from an integration standpoint are moves that we think will accelerate and enhance the commitments we've already made. So we do not believe this is going to slow down nor impact negatively on what we've committed to, which is 500 plus margin points by the end of year 3, or the end of '13.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And maybe just following on to some earlier questions with a llittle bit of a different angle. Is the point of sales for the Cleaning & Sanitizing Ecolab products today the same as the water treatment Nalco-type products among your Food & Beverage and other industrial clients?
Douglas Baker: The answer is by and large yes, in our industrial clients. It can be in healthcare. Healthcare has many, many points of purchase. Healthcare would probably, be the one exception, but hospitality and F&B and textile would be the same point.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then what's been sort of the cross sell success with the existing water treatment offering? And I know it's going to get a lot stronger with the Nalco acquisition, but just sort of wondering what's been the success with the existing offering?
Douglas Baker: Yes, it's been highly successful. We have our 40% growth in the quarter. It's been driven by a number of outside successes in F&B. Honestly, we are impaired from pulling the leveraging the F&B opportunities to the footprint. The F&B business in particular, is our most global business. In that business, you need a big, large footprint if you're going to go fully leverage the CTC capabilities, and that is really true in water. So one of our great advantages in F&B is our capabilities around the world to meet our customer needs and to drive consistency and the high standards. That's exactly what you're looking for in water. But we have the relationships in this business, and we have deeper penetration in this market, frankly, almost any other person in any other industry, and it's those relationships and that penetration opportunities that we can start leveraging on behalf of Nalco.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: A couple of questions. To kind of the follow-up on the Nalco integration. Part of your efforts in Europe has been integrating the ERP system. Can you talk about what -- the value proposition, I think, you'll bring to Nalco and I think Steve talked about it in his prepared remarks or maybe Doug did, I forget, is leveraging the systems and the information technology and the data gathering that you have developed for Ecolab on to Nalco's business to, I don't want to say stabilize it, but to make it a bit little more predictable, if not less cyclical. Where does Nalco stand with their ERP systems? How fragmented it is, or have they gone through the common ERP platform and how easy will it be to combine with yours and transfer, your expertise onto their business.
Douglas Baker: I guess, Dmitry, I'll answer 2 ways. One, over 3/4 of their business is on an SAP platform, right? So they're fairly well integrated and frankly are probably a little farther along integrating SAP than we are from that standpoint. So that's additive, not subtractive. However, what I was talking about really wasn't leveraging, if you will, IT systems. What it was is leveraging business processes in terms of how we buy goods, how we incent people, how we structure contracts with customers, right? In terms of pricing, but also in terms of incentives for growth and how you structure those and over what periods of time. Because what we don't like are things in our business which accentuate cyclicality or pro-cyclical by nature. We try to reduce those because it makes it harder to manage the business and predict the business. And so there's a lot of steps that we've taken over the years that are not yet deployed in the Nalco business. And their business model is very similar to ours. 90% of their sales are consumables. They sell annuities like we do. So their business and their patterns, if you will, the EKG of their P&L, when we went through 5-year history and 3-year forecast going forward as part of due diligence, look and feel just like ours do as we go forward. But we know we can do something to amp it. And the #1 thing is frankly just the, I would say, overzealous approach we take to making sure people know and understand their business down to little details. Our business is predictable if you know what's going on day-to-day in your accounts with your teams. What are the accounts, what are the metrics? And so we've learned this over many decades and we keep enhancing it. And I would say there's only 3 other guys in the world who run a model like this, it would be Nalco, Best and Diversey, and all 3 of those have gone through all kinds of management changes in recent years. And we're the one with continuity in this and frankly, having much longer Institutional history and knowledge base about how to run these models than anyone else. And we do believe that we'll bring advantage. Nalco believes that's going to bring advantage. And they've got a talented team, they just don't have the same history. So we believe that's where it comes, not SAP.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. Secondly, somebody noted that your Pest Elimination business has been stalling. But conversely, your GCS business has been delivering good mid- single-digit growth over the last 3 quarters. Can you update us on what the profitability of that business is and what your outlook for the second half of the year is?
Douglas Baker: Yes, the GCS is improving substantially. I would say when we started looking underneath, we like what's going on. The quarter had a little bit of an outside loss of 1.2, slightly better than last year. But what was driving it was we had to deploy a lot of overtime because we really had a lot of demand in that business and we are now expanding the sales and service team to make sure that we reduce overtime. And we had a number of markets where that makes a lot of sense for us from the P&L. We expect the second half, I mean, dare I say, to be profitable in total? I don't know if that'll happen exactly in Q3. It will happen in total during the second half and we like what we see heading into next year.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Sounds good. Sounds good. And then finally, we've clearly seen the acceleration in margins in the international operations, not just in absolute but also if you look at kind of the delta year-over-year. How much of that is just help from currency versus markets growing a little bit faster versus the efforts in Europe?
Douglas Baker: Yes. I would say a lot of it. Europe is the dominant factor in our international sector or segment. And so clearly, Europe's margin performance drives that. But your point is right. AP and LA also had margin growth. And what we've said is mostly that it's been driven by volume, right? And it's really volume overcoming, because they got raw material pressure, too, right? We're just volume growth on top of a fixed infrastructure, which is also what's leveragable in the Nalco acquisition, it's really what drives margin expansion.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch: So were you helped out a lot by foreign exchange or was that kind of a small part of the improvement?
Douglas Baker: No. The margin discussion did not include FX benefits. So when you're talking about our margin, or when we're talking about margin grew internationally, it had no impact from FX.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Bisbee with Barclays.
Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital: I guess the first question, can you review exactly what's going on within the supplementary merger information on the interest expense line? So it looks to me like what you've got going on is that you're assuming you will refinance their existing debt, but maybe if you could break it down, what's the $1.6 billion cash you're paying? How are you going to finance that? Is that the line of credit? What's the rate likely to be? I think you said something about updating your revolver, and then what is your expectation for refinancing your existing debt?
Steven Fritze: Yes. So this is clearly in motion, but we intend to put in place quickly some facilities, probably a upsized $1.5 billion multiyear revolver. We'll probably also have a significant 364-day revolver. Structurally, we will have -- we will term out a bunch of the debt and we'll have it staged properly, because part of this is simply, this is a huge cash flow business. So we won't be putting out a bunch of very, very long-term data. It'll be a good mixture based on cash flow and other considerations, that we've said that the overall interest rate we expect is something around 3.5%.
Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital: Did that include refinancing their debt and the new debt you're going to have to issue to pay the cash portion of that 3.5%?
Michael Monahan: Yes. All of this is still to be finalized.
Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then a follow-up question, can you give us a sense how much easier the raw material comparison gets for the U.S. business in the third quarter versus the second? And I guess what I'm getting at is it looks like the margin comp year-to-year is a little easier as well. So would it be the right assumption that, that business will return to year-to-year operating margin or segment margin expansion this quarter or next?
Douglas Baker: That's just simply the roll through of pricing. So yes, the year-over-year raw abates and at the same time, the power of the increasing pricing amount comes through. It's both.
Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital: And the margin being up is it...
Douglas Baker: Yes, we've said margins to be growing again, certainly in Q4. Fingers crossed, sometime in Q3.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan Chase.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co: How different is the compensation structure for the Nalco sales force versus Ecolab? Is it a large difference or a small difference? How do you see that?
Douglas Baker: Yes. I'd say, historically, there wasn't much difference. And of course, we all have different compensation programs in each of the country due to custom, laws, right, et cetera. If you were to compare here, I would say we are still much more on a traditional program, which I would call more variable. A, ultimately, we believe that is a better way to compensate because it enables people to really push, take care of their customers and grow the business, to make more money. And we like that reward system. And also, as I mentioned, provides a buffer against pro-cyclicality which, I think, when you get a fixed compensation structure, you end up with some of it. We know how to change compensation systems and manage people through it. We do it all the time and we don't do it quickly. We do it very thoughtfully. And we usually do it over a long period of time where we're running dual compensation systems, so that they could take the best of it and learn how to earn money on the new compensation system. But we don't have any shocks in the system.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then lastly, your healthcare revenues grew 0, and I think Mike made some comments about it that if you make various adjustments, you get to something like 5% growth. But I think the original expectation when you started on making your healthcare acquisitions, is that the rate of growth would be maybe double that. Maybe somewhere closer to 10%. So why has healthcare not grown as fast as one might have hoped, if that's a correct characterization?
Douglas Baker: Yes. So the number you're talking about, obviously, so I'd agree with the question just to be clear for everybody else, excludes M&A, right? In the North American number, not a global number. I mean, Europe had organic growth. Well we try to give color on it. I mean, we would say when we go look at this, that business right now is growing, mid to upper single digits on an organic basis if you start waiting the 2 quarters, and that's the expectation in the year. To your point, when we initially got into this business, we thought that organic growth was going to be closer to double-digit than it actually is. Certainly, there's a number of factors which I probably don't need to take you through that have occurred since we got into this business and we sit here. One is huge changes in healthcare, right? In terms of federal reform and other things, which has dislocated some growth temporarily. But we see it coming back and we are growing organically much faster this year than we were last year and expect to continue to accelerate. And there's economic pressures, right? Unemployment rates and all the like, which means you've got fewer people on the systems, at least temporarily. We like this business a lot. We are making very good headway in this business. The acquisitions we've been making are beating fairly aggressively with projections and are delivering even outsized returns. So we like those businesses and we think what we're putting together in healthcare is, in fact, a very strong long-term growth driver, both top line and bottom line. And I think healthcare in total, for the quarter, was up at around -- not organically in total. 27%, I think. Yes, it was nearly 30%.
Operator: Our next question comes from John McNulty with Crdit Suisse.
John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG: Just a couple of quick questions. I know in the last I guess 12 to 18 months, you've put some significant investment in the emerging markets and I realize it takes a little bit of time for those things to actually get some traction. So I guess I'm wondering, have you already started to see that impact the growth on the margins yet or is that something that's on the comp?
Douglas Baker: Yes. I would say what Brazil had -- we made a bunch of growth investments in Brazil and strengthened management and added to our corporate account team, everything else. Our Brazil business has been accelerating and really driven because they have taken a number of pieces of a very important business there, which is exactly what we wanted to do. That, I think, in the the quarter, Brazil is up 18%. We are still investing in that business. What we want to make sure we do is have the leadership position in Brazil. We think strategically it's very important. It's a big breadbasket. And we have got a number of big customers who are headquartered there, and we want to make sure we have the right position there. China had 25% growth. That's Greater China. In the quarter China is further down the track, has got greater scale at this point in time than Brazil. It is not only growing at a very fast rate but also delivering attractive profit.
John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG: Great. And just 2 questions on the Nalco acquisition. I guess the first, in terms of your legacy water treatment platform, in terms of where the actual chemicals or chemistry and manufacturing came from, was that outsourced or did you do that yourself?
Douglas Baker: We made it ourselves. We've been manufacturing water care products for 15 years.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Associations: Okay. Okay, and then with regard to the debt that you're going to be putting in place, just in the off chance the U.S. government doesn't seem to get its house in order in time, have you locked in the rates in terms of where you might be exposed?
Steven Fritze: Yes, we have not yet locked in the interest rates.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: This is actually Brian Maguire on for Bob today. Just wanted to go back to the raw material issue, I think you said on the fourth quarter call, that you're expecting about a $0.10 hit to EPS for the full year and then last quarter you updated that to about $0.20 and cost has gone up a little bit more since then. So I was just curious if you could update us on that expectation now. And then also the comment you made about it peaking in the second quarter, is that strictly from a year-over-year basis, the comps getting easier or are you actually expecting some sequential drop in your raw material costs?
Douglas Baker: Yes, so you're exactly right. We talked about $0.10 at first. It went to $0.20. Our projection now is $0.22, $0.23. So good thing is we're not increasing by $0.10 anymore. The bad thing is it did increase a little bit. But we think in terms of what our expectation is, we do not forecast, although others do. We do not forecast if pricing is going to abate. What we're talking about is our base. It's easier. Because last year, the raw runup that we started in the second half of last year. And so as a result, we're starting to go against easier comps if you look at raw material versus raw material pricing. But we are not forecasting the raw material prices to come down. If they do, it will be a benefit.
Brian Maguire: Got it. And then just on the price mix composition of sales growth, so it's still only up 1% despite being a couple of quarters into the raw material situation now and trying to pass those on. Is mix holding you back there? Is mix adding or subtracting from that or is it just that tough to get pricing still?
Douglas Baker: No, it's building, so some of this is the unhappiness surrounding. We were shy of 1 point in the first quarter, a little north of 1 point in the second. We're going to be thirdly tracking throgh 1.5 in the third and probably expect 2% in the fourth.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay, great. And then here he write that the Foodservice foot traffic sounds like it was a little bit weaker. I think in last quarter's call you may be seeing some stabilization there, less than 1% year-over-year. Has it taken another level lower recently? Or has it just kind of continued off of a little bit lower base?
Douglas Baker: Yes, I would say it's -- I think we predicted to be down 1%. I think for the quarter it was down 2%. So in spite of that, I would say there has been clear acceleration in Institutional. Institutional North America grew at 4% in the quarter, up from 3% in the first quarter. So they continue to gain very solid top line traction in what I would call a not great market situation. And they're doing it the old fashioned way. We sell at more restaurants now, right? And that's the way that they're growing the business, which means we continue to grow share. And when you do see the market, right, firmly bottom and start bouncing back, that's only going to be beneficial.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And then just last question. Can you give a quick update on how the rollout of Apex in Europe is going?
Douglas Baker: Yes. Apex in Europe hasn't been fully launched. It's planned for test markets in the second half of this year and more likely going to have real impact next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I guess first question, how much of the FX to your assuming in the back half of the year?
Douglas Baker: For the second half, I guess we got $0.05.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. And secondly, as you look at the Nalco business and your own business particularly in Europe, is there anything you can do to reduce the trade-off between growth investments and margins? I mean Nalco has had this issue where to accelerate their top line growth, they've had to suppress their margins for a couple of years. And Europe had in the past has been described as having a similar dynamic. Is there anything you can do to change that over the next 4, 5 years?
Douglas Baker: Yes, for a couple reason I think the answer is yes for a couple of reasons. One, they may have made real outsized investments on their P&L over the last 3 years, right? When the current team led by Eric took over, they were way underspent in R&D, upped it by nearly 100%. They added significantly to sales force during that period of time. And I think -- felt they were in catch-up mode, making these types of maneuvers. I think they're in a much more, fully balanced investment standpoint now than they were say a couple of years ago. What the combination is going to do clearly is lower G&A overheads and costs, lower cost of products, so you're going to get cheaper product and open up further innovation opportunities for both sets of businesses. And we know those have -- will enhance the profitability of the business and frankly allow uncontinued investment without the type of margin compression that you've been seeing, I think, principally on the Nalco side. I would say what we have seen in our business over the last 7, 10 years is we have steadily increased our investment in our business while also increasing the OI margin or the output of the business. And that is just getting into the right rhythm. And I think they made a big step upping the investment they just did in R&D and sales team so that they're in a more natural point at this point in time. But there are clear synergies that are going to drive more cost from these businesses.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And then lastly, are there any of Nalco's processed chemicals such us the dispersants that might be considered non-core or do you want to keep the entire portfolio?
Douglas Baker: Yes, I would say broadly our view of Nalco is, we very much appreciate what they do, their portfolio of businesses and products.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG: In the U.S. Institutional, with sales up 3% or 4% in the first half, did you gain share and do you expect to gain any share in the back half of the year as that business picks up?
Douglas Baker: Yes, Dave, Doug. I would say, what fewer units and fewer restaurants and traffic is down in that industry. And so we know that we are clearly outpacing our market growth in that business. And we do prosaic things like count the number of restaurants that we sell and all the rest of it, and how many products we sell these restaurants, we're making progress on those fronts. As how we're growing the business.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG: Just lastly, I know you're investing for pest, but should we see, expect similar margins in the back half of the year in that segment versus the first half of the year i.e. around 13.5% or could it be a little bit higher?
Douglas Baker: Yes, I think margins in the back half, GCS is going to be a contributor in the back half and pest is going to be modestly better. So the sector will be improving in the back half versus the first half.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rose Morbelli with Gabelli & Company.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder LLC: Doug, if my memory serves me right, you have talked during the roadshow about the fact that you believe that your sales force was better than Nalco's and on the other hand, that Nalco's purchasing model was better than yours. Could you give us a better feel as to what the differences are in the purchasing as opposed to just scale? Are they doing something else differently?
Douglas Baker: I guess, Rosemarie, I guess, what I believe I said was on -- I think what I said was corporate accounts. I think Nalco has recently made very smart investments in corporate accounts. But it's a more recent part of Nalco's, if you will, organization construct. We have had a corporate accounts organization for decades. And so, we have just a longer history, we equip our corporate account organizations with finance teams to make sure that they have the right information to go out and drive mix profitability, right? Do the right thing to win contracts, et cetera. So what I was talking about is in that specific area and we're talking about combined team of 300. So just for perspective. In that area, I think both of us see that some of the methodology that we have learned over the years would be advantageous. And I was just trying to say there's also plenty that we will learn and leverage from Nalco, too. So this is not talking about the field sales and service team. I mean their field sales and service team in the water area is the best in the world. So we do not have a field sales and service teams equipped with the breadth that they do across all the geographies to compete with them. So that is a huge asset that we would be gaining. In terms of other opportunities, I said I think they are -- we estimate that they are better industrial supply chain guys. That they've got a better industrial supply chain model that's going to bring us real benefits, and the reason for that is that what they do 100% of the time. What we do is we've got big institutional plants with industrial sections, if you will, as a buildout as part of these facilities. And so you just haven't built it the same way from a process standpoint. So I imagine, some of our industrial volume will be moving to them i.e. F&B, Textile, because they're excellent at bulk and tank type of deliveries, which is really what that business is all about. But we see that we will probably pick up synergies that we haven't calculated yet in that area. That's what I would say.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder LLC: Okay. And that is very helpful. I was wondering about a couple of trends. First of all, on the Textile side, do you see there towards from your hotel customers, for example, going to independent commercial laundries and are you in that particular market? And the other trend would be on pest. Is the issue that you may be overpriced versus your competition and customers do not see necessarily see the benefits you bring?
Douglas Baker: Yes. So first, Textile, there's been a move, I think, over a long period of time to outsource. So those are running on what we call OPLs, On-Premise Laundries. Many continue to do it. We'll do it for long time. But there've been those who have been faced with capital equipment, decision points i.e. their old equipment's shot, maybe to buy new stuff. They will decide instead to outsource. That's what our Textile Care business does. It takes care of the large commercial laundries and Institutional, we have On-Premise laundry capabilities. So we basically -- whatever the trade is, we end up having a fairly significant share on both sides of that business.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder LLC: And on the pest side?
Douglas Baker: Yes, I would just say I mean in short, look if you don't have a business rolling, you either got a product problem, a message problem or a delivery problem. And we run a lot of these businesses. I would say pest has not been shrinking, it's just not growing like it needs to do. So we recognize we're going to have to enhance our product and how we talk about it. And if we don't, we can't expect different results. And that's exactly what we're working on doing.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Roberts with Buckingham Research.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Associations: On Slide 11, where it had the cost synergies at $34 million pretax, and that's about $23 million after-tax, that would be only 15% of the $150 million target. And then on Slide 12, you talk about 23% instead of 15%. Am I doing some math wrong here maybe?
Michael Monahan: John, I'd like to clarify. There's clearly a typo on Slide 12, which I was going to handle at the end of the meeting. It says $150 million after-tax. It's really $150 million pretax which is consistent with all of our communications so far. There's a typo on this slide.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And did you say somewhere earlier instead of 23% that you might get 1/3 in the first year? Or 23% has been the number all along?
Michael Monahan: No. Obviously, this is all early so I clearly didn't say anything like that. However, what we have said is we'll be all over integration planning and work and we'll see and continue to update.
Douglas Baker: Yes. And just to build on that. What we communicated is the $150 million is our commitment right now. We have a clear vision of the $150 million. We believe it is probably on the conservative side, but until we have firm numbers to back up a better number or a different number, which we would expect to be larger, not smaller, $150 million is the number that we want to commit to.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Gulley with Ticonderoga Securities.
Mark Gulley: Hey, Doug. Two kind of higher-level questions, if I may. The first is would you acknowledge that growing 8% per year on a consistent basis for a company of your type, sort of a growth industrial, that's a pretty highly ambitious goal, given the kind of companies that we cover?
Douglas Baker: Yes, I would say we've always had ambitious goals and we typically either met them or come darn close to meeting them. And Mark, when you look at -- we like our markets that we're in today. We think they're attractive long-term growth market. And I think we've proven over time that we can grow in these businesses. I would say when we looked at Nalco's markets, and really dug in, we would say, on average, they are faster growth markets than our market. And so we believe the addition to this is accretive to growth, not dilutive to growth. Plus, we unlock the potential of those markets uniquely to the combination i.e. the Circle the Customer that we talked about i.e. the leverage relationships that we have. And also if you will, kind of clearing this stuff in the way of the Nalco team today, too much debt, right? Or I'll say probably higher G&A costs and we wish we did which we layer on the business, and we get product supply synergies so we're going to get lower cost to goods. All of these things could drive growth, not just bottom line, but top line because they put you in a position to be more competitive. So it's for all those reasons.
Mark Gulley: And my second question is this, Doug, you gave a great recap of the transaction in your prepared remarks after the quarter review. I'm going to ask you to pick one, but just one misconception of this transaction after you and the team have been on the road here for several days.
Douglas Baker: Well, boil it down, I guess there is conversation about -- I think that Nalco's model, the inconsistency people start laying on to that business is overblown. Not that it hasn't been inconsistent to some degree. I even think when you look at what Eric and that team have done, he ran that business in '08 and '09 and '10, which are challenging years. Have significantly upped investments during that period of time to continue to be. So as a result, and I would say leverage, right? Exacerbates those results because it forces it all on a much smaller part of your enterprise value. And so when we look at that and get into the detail, we would say their markets are likely or somewhat more cyclical, but the raw materials aren't. The percentage of raw in total enterprise are about the same as our 24% versus 21%. And the basket arrives, operates or acts differently than ours, but sometimes it goes up at a lower rate, sometimes it goes up at a higher rate. But it is not more volatile. In their fundamental business is the same model as ours. And so the predictability, once you can see transparency inside and outside, we think is going to improve significantly which will modulate greatly the consistency. So we believe -- I'd just think there's a legitimate question there. I just think it is overblown based on what we understand, but really, proof is going to be in the delivery. And we are quite confident that we can run that business collectively together in a way that shows much better consistency than people expect.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Wittmann with Baird.
Andrew Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: I just wanted to dig in a little bit on the Europe Institutional. I think I heard you say that was flat in your prepared remarks. Is that as a result of just the tough operating climate there or is that maybe partially a result of all the changes that you're making?
Douglas Baker: Yes, institutional in Europe increased modestly. I think it was up 1 point. But I would say it's operation conditions in Europe, particularly in Institutional aren't ideal. But that's also a business that I would say we have significantly strengthened the management team. They've been in place less than a year. We're starting to get after and drive results. I would say it's much more market and just building momentum. By and large, our field sales and service teams there or not involved in any significant way around the Renaissance program. But we work very hard to make sure that we protect our sales and service folks from noise.
Andrew Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Makes sense. And then just quickly for Steve, on the incremental $211 million of amortization that you're forecasting right now, in conjunction with the deal, can you just give us a bit of a sense about what that amortization period you looks like, maybe an average life, sharply said to be down 50% in '13? Or can you just give us some idea of how that might flow-through in your outlook?
Steven Fritze: I think the kind of like the overall average is more than 10 years. It's probably like 14 years. The customer list in and of themselves are 15-year life, which really kind of speaks to that recurring nature and the very low turnover of their customer set, which is part of the value of the business, very similar to ours and in that sense to have very strong, deep, long-term customer relationships.
Andrew Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Okay. So then the read into that is a go-forward basis to the deals close, this comment noncash portion to your earnings than there has been historically? Is that a fair characterization?
Steven Fritze: Yes, absolutely. That's why we were trying to speak to cash EPS because next year should be like 20% accretive to Ecolab's cash EPS, which is really all that amortization costs.
Operator: Our next question comes from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc: Doug, Jim, given that the recovery's been choppy so far in this last couple of years, are you adding more salespeople this year? And how does that hiring difference change in light of the proposed Nalco merger?
Douglas Baker: Yes, P.J., we added 200 sales folks in Q2. So we are adding. I would say, I agree with your assessment that the overall economic recovery has been choppy. I would say our overall organic sales growth has been fairly steady. And so we are continuing to make sure that we are making the investments we need to fuel that. What was the impact from Nalco? We really see the combined business, Nalco pre-announced their second quarter. I think their formal calls next week in your pre-announcement today, the fact about second quarter growth of 16%. I think it was 11%, 12%, excluding FX. And this also exclusive I think dispersement from last year, but their business is growing quite rapidly. Our business is also accelerating. We don't expect or see that we're going to have what I would call any huge excess capacity in sales and services. And if we had any, we would not, by any means, plan to reduce it. We would rather just grow into it because of the time and effort it takes to hire and train sales and service people, which is why we've can clearly say we see no synergies in that area. And our combined revenue right now, when you add it double-digit, right? And give you the base of $1 billion a year. You're going to be sucking up any kind of sales and service excess capacity in a very short period of time.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc: One quick question for Steve. Steve, I'm looking for combined topics on the slide of $650 million to $700 million. It seems like almost $150 million higher than each company's CapEx added together? So what's causing that? Is there a need to invest in Nalco assets?
Steven Fritze: Yes. I think P.J., you might be looking at a number that excludes software. So Ecolab in and of itself, including software additions should approach around $400 million, even in the current year. So then another $250 million for Nalco and it's closer to $200 million. It's still about 5%, little bit more 5% of sales. So it's really a number that's very consistent with history. Does that help?
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc: Yes.
Steven Fritze: The capital addition number without software.
Operator: Our final question today comes from Bob [ph] with Broad Arch Capital.
Unknown Analyst - : Just one quick question, when you look at the cash EPS of $3.60 on Slide 12, and then you look at the $150 million pretax now that you've corrected that, how much is in the $3.60 of that $150 million? In other words, if the cash EPS next year is $3.60, $3.70, how much is included. Is any of the $150 million in that number or is not of that in that number?
Steven Fritze: The number on the previous slide, so the $0.08 a share coming from cost synergies and the rest is basically the amortization.
Unknown Analyst - : Then the second question is just a clarification by the end of 2013, we should see all the synergies in the number, is that correct?
Steven Fritze: Yes, and then it'll be $0.34.
Michael Monahan: It there's no further questions, we thank everyone for their participation today. The slides will be up on our website and if you have any other further questions, please give us a call. Otherwise, have a terrific rest of the day. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-26 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Monahan - Vice President of External Relations Douglas Baker - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Mark Gulley - Soleil Securities Group, Inc. Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc. John Hirt Michael Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG Edward Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Andrew Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Unknown Analyst -  Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC
Operator: Welcome to the Ecolab First Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to your speaker, Mr. Michael Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Monahan: Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's first quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman, President and CEO. A copy of our earnings release and the accompanying slides referenced in this teleconference are available in Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statement on Slide 2 stating this teleconference and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Form 10-K under Item 1a Risk Factors in our first quarter earnings release and in Slide 2. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information that is also in the release.  Starting with Slide 3, we delivered a strong gain in the first quarter and sales growth improved in all areas. We leveraged these sales to offset the run up in higher delivered product costs and produce a double-digit increase in our adjusted earnings per share. We are underway with our actions to transform our Europe business to a higher growth and more profitable entity, following implementation of our new systems in that region.  Looking ahead, we expect to continue outperforming our improving markets and show accelerating quarterly earnings gains as better sales growth, pricing, innovation and margin leverage work to deliver double-digit adjusted EPS growth once again in 2011.  Further, we believe these continued improving business trends, along with accelerating benefits from our Europe transformation, will lead to better EPS growth in the years ahead.  Moving to some highlights from the quarter. As shown on Slide 4, and discussed in our press release, reported first quarter earnings per share were flat at $0.40. On an adjusted basis, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items from both years, first quarter 2011 earnings per share increased 10% to $0.45 and were at the top end of our forecasted range. The adjusted earnings per share growth was driven by better volume and pricing from our new products and new accounts, which more than offset higher delivered product and other costs. We enjoyed good sales growth in our U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing, Asia Pacific and Latin America operations.  In the U.S., we benefited from improved momentum across the board, including our Institutional, Kay, Food & Beverage and GCS divisions. Our end markets continued to show steadily improving trends. Asia Pacific and Latin America continue to see good growth across all market segments. Global lodging continues to record solid gains and room demand. Food & Beverage and Healthcare are showing steady progress worldwide, while the U.S. and Europe Foodservice market trends are seeing improvement from prior periods.  We continue to be aggressive, focusing on accelerating our top line growth as we emphasize our innovative product and service strengths to help drive increased market share in our core businesses and deliver new account acquisition among our national, regional and independent prospects. We are also making significant investments in key growth businesses and acquisitions to build future growth. And we are making appropriate price increases to help offset higher delivered product costs.  We remain focused on expanding margins, emphasizing productivity and efficiency improvements to help increase profitability. And we are underway using a range of actions to improve growth and profitability in our Europe business. While still early in our process, we are seeing some preliminary returns and we continue to expect strong margin improvement in 2011 and more significant progress over the next several years.  Looking ahead, we expect adjusted quarterly earnings to show an accelerating pattern through 2011, as pricing, innovation and efficiency improvements, along with favorable currency trends, offset the impact of higher delivered product costs and as our restructuring efforts accelerate. We look for a second quarter adjusted EPS to be in the $0.62 to $0.64 range compared with adjusted EPS of $0.56 in the second quarter of 2010. We expect earnings growth to accelerate in the second half and show 11% to 16% EPS gains. We raised the lower end of our full year forecast and outlook for 2011, adjusted EPS to be in the range of $2.49 to $2.53 per share, showing a 12% to 13% gain over last year. That would represent the ninth year in the last 10 of adjusted double-digit EPS growth.  In summary, we expect 2011 to reflect a strengthening performance by Ecolab as we show accelerating earnings to once again deliver attractive growth in shareholder returns and as we set the stage for improved results in the years ahead.  Ecolab's reported consolidated sales for the first quarter increased 6%. Looking at the components, volume and mix increased 4%, pricing rose 1%, acquisitions were 2% and currency decreased sales by a fractional amount.  Slide 5 includes sales growth by segment and division. Sales for the U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing operations rose 8%. Adjusted for acquisitions, sales rose 6%. Institutional sales improved in the first quarter, growing 3%. Sales initiatives targeting new accounts and effective product and service programs continue to lead our results. Distributor inventories did not impact sales growth in the quarter. Our markets continued to get better with further expansion in lodging and gradual improvement in Foodservice. We will be introducing more new products that deliver improved value and reduce labor, water and energy costs for customers in our warewashing, laundry and housekeeping markets as we continue driving our growth in industry leadership.  We are also making additional investments in our sales and service force and leveraging additional marketing initiatives to drive sales growth. We expect these growth initiatives to deliver improving Institutional sales gains over the balance of the year.  Kay's first quarter sales increased 11%, led by strong growth and new account wins from food retail, along with good gains in quick service. We expect the second quarter to show continued good new account gains in food retail and drive further sales growth for Kay.  Reported sales for Textile Care increased 71%. Adjusted for an acquisition, sales were up 7%. Good customer gains, momentum from new program launches, additional sales within existing customers more than offset soft but improving industry conditions. We expect gradual improvement in textile care industry conditions, combined with our strength in Textile Care business to yield further good sales growth in the second quarter.  Healthcare sales increased 18%. Excluding the acquisition of O.R. Solutions, sales increased 8%. Equipment and patient drapes, hand hygiene, instrument reprocessing and environmental hygiene led the sales gain.  First quarter organic growth benefited from new account gains and the continued innovative efforts as we expand our product portfolio. Recent launches included the OptiPro sanitizer line for central sterile; Virasept, the first non-bleach EPA approved, ready-to-use disinfectant that kills C diff spores and a new hand care dispenser platform. We closed on O.R. Solutions acquisition in early March. We are excited by this terrific addition to our surgical solutions product line, the outstanding sales and service team it brings and the strong growth potential it offers us, both in the U.S. and international markets.  Looking ahead, second quarter sales are expected to show continued good organic and strong reported sales gains for healthcare.  Food & Beverage sales grew 6%. Sales increased in almost all segments, led by corporate account wins, pricing and product penetration. Food & Beverage will continue to focus on new account acquisition, pricing and new product sales to show strong growth in the second quarter.  EcoCare sales increased 4%. The division continues focusing on new products and new accounts. Vehicle Care once again outperformed its markets, offsetting mixed end market conditions, with growth led by in bay and auto dealership volume. We look for Vehicle Care to continue showing year-over-year sales growth in the second quarter. Sales for our U.S. Other Services rose 2% in the first quarter. Pest Elimination sales trends improved as first quarter sales rose slightly. Gains in fast food, retail grocery stores, Healthcare and Food & Beverage plants more than offset slow conditions in other major end markets.  We continue to develop new product and program solutions to better meet our customer needs and differentiate our offerings. For example, we recently launched Guardian Plus to the full-service restaurants. This is a new program that offers increased value to customers by providing expanded service coverage to our core monthly service, as well as more effective and proprietary service protocols that are more sustainable and use nonchemical technologies to improve safety and prevent pests. We have also launched new programs for bedbug treatments in non-hospitality situations where bedbugs have become more prevalent. We expect our new products and programs, along with aggressive selling, to help offset the soft markets and yield sales improvement in 2011.  GCS sales increased 8% in the quarter. Once again, profitability improved significantly over last year. New account wins and appropriate pricing helped to drive the sales gain. GCS profitability also continued to significantly improve as productivity and efficiency gains were realized throughout the business. We remain focused on developing chain account relationships and driving sales through their regional and franchise organizations. We expect GCS to show continued sales growth and profit improvement in the second quarter and for the full year 2011.  Measured in fixed currencies, international sales increased 5%. Europe, Middle East and Africa sales were up 1% in the first quarter at fixed currency rates. Europe's institutional first quarter sales increased modestly. New business gains among regional and local customers leveraged new products that offer customers superior results, cost savings and better efficiency to deliver the increase.  Food & Beverage sales were slightly lower, reflecting reduced beverage consumption. The business continues to focus on corporate accounts, emphasizing the cost savings benefits of our innovative products.  Textile Care sales rose modestly in a continued weak environment. Europe healthcare sales were flat as gains from new accounts and new products were offset by lower distributor orders. Pest Europe reported a solid increase as we continue to improve operations.  Looking ahead, we expect Europe's second quarter of fixed currency sales to show continued modest improvement. We are underway with the work to improve operating efficiency in our Europe operations. While still early in the process, we have started to rightsize our European headquarters and began logistics improvements in France, as well as efforts to outsource selected back office financial transaction work.  Discussions with the works councils are ongoing and have been constructive. Many more actions are underway and will unfold in subsequent periods. We continue to expect these various actions to deliver improved margins in the second half and accelerate in the following years as we work to realize the expected 100 basis point improvement in operating margin.  Asia Pacific sales grew 17% in fixed currencies. Adjusted for acquisitions, sales grew 6%. We estimate the floods in Australia and the New Zealand earthquakes reduced the first quarter sales gain by about 1 percentage point. Institutional sales were strong and occupancy levels improved. Food & Beverage sales showed strong growth. Both the beverage and brewing sectors continued to increase, benefiting from improved product penetration and account gains.  The Cleantec acquisition is doing well. Integration efforts are going smoothly and we remain optimistic regarding Cleantec's capacity to expand our customer base, improve our business position and provide additional services and coverage to our customers.  Looking ahead, Asia Pacific expects continued good sales growth in the second quarter, though there will be perhaps 2 or 3 percentage points of negative impact on Asia Pacific's second quarter growth from the earthquake in Japan.  The first quarter sales for Ecolab's Canadian operations declined 4% at fixed currency rates. Strong growth in pest elimination and quick service were more than offset by the impact of last year's Olympic Games, excess customer H1N1 inventories and soft sales elsewhere. We expect stronger second quarter sales growth.  Latin America reported a strong sales gain, rising 11% in fixed currencies as all divisions in that region grew double digits. Institutional growth was driven by new accounts, increased product penetration and continued success with the global and regional accounts. Food & Beverage sales reflected good demand in the beverage and brewing markets, as well as the benefits of new accounts. And pest elimination sales showed a double-digit gain.  Overall, we expect attractive growth trends to continue in Latin America and they should yield a solid gain in the second quarter.  Turning to margins on the income statement in Slide 6 of our presentation, first quarter gross margins decreased 70 basis points to 49.3%. The decrease primarily reflected the impact of higher delivered product costs, which more than offset the impact of volume and pricing gains. We expect the pricing and cost reduction actions underway will begin to offset the cost impacts in future quarters. SG&A expenses represented 38.3% of sales, 70 basis points below last year. Leverage from the sales gain more than offset cost increases.  Operating income for Ecolabs U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing segment was off 1%, as the rapid run up of delivered product costs in the quarter more than offset volume and pricing. Operating income for U.S. Other Services was up 1%, as pricing and cost savings actions offset higher delivered -- pardon me, higher service delivery and other costs. Margins declined by 30 basis points over last year.  International fixed currency operating income increased 12% versus last year, while margins expanded 40 basis points. Volume and pricing gains, along with improved efficiencies, more than offset higher delivered product costs.  The Corporate segment and tax rate are discussed in the press release. We repurchased 1.5 million shares during the first quarter. The net of this performance is that Ecolab's reported first quarter diluted earnings per share were $0.40 compared with -- $0.40 compared to year ago. When adjusted for special gains and charges and discrete tax items in both years, adjusted earnings increased 10% to $0.45 when compared with $0.41 earned a year ago.  Turning to Slide 7, Ecolab's balance sheet and cash flow remain strong. Total debt to total capital was 35% at March 31, compared with 36% reported a year ago. Our net debt was 31%. The total debt levels reflect the purchase of Cleantec and O.R. Solutions and the $100 million contribution made to the U.S. pension plan in early January. The decline in cash flow from operations reflects the pension contribution.  Looking ahead, we expect continued improvement in all of our global end markets. We are seeing our investments in growth areas deliver with a double-digit growth from emerging markets, our water, energy and waste management business and improved results from healthcare. We have seen increased momentum on the acquisition front, and Europe is ready to deliver improved profit growth.  Turning to the near term, and as detailed in Slide 8, we will continue to take aggressive actions in 2011 to drive both our top and bottom lines, expanding our market share and customer penetration, using differentiated new products and leveraging our investments in emerging markets and growth businesses like healthcare and water, energy and waste management. We will use pricing innovation to benefit margins, and along with favorable currency trends, offset delivered product cost increases.  Further, acquisitions will be a contributor to 2011 earnings growth. With the systems implementation behind us, we are underway with the work to sharpen our Europe business competitiveness, improve efficiency and effectiveness and accelerate growth and profitability. As previously discussed, we expect results from these actions to accelerate in the second half of 2011 and their impact should increase significantly over the next several years.  We now expect to develop more than 100 basis points of operating margin improvement from efficiency gains in Europe in 2011. But we also recognize that increasing raw material costs could impact the net benefit realized to operating income. Based on our current raw materials forecast, we continue to expect to achieve approximately 100 basis points of net margin improvement in Europe in 2011 and will continue to work aggressively to offset the impact of any further raw material increases.  Slide 9 shows our EPS forecast for 2011. Looking at the second quarter 2011, we expect adjusted diluted earnings per share, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items, in the $0.62 to $0.64 range, compared with the adjusted earnings per share of $0.56 earned a year ago.  We raised the lower end of our full year range by $0.02 and now look for full year 2011 earnings per share to increase 12% to 13% to the $2.49 to $2.53 range. We also expect quarterly earnings to show accelerating gains driven by improving sales volume, higher pricing, cost savings in acquisitions and the actions we are taking to improve Europe profits.  In summary, as noted on Slide 10, we delivered on the top end of our forecast range in the first quarter, while offsetting higher delivered product costs and while still investing in our future. We look for the second quarter to show improved growth with accelerating quarterly earnings comparisons the rest of the year. We expect 2011 will represent our ninth year of adjusted double-digit EPS growth of the last 10 years and we expect the investments and actions we are now taking will yield better gains and EPS growth in 2012 and '13. And now, here's Doug Baker with some comments.
Douglas Baker: I want to offer a couple of thoughts and then I will open it up for questions. So our view on this quarter is that we got off to a very solid start for the year. Sales are on track. Last year's new business and new product successes really helped us drive core acceleration, particularly shown in U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing. New initiatives are also accelerating, so we are getting more than 20% growth from our water energy and waste in emerging markets, plus 18% from U.S. healthcare, and thats 8% without acquisition impact.  Our P&L, ROI is also moving our way. Europe initiatives are on track with Q1 margin of 80 basis points versus last year. The battle is really around raw materials, which have become clearly a stiffer headwind than they were the last time we talked to you in February. Though right now, at our forecast rate, they're still substantially below 2008 from a year-on-year impact basis. So like before, we will likely see early margin pressure from the raw materials but we are also quite confident in our ability to recover. First, recover absolute dollars and then start recovering margin in out years as we have done in previous years. In that, we feel good about the business, accelerating top line. We see improving bottom line. Major initiatives are on or ahead of plan. And with that, I'll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Nate Brochmann with William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Just wanted to talk about, or a little bit about, I think it was pretty impressive given the raw material pricing pressure that you did have during the quarter and your ability to offset that. Could you talk a little bit about what you're doing on the efficiency side, as well as the pricing side and how that's being received by customers?
Douglas Baker: Yes, Nate. Doug. I'll take this one. I would say, we take a number of steps to mitigate inflation, particularly when it comes at us at a steeper climb later as it will this year. So we do go after pricing but pricing typically, for us, means that we will work to negate the absolute dollar impact of the raw materials this year. And we are working to do that and believe we can do that. The second thing is really where we see most margin impact historically and including going forward is through innovation. And so we talked last year that we had our second largest innovation pipeline in our history. We have, this year, a pipeline which is 6% larger than last year's. So another very strong innovation pipeline, which we are going to use to help drive trade-ups, if you will, to our customers. We like that best because it's a real value conversation with customers. They get benefit, we get benefit. So we like that in terms of our ability to also solidify relationships as we get forward. From the efficiency standpoint, obviously most of the focus is Europe, its not exclusively in Europe. So if you start seeing headcount productivity continuing to leverage technology and all of the other things that we've been doing over the years, those continue to bear fruit and continue to help us drive sales productivity throughout the globe.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Great. Very helpful. And then just kind of follow-up on Europe, I mean obviously, it sounds like you guys are making good ground in terms of the productivity and the cost reductions there. How's -- I mean it sounds like the top line is a little bit sluggish. Could you talk about a little bit about the trajectory there and what youre kind of seeing beyond, Mike, your general commentary on the end markets?
Douglas Baker: Yes, so Europe, our expectation is that we will have improved growth going forward on the top line. But it's not going to be our headline growth number. But we do expect to have growth going forward. And so that's going to principally come from share gains because the markets in Europe are still pretty soft. I mean they're flattish at best. So our ability to continue to capture share, which we've been doing the last couple of years is really going to determine our ability to accelerate growth. We had a very successful year last year in Europe, obtaining new large chain customers and that's really going to be the primary fuel driving share gain this year.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Great. Thank you very much. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Our next question comes from John McNulty with Crdit Suisse.
John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG: Yes. Just a couple of follow-up questions. On the raw material, from what level of pricing do you need to get through this year in terms of increases to offset the entire raw material headwind?
Douglas Baker: Yes. A little north of 1%.
John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay, so nothing too, too bad for you guys. Also, I believe in the prepared comments, Mike had talked about F&B being weak in Europe and actually being down. Given the stability of that business, why is that down and where do you see that trending over time?
Douglas Baker: Yes. I mean long term, we see the F&B markets to be very favorable. Population's growing around the world, people are shifting diets to protein. So ultimately, that's what's going to drive the market, however you go through temporary issues in those industry segments, particularly beverage and brewery right now is going through a pretty sizable consolidation. You've got the ASB moves, the InBev moves. You also have Pepsi and Coke both buying their bottling operations. And so there's quite a bit of consolidation in both beverage and brewery.
John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay and then just 1 last follow-up. It looks like GCS is actually finally starting to get some traction in terms of growth. Can you give us some clarity as to what percent of your restaurant and food and beverage customers are currently using the GCS platform and kind of where you think that might go over the next couple of years?
Douglas Baker: Yes, I don't have the precise number. It would be small. And it would really be our foodservice customers, food and retail customers and then to a lesser extent, our lodging customers would be the primary tool [ph] to encircle the customer targets. It would be in the less than 10% range. So obviously, that's 1 of the real focused areas as we go and drive GCS but you're right, we see -- as we've said, once we start seeing top line traction, that's the key to driving profitability. Our loss in GCS this quarter, because somebody will ask, was $400,000. I mean, it is making money in periodic months at this point in time. And so, we're really just bouncing around the break-even point.
John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG: Great, thanks for the color.
Operator: Next question comes from Andrew Wittmann of Robert W. Baird.
Andrew Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: I just wanted to dig in a little bit. Given the raws headwind that you're facing, you mentioned a number of things, FX, pricing, efficiency gains that are all kind of offsetting that. Can you just quantify which one of those offsets are going to be larger, maybe in magnitude borderline to quantify which ones are really driving the offset here?
Douglas Baker: Yes. I would say one of -- it's hard to know which one, they all go towards driving a wide margin growth and help deliver that even in the face of rising raw material. But raws at this point in time, we expect, I think we talked about a 10% headwind or $0.10 headwind last call. We expect it to be more in the neighborhood of a $0.20 headwind now for the year. FX has clearly moved our way. FX in terms of ROI impact for the year, under our forecast, is around $0.11 favorable, right, for the year. So it's a material offset, if you will, towards raw material. And we'll give you the standard caveat here. Forecasting FX is a game you know you are never going to get exactly right. But that's our current view of how we think the FX will play out through our P&L statement. And then obviously, pricing we talked about, being in the neighborhood of an equivalent offset to the type of raw material inflation we'll see this year. And the key value driver which gets lost in sole equation is volume, right? Driving increased organic sales growth on our core businesses. That's where we make most of the money.
Andrew Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: So if you feel like you can price the -- if you can get pricing to offset the raw material costs and if FX is a headwind, is there something I'm missing or should the guidance number be moved up a little bit higher?
Douglas Baker: Well, what you've got, a number of things that we don't know. 1, we don't have any guarantees on our FX. We don't have any guarantees that it's only $0.20 on raw materials. That's our best forecast and we think we are more confident from that forecast, frankly, than we do on FX as we go forward. So there are still uncertainties out there. But yes, our plan is to continue to drive the business forward and hopefully be in a position to have good news throughout the year. But right now, this is our forecast.
Andrew Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Okay, and then just a little bit of detail, maybe a little bit more detail on key end markets, hotels and restaurants perhaps. Just talk about the foot traffic there and the levels of demand and increase that you're seeing in those businesses?
Douglas Baker: Yes. I would say they are somewhat improved. The Foodservice business or the Full-service Restaurant business in the U.S. is still forecast to be modestly negative in terms of foot traffic year-on-year. But now, we're talking like less than 1% negative where we've been dealing with 3% declines for almost 3 years in a row. So it is substantially better, if you will, in terms of the environment that we've been having to deal with. Lodging, room demand, is forecasted to be up again this year on top of very strong demand increases last year. So that market's still as favorable. F&B we just touched on. I would say the F&B issues we are dealing with are somewhat transitory. They are negative in terms of this consolidation but it's not fundamental to our ability to drive that business forward long term.
John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG: Great. Ill leave it at that. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Next question comes from Gary Bisbee with Barclays Capital.
Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital: I guess the revenue clearly accelerated nicely in the quarter, even excluding the acquisitions and you seem to indicate that you'd expect further acceleration as we move throughout the year. Now, how much of that is actual momentum you're getting with new customer wins and additional sales over the last few months and how much of that is for comps and other things like that? I know a quarter, but you told us the quarter was better than it actually looked. Is this quarter about how it looked?
Douglas Baker: I'd say this quarter was pretty much as it looked. I think last quarter we knew was better than it certainly looked on paper and we worked to give transparency to that. So we saw, I'd say continued but in line improvement in our underlying sales trends. And what I think you saw was a quarter where you didn't have any real impact from distributor inventories, either positive or negative. And so it was a fairly pure quarter. Going forward, what's going to drive it? I think what you're seeing here, what we also felt but didn't see in the fourth quarter was like the solid results of new account productivity, new innovation pipelines. All of those remain on track. We continue to drive those. The teams are doing a very good job in those areas and that's how we drive our business forward. So when those things are firing, we know as long as the markets are at minimum stable, we will generate some organic sales growth.
Michael Monahan: And Gary, this is Mike. I guess the thing Id add is that is we saw this basically across the board, essentially every country that we had, every region we had essentially was improved over the last quarter. So it's good momentum.
Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital: Okay and just a quick follow-up. Can you review for us -- I don't think I've heard an answer on this in a couple of years, what the actual exposure to raw materials and commodities is? What percent of sales or what percent of cost of goods sold? Then -- and how much of that is contract? And I know in the past, you've said you're not as reliant on spot prices but sort of contracts that rollover once a year or something like that?
Douglas Baker: Well, I mean, I guess the big number is if you look in our P&L, Raws represent about $1.2 billion of spend on a $6 billion P&L. So roughly 20%, which is why the earlier comment what do you need in pricing to offset raw material inflation, you get a little bit of a 5:1 leverage as you go through that, if you're just doing the absolute dollars, which is the advantage of margins, all right, I mean at the end of the day. Wheres our exposure? As we've always said, no one substrate represents a huge percent of that spend. However, if you start looking at it in terms of oil related, right and then, stuff your plastics and the like, there are -- oil related is going to be half of what we buy. And it's going to have some impact on it. It's not direct. It's not a 1:1 but it certainly impacts it because they've got to use energy, right, to create these raw materials so certainly that's a large input cost. And even if it's not oil, oil going up typically drives up other energy sources. So I hope that adds color to it. So we've got real inflation but we believe it's a manageable part because of the nature of our P&L, right, breakdown and part of it is because we can drive value in other ways to customers.
Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from David Ridley-Lane with Merrill Lynch.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Sure, do you have a continued appetite for M&A in 2011?
Douglas Baker: Yes, absolutely. I would say though the historic equation we talk about is 68% organic plus 2 to 3 additional growth points from acquisition and add in some leverage every year and that's how we work to drive 15% EPS. So we see M&A as an important part of the formula every year including this year.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Maybe just 1 more. I know in Kay, it's big game hunters in terms of landing the big clients. Are there other big clients in the pipeline that could further accelerate growth in that division? I know we were topping 20% a few years ago in that division.
Douglas Baker: Yes. I mean Kay is not out of people to sell or ways to grow by any stretch. And so yes, there are a number of large chains both in the quick service segment and the Food Retail segment, which are the primary segments that they focus on in that division.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Operator: Next question comes from Edward Yang with Oppenheimer.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Thank you. On pricing, Doug, you mentioned that in order to offset the raws you need to get a little over 1% pricing. Is that basically your expectation for the year to drive pricing up 1%, and do you think you could get that up more?
Douglas Baker: Yes, Ed, that is our expectation. It's probably in line with history. I would say history is a little south of 1% rounds up and our expectation is there will be a bit of a round down to 1% if you want to put a finer point on it. Can we get more? I would say the thing that the divisions are really focusing on is to make sure that we manage our gross profit line. And so, some are going to use more pricing. Others are going to drive it more through innovation pipeline. And so, our key is making sure that we recover gross profit over a period of time, and divisions will deploy different tactics to get there based on where they sit and what the environment will allow. So I would say we are also going to use innovation in a material way to go recoup the gross margin pressure.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: A lot of companies have been very successful leveraging high raw materials to expand margin and drive pricing above raw material pressures. And when I look at the historical revenue breakout, I only have it going back about 7 years or so. Your pricing has actually exceeded 1% per year, more like 2% to 3% per year, 5 of the last 7 years or so. And I guess going back to the original question, do you feel that with your end markets improving, can you drive price -- is 1% basically a limit without destroying demand or do you think that your customers are more resilient and can shoulder higher price increases?
Douglas Baker: Some of this is the timing as to when we started our pricing activity and when it's going to show up because we went into the year without a lot of pricing momentum moving through the P&L. I guess you've already answered there's -- We don't think 1% is a governor based on our near-term history. However, some of this is a calculation that we make, and part of this candidly is feel for how do we best manage long-term relationship and ultimately, our ability to work with our customers and drive value with our customers, for our customers and through our customers. And so pricing's part of the equation, where are they. And right now, I would say is a lot of people are having great difficulty passing on inflation to consumers. And you see a disconnect between PPI and CPI and a number of our customers are caught in that trap. And so we are working to leverage innovation as a key component because it also provides more absolute benefit to our customers and still enables us to address our margin issues.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Maybe just a final question on margins. Cleaning & Sanitizing really had a banner 2010, at least the first 3 quarters. And then the fourth quarter, you saw the margin drop off. In this current quarter, another year-over-year decline in margin. And you mentioned that again your focus more is preserving the gross dollar profit and look later on to extend those margins again. From a timing perspective, when do you think on a percentage margin basis, Cleaning & Sanitizing will be back to expanding margins?
Douglas Baker: Yes. I'd say in the second half, you'll start seeing us cross the threshold of year-on-year margin. It will take that. So now is it the third quarter or fourth quarter, it's in there. I would -- my guess is it's going to be the fourth quarter for sure. Third quarter, we may be more break even on margin year-on-year.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Okay. Thank you for your time.
Operator: The next question comes from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
John Hirt: This is John Hirt, standing in for P.J. today. With respect to your expectation for a $0.20 raw material headwind for 2011, how much of that did you see in the first quarter and how much is still to come?
Douglas Baker: $0.05 in the first quarter, therefore, $0.15 in the remainder of the year.
John Hirt: Okay. And what raw material cost headwind did you embed into your 2Q EPS guidance?
Douglas Baker: Were at $0.10 -- oh, I'm sorry, for Q2?
John Hirt: Yes.
Douglas Baker: We're getting -- I think it was higher. I think it's in the $0.07 to $0.08 range.
John Hirt: Okay. And can you...
Douglas Baker: A little more -- part of that is based on not absolute spend level but comparison versus a year ago.
John Hirt: Okay. And can you just remind us what percent of your customers have passed your contracts for higher raw material costs?
Douglas Baker: Oh, vast majority now, I would say. That was a very big issue back in 2004 and '05 when we really first saw the beginning of what I'll call this inflation trend. We did not have -- a lot of our contracts at that time did not have annual pricing provisions. I would say virtually all of our contracts. I'm sure there's a couple out there that don't -- virtually all of our contracts have at minimum annual pricing provisions built into them to allow us to reflect raw material costs.
John Hirt: Okay. And then just a follow-up. You mentioned that you expect a 2% to 3% negative impact on sales growth for 2Q in Asia Pacific due to the Japan earthquake. Was there any impact in the first quarter?
Douglas Baker: No. Our international quarters are different. They are one month ahead, if you will. So the international quarter was really November to February. So as a result, the March tsunami had no impact on Japan because it wasn't included. I would also point out that's why we really had no FX impact or material impact on sales in this quarter as well because a lot of that movement was in March.
John Hirt: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Michael Monahan: Hey, John. This is Mike. I just want to add that as we mentioned in that quarter, the first quarter, we did see some impact in Asia Pacific and Latin America from the Australia and New Zealand, which was about 1 point. So that was within the first quarter.
John Hirt: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Your sales growth in the United States was about, in Cleaning & Sanitizing, was about 8% or up about $50 million and your International sales growth was up about $45 million. But your profits in the U.S. were down year-over-year but your International profits were up. So why is it that in the area where you had the faster rate of sales growth, you had a slower rate of profit growth? And why do you have a faster rate of profit growth in the slower sales growth area?
Douglas Baker: That was mostly, Jeff, raw material impacts and where they hit geographically and also in comparison to last year. So clearly, you got a sleeping dollar, the raw materials are hitting the U.S. disproportionately. Last year, I would also say U.S. had disproportional favorability. So you've got kind of a comparison issue going on here. That explains the vast majority of what you're describing.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And you said that your sales would accelerate through the course of the year. Which end markets do you think will be growing faster in the subsequent quarters than grew this quarter?
Douglas Baker: Well, if I answer that in terms of public reporting segments, I would say we would expect about the same sales growth, 7% to 8% in U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing in the forward quarters. We expect to see acceleration in U.S. Other as the quarters progress and the same is true internationally. We expect the International sales, that fixed currency, to grow and obviously, when you add FX, it'll grow even more.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And then lastly, I think in the course of your remarks, you said that you needed about 1% price to offset your raw material headwind. But you got 1% price in the first quarter and it didn't offset the raw material headwind. So don't you need more price? And raw material seems to be going up at a little bit faster rate than you expected. So maybe 2% is what you need?
Douglas Baker: No. We think we need a little north of 1%, as we've said earlier. Not a hard equation. What happened is it's rounding. I mean we're using 1%. I mean pricing in the first quarter was less than 1%, and I would also say you're going against in the first half a substantially different base when you compare raw material prices than you are in the second half. So raw materials rose last year. First quarter, they were at a very low point. They increased a little bit in the second quarter but really increased much more for third and fourth quarter last year. So the base is different. So that also explains why you might need 1% per year but 1% might not work in a quarter.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Next question comes from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Thank you. Doug, can you talk about how retention rates in your U.S. Institutional business vary over time? Has there been any discernible customer attention changes either through the recession or during periods of expansion?
Douglas Baker: Well, I guess, as you would expect, our customer retention rates tend to degrade during downturns. And it's a function of you have a lot more closures. And so that runs through our retention rate calculation as well. So we got more people going out of business. And I would say it's a more dynamic competitive environment. But these are fairly muted moves. I would say the retention rates that we see today are back to our historic norms for what I will call healthy periods. And so the business fundamentals, when you look at it, work very similar to how they would have looked in mid-2000s from a retention standpoint.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay, thanks. And then Mike said that there's been raw materials masking the progress you made in European margin uplift. Can you just give us maybe a couple of concrete examples of some of the bigger things you've done there that have contributed to that margin improvement? Or maybe -- and maybe what's on the horizon as far as a few specific examples?
Douglas Baker: Yes. I'd say 2 things. I'd be happy to give you some more info on what's happening in Europe. What I would say is when we're talking about raw materials potentially pressuring, right, the European margin and our goal of 100 basis points, that's really going forward. There was not significant raw material pressure in Europe in the first quarter, back to the conversation I had earlier due to the time period, which is really that November to February period. With that said, we believe with the forecast we have in our forecast to raw materials, we are still standing behind the 100 basis point forecast for year-on-year margin improvement for that delta. What's happened? We announced this just a couple of months ago. But I would say the team is all over this, highly engaged. I think doing a great job. And so the leadership team, it stood up there and owned this. They are all over it as I mentioned before. This is their plan and already, we've got significant resizing done in Zurich in the headquarters, which is exactly what needed to be done. They have made great headway in developing the shared-service site that is going to be the consolidation point, if you will, for a lot of the work that we are going to shift and move. There's been very good progress with the works councils. Those are, I think we use the word been constructive, and I think the team and the works councils have done a very good job of managing through this in a way that works. And I think everybody feels very good about how that's moved. The French logistics plan, which is pretty core to what we were going to go do in terms of cost and service impact is already in place. We have the warehouses open and running. So that has moved quite quickly and is working quite well. So I think the team's done terrifically and we've had a very clear map of what needs to get done for the balance of the year to not only deliver the 100 basis points that we talk about for 2011 but to set up the 200-plus basis points that we also referred to for 2012 and 2013.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Great, thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Rosemarie Morbelli with Gabelli & Company.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Just following up on Europe. It looks as though you are going to eliminate sites. You probably will shut down some facilities. When you are done and before the growth rate that you are expecting going forward, how much will you have shrunk Europe in order to be profitable?
Douglas Baker: Well, I think, Rosemarie, we -- in the release in February, we talked about a 900-position reduction in Europe. And that's off of a base of about 7,000 to give you perspective on what that means. And so yes, there's going to be -- included in that is significant back office consolidation and some supply chain consolidation. It is not a reduction of any material sort of our field sales and service force.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. And just following up on that. Are you following -- because this is management team number, I don't know, maybe 4, trying to turn around Europe. Are there any changes in what you are going to do there versus what you are doing in North America? I mean in the U.S., really. Are you following the U.S. model, which had been the game plan or have you realized that maybe the U.S. model doesn't work in Europe? Could you help me understand what you are doing differently this time in addition to the consolidation you talked about?
Douglas Baker: Yes. I guess, Rosemarie, I'm not sure this is, I would count this as management team number 4. We've now -- this business, if you want to start at the beginning of the JV to now, has been in existence for 20 years. So certainly in 20 years, you're going to have some rotation of a number of leaders and maybe we are on number 5 over that period. I haven't sat down and counted. But with that said, yes, I don't think it's as simple and nor have we ever described this as overlaying a pure U.S. model in Europe. We don't believe that would be the right plan. We've never had that as our plan. With that said, we are trying to implement what we think are fundamentals that lead to a successful Ecolab model, not only in the United States but throughout Latin America, Asia Pacific and we are quite confident in Europe. And so that would be let's leverage our product supply chain across businesses and in Europe across the continent. We're not the first to have a pan-European supply chain. And frankly, we were hindered from doing so until we got a system in that would enable us to do that, which of course we talked about. It is done and complete. So we're working to leverage that. We have added sales firepower in Europe. We were under gunned there. So we think we have addressed that, and we've seen a notable change in a number of corporate accounts that we've been securing and bringing on in that business as a result of adding heads in that area. But driving back-office efficiency, we don't believe it should be stopped culturally. It makes no sense to have way too many folks doing work that we know to be done in another way. We have got to free up those resources and those dollars to pound back into innovation, pound back into customer experience investments and all the other things that our customers expect, which is the formula that we are going to try to drive. But we will have distinct sales and service teams by country, because you need to. We are going to have customer service by country, because we feel we need to. But where we pay bills and where we handle accounting, we don't believe needs to be customer or country specific nor where we make products or even how we ship products needs to be country specific. So that's the model that we are driving and we feel very good about it. So does the European team.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: That is very helpful. I appreciate it. And on the innovation pipeline, you said that the pipeline has never been as strong as it is today. Could you remind me as to how many new products, however you define them, are currently in place as a percentage of sales and then what you see that percentage getting to a couple of years out?
Douglas Baker: Yes. Right now, so we call that, I mean not uniquely, the vitality index, to measure what percentage of our sales are coming from products and programs introduced in the last 5 years. And our target has been 35%. Were at a little north of 38% right now. I would imagine that we will stay at least at 38% as we move forward as old ones roll off and new ones go on. Obviously, 38% we hope continues to increase as a target because we expect the top line to continue to increase. So the pipelines have to get bigger.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. And lastly, if I may, could you talk a little bit about your latest healthcare acquisition and how you are integrating it?
Douglas Baker: Yes, so the company was O.R. Solutions. And we closed on it finally in early March. So it only had a little over 3 weeks of impact on Q1. This is, if you will, if I simplify it to a razor and razor blade model. The razor blades are fundamentally infection barrier basins and drapes, which fit over the warming devices. And those ultimately are very similar to the types of things that we make via the Microtek acquisition. And so long term, we see supply chain consolidation here, which will make sense and not in a very distant long term when we need to make sure that we understand how to do this properly. And certainly integrating all the back office will be done. From a sales and service standpoint, the plan isn't to integrate that right now. We've got a dedicated and focused team. It's not a huge team and they're out there operating as they have, driving sales of this specific technology and doing a very good job.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Next question comes from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Unknown Analyst - : This is Jeff on for Lawrence. Just a question, how much of the earnings growth in International segment was specifically in Europe rather than the rest of the world? I mean which end markets in particular?
Douglas Baker: Yes. In Europe, I mean Europe represented a sizable key to the improvement. And Germany, from a regional standpoint, Pest Elimination had a very strong quarter year-on-year as well throughout Europe.
Unknown Analyst - : Got you. And just to go back to your pipeline again, which end markets are you targeting the most with the new products?
Douglas Baker: Well, I would say we hold all of our businesses accountable for continuing to drive innovation and to meet the 35%. We have a number of big initiatives in all of our large core businesses. F&B's got a very strong pipeline, Institutional does, Kay as well, Pest Elimination, which should be working on it different also has a number of key and core innovations coming out this year. So we don't really overload on one versus the others because you got a natural governor, which is how much can any 1 sales team take in any 1 year?
Unknown Analyst - : Right. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Mark Gulley with Soleil Securities.
Mark Gulley - Soleil Securities Group, Inc.: Ive got 3 questions if I may. Doug, you were talking about pricing dynamics and the fact that you have the ability to raise prices contractually just once a year. Although that sounds like its an improvement over the past, it still sounds like theres a lot of inertia in the system. Any effort on your part to shorten that to maybe to quarterly, a real purse?
Douglas Baker: Mark, as we talked, I guess over time, we feel -- yes, I understand the question. I mean we've gone through this. I guess our choice is we really sell on the value that we're going to deliver to the customer and it's based on a number of things. We don't want to end up with kind of basket pricing and in a mechanism like that because we don't think it's going to either benefit the customer or us long term. And so when you've made that decision, you've made a decision, right, not to be able to attract exactly raw material input costs or declines as they move through your P&L. And I would say, I think that's worked for us. We've been living in a fairly inflationary or dynamic period in terms of raw materials really since '05. So I think there's a good track record to see that we have been able to recover these. And I think that what we're doing is the right thing for our relationships with our customers and long-term value creation for the business. So that's why we're there.
Mark Gulley - Soleil Securities Group, Inc.: That's helpful. Okay. you talked about innovation being a driver for margin improvements through mix. Can you give us a feel for the kind of price uplift you might get for product B succeeding product A, let's say in warewashing for example. How much more dollars per day or whatever, how you want to think about it, would the new product have over the old product?
Douglas Baker: Well, I will give you a couple of recent examples. Weve talked to Apex. So Apex is often being -- is the trade-up from solid power. And when we do that, Apex is a 20% per pound premium. So it's not inconsequential. I would also point out that Apex represents great value to the customer even with that, if you will, per pound increase, because they get 2 to 3 times that return, if you will, versus the delta in water and energy savings. So that's exactly the type of equation that we want to drive. We're not going to be able to get 20% naked price increases. Right, it's not going to happen. But if you really have innovation to deliver value to the customer, you have the opportunity to have what I would say outsize impact to benefit them and also ourselves.
Mark Gulley - Soleil Securities Group, Inc.: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Thanks for getting to my question. A couple of questions. First of all, you were fairly aggressive it looks like this quarter with the share repurchases and I think you probably are going to start the June quarter around 235 million shares, correct me if I'm wrong. Is the pace of share repurchases going to be at these levels going forward, are you accelerating, decelerating? I mean, what's your use for cash going forward through 2011?
Douglas Baker: Dmitry, so we repurchased 1.5 million shares in the first quarter. Last year, we were somewhere around 7 million shares. So we don't forecast share repurchase. I think if we've talked, it's the natural offset to our M&A goal. So our primary use of cash, if you will, would be M&A first. But that would be smart M&A. And in the absence of being able to utilize cash there, we do not sit on it. We have returned it to the shareholder. We typically have done it for our shareholder.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. So basically, we're looking at this as either growth in revenue and profits through some future M&A forecasts or just taking a share count down, if you don't find M&A?
Douglas Baker: Yes.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Second question on the year-over-year declines in profitability of the North American operations for Cleaning & Sanitizing and Other Services in terms of percentage as a percent of revenue, but also in the case of Cleaning & Sanitizing, just the outright dollar declines. I think you talked about the Cleaning & Sanitizing being an issue with timing of price realization, if I remember correctly, in answer to your earlier question. But is the other services, given that you got flattish volumes and you have actually lower losses from the GCS business, has Pest Elimination gotten that much worse? And is it mostly delivered costs and higher diesel and gasoline costs? Or is there something else going on in the Other Services business?
Douglas Baker: Yes, I mean Pest will see some margin pressure from certainly gasoline prices as they go through. And they've got to lower growth, right? So they're growing at very low single digits and even south of that at times. And so when that happens, it's very hard to recover any kind of inflation at all. So the Pest focus is on sales. And if you get sales moving there, that removes the issues in Pest. In terms of U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing, as we discussed, 1, you're going against the kind of artificially low base, you had the EPCs[ph] just proportionately hitting it there and you had a few other one-timers here and there in that business. So I would say were quite confident that the play that we've seen in the past will play out again in terms of us recovering U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing margins over the coming quarters.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: So you were kind enough to give us kind of your feel that the second half of the year will be the time that you'll see positive comps on year-over-year basis in Cleaning & Sanitizing on the margin side and fourth quarter for sure, maybe in the third quarter. What do you anticipate as far as timing is concerned on the Other Services? Do you expect to be basically comping flat year-over-year in terms of operating margins or do you expect those to ramp up going forward?
Douglas Baker: Yes. I would say the story is pretty much the same, second half.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, thank you very much.
Douglas Baker: More money on the fourth than the third.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Got you.
Operator: Next question comes from Mike Harrison from First Analysis.
Michael Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation: Just 1 quick question. Couple of questions I guess. With 1 quarter under your belt in Healthcare, can you talk in a little bit more detail on your outlook for that business this year in terms of organic sales growth and what's going on with margin? Can we get to double digits this year in terms of the organic growth rate and maybe comment on what kind of customer inroads the O.R. Solutions business brings?
Douglas Baker: Yes. I guess our expectation on Healthcare is that we'll be close to double digit organically, high single digits is probably more in our sight line right now as we look at it. And then obviously, you brought up the acquisition. We'll have acquisition activity on top of that, which will drive substantially higher growth than that in total. O.R. Solutions, it builds further penetration in operating rooms. Right, and that's an important focus for us because it's an important place that you need to control and stop infections. So it's right at the heart of our infection prevention strategy.
Michael Harrison - First Analysis Securities Corporation: All right, thanks very much.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions.
Michael Monahan: Okay. Thanks, everyone. Some final notes before we finish here. As mentioned on the last call, we plan to hold a tour of our booth at the National Restaurant Association show in Chicago on May 23. In addition, we're planning to hold our biannual investor meeting on September 8 in St. Paul. If you have any interest in attending either of these events or if you have any questions about them, please contact me or Nicole. That wraps up our first quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated slides will be available for replay on our website. Thank you, everyone for your time and participation. Our best wishes for the rest of the day to all of you.
Operator: Thank you, and thank you for joining today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-17 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Monahan - Vice President of External Relations Douglas Baker - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: John Hirt Brian Maguire David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG Michael Harrison - First Analysis Edward Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Andrew Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Robert Walker Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC
Operator: Welcome to the Ecolab Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Michael Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Monahan: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's Fourth Quarter Conference Call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman, President and CEO.  A copy of our earnings release and the accompanying slides referenced on this teleconference are available in Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statement on Slide 2 stating this teleconference and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Form 10-K under Item 1a Risk Factors in our fourth quarter earnings release and in Slide 2. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information that is also in the release.  Starting with Slide 3. We delivered solid earnings growth in the fourth quarter despite mixed conditions in our end markets as double-digit earnings gains in our U.S. Services and International segments more than offset what we believe were temporary shifts in U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing. We announced plans for a restructuring of Europe to help accelerate the transformation of that business to a higher growth and more profitable entity following implementation of our new systems in that region. Looking ahead, we expect to continue outperforming our gradually improving markets with accelerating quarterly earnings gains as better sales growth, pricing and innovations and margin leverage work to deliver double-digit adjusted EPS growth, once again, in 2011. Further, we believe these continued improving business trends along with accelerating benefits from our Europe transformation will lead to better EPS growth in the years ahead. Moving to some highlights from the quarter as shown on Slide 4 and discussed in our press release. Reported fourth quarter earnings per share were up 17% to $0.56. On an adjusted basis, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items from both years, fourth quarter 2010 earnings per share increased 9% to $0.60. The adjusted earnings per share growth was driven by better volume from new products, new account gains and cost savings actions, which more than offset higher operating costs and continued investments in our business. Lower taxes and share count also benefited earnings.  We enjoyed continued good growth in Asia Pacific and Latin America. In the U.S., we benefited from improved momentum in our Healthcare, Pest Elimination, GCS and Vehicle Care divisions and saw continued good results from Food & Beverage. Restaurants were better but remained slow in the U.S. and Europe.  Slide 5 clearly shows the divergence and improvement we experienced during 2010 in our end markets as well as the balance they provided. All areas improved from the first half to the second. Our sales to U.S. restaurants rose, outperforming the generally weak industry conditions. Overall, Europe sales also got better during the year, and the rest of our businesses showed good growth throughout 2010. We think these trends will continue and that we will see further improvement in all categories in 2011. We also announced as part of our comprehensive plans to transform our Europe business. We are developing plans for an estimated $150 million restructuring of our European operations. The restructuring is expected to involve the reduction of approximately 900 positions, a significant realignment of our supply chain, including repositioning of our product and warehouse networks, as well as business simplification and a broad number of other actions, to make Europe a more efficient, more competitive and higher-growth business. The restructuring should yield more than $120 million in annual savings when fully completed over the next three years and should accelerate the pace of improvement in Europe sales and profits. Looking to 2011, our end markets are improving. Asia Pacific and Latin America continue to see good growth across all market segments. The global lodging room demand continues to show good gains. Food & Beverage and Healthcare are showing steady progress worldwide, and our U.S. and European foodservice markets remained soft but have shown modest improvement from prior periods. We continue to be aggressive focusing on accelerating our top line growth as we emphasize our innovative product and service strengths to help drive increased market share in our core businesses and delivering new account acquisition among our national, regional and independent prospects. We're also making significant investments in key growth businesses and acquisitions to build future growth. We remained focused on cost savings, emphasizing productivity and efficiency improvements to help increase margins. And we are underway with a range of actions to improve growth and profitability in our Europe business where we expect significant margin improvement in 2011 and for the next several years. Looking ahead, we expect adjusted quarterly earnings to show an accelerating pattern through 2011 as the impact of higher raw materials lessens and as benefits of pricing and our restructuring efforts accelerate. We look for a first quarter adjusted EPS in a $0.42 to $0.45 range compared with adjusted EPS of $0.41 in the first quarter of 2010. First quarter 2011 adjusted earnings will be impacted by the recent run-up in raw material costs as well as $0.01 cost from Europe transformation activities. Adjusted for the Europe transformation expenses, first quarter 2011 earnings per share are expected to increase 5% to 12%.  We look for the remaining 2011 quarters to show increasingly better gains as we expect to achieve yet another year of double-digit EPS growth in 2011. We look for adjusted EPS to be in the range of $2.47 to $2.53 per share, showing an 11% to 13% gain over last year. That would represent the ninth year in the last 10 of adjusted double-digit EPS growth for Ecolab. In summary, we expect 2011 to reflect a strengthening performance by Ecolab as we show accelerating earnings to, once again, deliver attractive growth and show the returns and as we set the stage for improved results in the years ahead.  Ecolab's reported consolidated sales for the fourth quarter increased 1%. Looking at the components, volume and mix increased 2%, pricing was positive but not significant and currency decreased sales by 1%. Acquisitions were negligible. Slide 6 includes sales growth by segment and division. Sales for the U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing operations rose 1%. Adjusted for an acquisition, sales declined 1%. Institutional's underlying sales improved in the fourth quarter, though reported results reflected the impact of distributor inventory changes. Institutional's reported fourth quarter sales declined 2%.  As was discussed in last quarter's call, higher sales to distributors and the new product and program pipeline building that occurred in the third quarter reversed in the fourth quarter and hurt the sales comparison to last year. In addition, we saw a decrease in distributor inventories during the quarter. Nonetheless, total shipments, meaning direct post-distributor shipments to our end-use customers, continued their sequential improvement and outperformed the mixed-market trends, which showed continued decline in full service, restaurant foot traffic and strengthening lodging room demand.  We also saw a good increase in new account sales as we benefited from targeting new accounts with additional and redeployed sales people, in effective programs that deliver improved value and lower total costs for customers. We expect continued progress in the first quarter as these growth drivers enable Institutional to show sales gains in the low single digits and better gains for the balance of the year.  Kay's fourth quarter sales were flat as strong growth from Food Retail was offset by lower orders in the quarter from quick service in comparison to a strong period last year. We expect continued good new account growth in Food Retail along with better quick service sales to drive improved gains in Kay's first quarter. Reported sales for Textile Care increased 72%. Adjusted for the Dober acquisitions, sales were up 5%. Customer gains, new program launches and additional sales within existing customers more than offset continued challenging industry conditions. The Dober acquisition is going well as the added sales and service teams, strong customer relationships and innovative monitoring technology and products add scale and growth to our Textile Care business. While textile industry conditions remain difficult, we look for better sales from our strengthened Textile Care business in the first quarter. Healthcare sales increased 1% over the first quarter 2009. Excluding the H1N1 impact from both periods, sales would have increased by approximately 6%. Gains in equipment drapes, hand hygiene, instrument reprocessing and environmental hygiene continue to more than offset comparison to the prior year's spike in the band due to H1N1 fears. During the fourth quarter, we continued to build on our expanded product portfolio. Our new line of specialty patient drapes for robotic procedures and Virasept, the first non-bleach EPA-approved ready-to-use disinfectant that kills C. diff [Clostridium difficile] spores, are doing well as are the new hand-care dispenser platform and the OptiPro sanitizer line for central sterile. Looking ahead, first quarter sales are expected to show an improved sales gain. Food & Beverage sales grew 4%. Sales increased in almost all segments as corporate account wins and product penetration offset soft results in meat and poultry. Food & Beverage will continue to focus on new account acquisition, pricing and better product penetration to yield better growth in the first quarter.  Vehicle Care sales increased 2%. The division continues focusing on new products and new accounts. Vehicle Care, once again, outperformed its markets, offsetting mixed and market conditions with growth led by in-bay and auto dealership volume. We look for Vehicle Care to continue showing year-over-year sales growth in the first quarter.  Sales for U.S. Other Services rose 2% in the fourth quarter. Pest Elimination sales trends improved slightly, yet sales were flat. Gains in fast food, retail grocery stores, healthcare and food & beverage plants were offset by slow conditions in other major end markets. We continue to develop new products and program solutions to better serve customer needs in the current environment. For example, we launched Guardian Plus, a new program for full service restaurants that provides expanded coverage for the most common pest through an all-inclusive program. We also continue to work on additional new solutions that fit our sustainability profiles and goals. We expect these efforts, along with others, to help offset soft markets and yield sales improvement in 2011. GCS sales increased 6% in the quarter. Once again, profitability improved significantly over last year. New account wins helped drive the sales gain. GCS profitability also continued to improve as productivity and efficiency gains were realized throughout the business. We remained focus on developing chain-account relationships and driving sales through their regional and franchise organizations. We expect GCS to show continued sales growth in the first quarter and for the full year 2011.  Measuring fixed currencies, International sales increased 3%. Europe, Middle East and Africa sales were up 2% in the fourth quarter at fixed currency rates. Europe's Institutional's division fourth quarter sales were flat. Our sales team targeted new business gains with regional local customers. These efforts were leveraged by new products that offer customers superior results, cost savings and better efficiency and helped to offset soft foodservice environment. Food & Beverage sales improved. The business continued to focus on winning new customers by emphasizing cost savings benefits of our leading products, like Inspexx and Water Care. Textile Care sales were off in a continued weak environment while Europe's Healthcare sales benefited from higher shipments of infection prevention products. Pest Europe sales increased as we continue to improve operations. Looking ahead, we expect Europe's first quarter of fixed currency sales to be similar to last year.  Asia Pacific sales grew 6% in fixed currencies as the region shows a continued recovery from last year's low levels of business travel and tourism. Institutional sales were solid as occupancy levels improve and economies recover. Food & Beverage sales showed strong growth, both the beverage and brewing sectors continue to increase benefiting from improved product penetration and account gains. The Cleantec acquisition is doing well. Integration efforts are going smoothly, and we have remained optimistic regarding Cleantec's benefits to expand our customer base, improve our business position and provide additional services and coverage to our customers. Looking ahead, Asia Pacific expects continued good sales growth in the first quarter, though there will be some negative impact on growth from the Australian flooding. Fourth quarter sales for Ecolab's Canadian operations grew 3% at fixed currency rates. Food & Beverage and Pest reported strong growth. Institutional, Vehicle Care and Kay also reported good sales gains. We expect solid sales trends to continue in the first quarter.  Latin America reported strong sales gains rising 9% in fixed currencies as all divisions in that region increased. Institutional growth was driven by new accounts, increased product penetration and continued success with global and regional accounts. Food & Beverage sales reflected good demand in the beverage and brewing markets, as well as the benefits of new accounts. Overall, we expect attractive growth trends to continue in Latin America with another solid gain in the first quarter. Turning to margins on the income statement in Slide 7 of our presentation. Fourth quarter gross margins continued their recovery increasing 20 basis points to 50.3%. The increase benefited from volume gains and cost-savings actions, which more than offset unfavorable business mix. SG&A expenses represented 36.8% of sales, 10 basis points below last year. Leverage from sales gains and cost-savings actions more than offset continued investments in our business, people and systems and other cost increases.  Operating income for Ecolab's U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing segment decreased 10%. The decrease is primarily driven by inventory changes that negatively impact the Institutional business, a less profitable mix of business in the quarter, higher delivered product costs and a write-down of a customer receivable.  Operating income for U.S. Other Services grew 17%. Margins expanded by 220 basis points over last year driven by pricing and cost savings actions.  International fixed currency operating income increased 13% versus last year while margins expanded 90 basis points. Volume gains, favorable delivered product costs, favorable customer rebate adjustments and cost savings and efficiency efforts more than offset higher costs from Europe's systems and pensions.  Corporate segment and tax rate are discussed in the press release. No shares were repurchased during the fourth quarter. The [indiscernible] performance that Ecolab's reported fourth quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.56 compared with $0.48 reported a year ago. While adjusted for special gains and charges and discrete tax items in both years, adjusted earnings increased 9% to $0.60 when compared with $0.55 earned a year earlier. Turning to Slide 8. Ecolab's balance sheet and cash flow remained strong. Total debt-to-total capital was 28% at December 31 compared with 33% reported year ago. Our net debt was 20%. Cash was $242 million, higher than normal for us. The lower debt levels and higher cash at year end reflect anticipation of the purchase of Cleantec and O.R. Solutions, a $100 million contribution to the U.S. pension plan in early January and the retirement of $150 million of maturing debt in February. Our current total debt-to-total capital is approximately 34% with a net debt of about 32%. That's a review of 2010's fourth quarter. With the year now reported, we thought it would be worthwhile to look at a longer-term perspective on Ecolab's performance as shown on Slide 9. While we have gone through a pretty turbulent period over the last five years, Ecolab has performed well, showing good sales gains, 13% compound earnings growth and 500-basis point improvement in our return on capital. It's a performance we're quite proud of given that rough environment, but it's also a record we're determined to improve upon. And we believe we will. We are well-positioned for the next five years.  As shown on Slide 10, we expect continued recovery in all of our global end markets. We are seeing our investments in growth areas deliver with double-digit growth from emerging markets in water, energy and waste management. And after an unusual year, Healthcare should be back on a strong growth track. We have seen increased momentum in the acquisition front, and Europe is ready to deliver improved growth. A key part of our growth plans for the next several years will be Europe. As mentioned in our opening comments and included on Slide 11, following the implementation of our systems in Europe, we're developing plans for the transformation of our European operations. This plan is designed to sharpen our Europe business competitiveness, improve efficiency and effectiveness and accelerate growth and profitability. As part of this larger plan, we will undertake a restructuring to accelerate the benefits of these actions. These activities will likely include those highlighted on Slide 12 and will leverage the many opportunities across our supply chain, G&A and within our divisions. We will be working jointly with our various Works Councils in Europe to develop these plans. Expected results from the restructuring and our other actions are summarized on Slide 13 and should begin to show up in the second half of 2011 and increase over the next several years to more than $120 million in annualized savings when completed. Net, we expect the restructuring will accelerate our Europe margin improvement, increasing operating income margins by approximately 100 basis points in 2011 and more than double that in each of 2012 and '13. Turning to our plans for 2011, and as detailed in Slide 14, we will continue to take aggressive actions to drive both our top and bottom lines, expanding market share and customer penetration using differentiated new products and leveraging our investments in our emerging markets and growth businesses like healthcare and water, energy and waste management. We will use targeted pricing and innovation to benefit margins and offset raw material cost increases. Further, acquisitions will be a contributor to 2011 earnings growth. But clearly, this will also be a year where we expect to see margin development from Europe as a significant driver for Ecolab earnings. Slide 15 shows an EPS bridge for the first quarter and the full year 2011 that details our outlook. We expect much stronger top line growth in 2011, and we see it improving throughout the year. Delivered product costs is expected to be a headwind in 2011, though with a lessening comparative impact in the second half. We will also continue to make substantially higher investments for future growth, including sales and service headcount, customer and field technology and new products and program development, significantly ramping up these investments through the year. We will see costs in the first quarter from our actions to transform Europe, as well as from acquisitions, to be split to EPS positives as we move to the second half. Looking at the first quarter 2011, we expect the adjusted diluted earnings per share, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items, in the $0.42 to $0.45 range compared with adjusted earnings per share of $0.41 earned a year ago. However, excluding the transformation costs impact, first quarter EPS should show solid gain of 5% to 12% despite the raw material impacts and our growth investments. We look for full year 2011 earnings per share to increase 11% to 13% to the $2.47 to $2.53 range as quarterly earnings show accelerating gains driven by improving sales volume, higher pricing, cost savings, acquisitions and the actions we are taking to improve Europe profits. In summary, as noted on Slide 16, we delivered on our forecast in the fourth quarter while still investing in our future. We look for the first quarter to show a good operating profit growth for the following quarterly earnings comparisons accelerating through year. We expect 2011 to outperform mixed, though improving, end markets and deliver double-digit EPS growth, representing our ninth year of adjusted EPS growth of the last 10 years. And we expect the investments and actions we are taking now will yield better sales and EPS growth in 2012 and '13.  And now, here's Doug Baker with some closing comments.
Douglas Baker: Thank you, Mike. Look, I want to do a couple of things. One, Mike has run through our fourth quarter and outlook, I want to take a moment to share my thoughts about the year completed, 2010 and, importantly, 2011 and also the actions that were taken in Europe.  First, we completed what we regard as another successful year in 2010. And while it wasn't perfect, the fundamentals, I'd say, most importantly improved throughout the year and leave us with very solid momentum moving into 2011. There are a number of highlights in 2010. We had an excellent new innovation portfolio launched. We had great success selling large corporate accounts in our Institutional, Kay, Food Retail and F&B businesses. We continued very good progress in our growth initiatives. Emerging markets performed very well. Our water, energy and waste business continued to gain traction and also had very good results, and our Healthcare business is moving from the H1N1 shadow and now puts that behind them as it enters 2011.  Also, our core businesses had very solid performances, too. Institutional finished the year with a record number of food service and hospitality accounts, i.e. it continued to add new customers in an environment where accounts were being taken away. They also built solid underlying momentum. F&B had an excellent year, very strong results and entered 2011 with very strong momentum. Kay building international momentum, and the FRS [Food Retail Service] business continues to perform exceptionally. And importantly, Europe transitioned from systems implementation to leverage, which obviously we talked about in our earnings release and we'll talk more about today. So you saw in Europe that we saw daylight in leverage in Q4, which is what we forecasted first half of last year. And so for the first time, Q4 operating income margin was ahead of previous years. And obviously, we expect that to accelerate not only in 2011, but in '12 and '13, as Mike just talked about. So we see big improvements ahead.  So to 2011, I would really point to -- there's a few key points. We think we entered the year with strong momentum. We've got recovery markets. The growth investments that we've been making are paying off. Emerging markets are doing quite well. Healthcare, as I mentioned, is moving away from the H1N1 shadow, and our water, energy and waste business is doing very well. We have M&A momentum. We closed on a number of businesses, and the Europe systems are in place and now in a position to be leveraged. So we're quite excited about that, not only for what it means for 2011 but what it means for 2012 and beyond. So we like where we are. We still have a huge sales opportunity. We've got significant leverage opportunities. We've got a great track record of performance, and we plan to maintain it moving forward. So as Mike says, we're very proud of the last five years and looking forward to even better five years moving forward.  So with that, I'll turn it back to Mike for Q&A.
Michael Monahan: Thanks, Doug. Some final notes, our updated Fact's Book will be online next week at ecolab.com/publications. It is updated in thorough descriptions of our businesses and is helpful in providing deeper understanding of our company. Also, we plan to hold a tour of our booth at the National Restaurant Association show in Chicago, May 23, with more details as we get closer.  So that concludes our formal remarks. Operator, please begin the Q&A period.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Nate Brochmann of William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Doug, I wanted to dig in a little bit more on the raw material side. Obviously, across the globe, we're seeing raws kind of going up. Can you kind of remind us in terms of the impact that, that has in terms of the cost that you pay as well as how long it takes you to adjust your pricing to recoup those?
Douglas Baker: Yes, Nate, well, we laid out in one of the charts that we just put online that we expect raw materials to have a negative impact of $0.10 for the year. It's very much weighted in the first quarter, precisely for the reasons you laid out. It does take us some time to go recover, if you will. I know we have very fast moves in the raw material markets. It's exactly what we saw in '05, '06, '07, but I would also point out that we overcame the raw material inflation during that period. It was much more significant, if you will, as a percentage of our total raw material bill back in those years. So it takes several quarters for us to overcome this. I would say our expectation is you'll start seeing daylight again on our operational income margins beginning in Q2.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: And then if we could talk about the European restructuring a little bit. It seems like if we kind of get through the noise a little bit, we're certainly seeing that margin expansion, as you highlighted, to start see daylight there in the fourth quarter. Could you talk a little bit in terms of the decision to do this additional restructuring? It sounds like this is kind of above and beyond a lot of things that we've already done and are just nice add-it-on features in terms of really positioning the business well. If you could just kind of share your thoughts a little more specifically on that?
Douglas Baker: I guess I would position it this way, Nate, the restructure is a way for us to get to the endpoint that we've foreseen the whole time. I mean, even when we contemplated the investment in EBS [Ecolab Business Solutions] systems. And it's important for two reasons, we believe. One, it's much, much better way of doing this from an organizational impact basis, which means you got to move quickly and make sure that the organization understands what the new structure is and how do you get them from point A to point B as fast as possible, because frankly it minimizes disruption. So we believe it's the right thing to do from a business operation standpoint. It also adds obvious financial benefits, and that it accelerates or brings forward the ultimate benefits that we talked about all along, which is we've always believed this business to be a 13%- to 14%-type business, which means you've got a delta if you take the ending point last year of roughly 1,000 points. We have talked about a pacing of 100 basis points a year. We still believe that's the right number for this year. But what this restructuring enables us to do is more than double that in '12 and '13 and likely beyond that.
Operator: Our next question is from Gary Bisbee of Barclays Capital.
Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital: I guess I'll just add on about that. How much of the Europe restructuring effort is really a result of the European implementation. It sounded like some of it was if you're more efficient now, you don't need as many heads and that type of thing, is a lot of it coming out of that or is a lot of it sort of incremental? And I guess the secondary question on that, how long has this been in the planning stage?
Douglas Baker: Well, I would say the simple answer is, I don't know if you can lay this on any one point. I would say we have been discussing and moving forward on plans to improve our profitability in Europe for a number of years. We identified several years ago that we had two principal challenges. One was a structural issue in Europe and the other was a weak systems environment. They somewhat worked hand-in-hand. In fact, with weak systems you almost always get too much structure. And so we wouldn't be able to do exactly what we're doing without the new systems, but there are a number of moves we're doing to improve profitability that are outside of, if you will, or unrelated to the systems move as well. How long have we been contemplating this? I would say probably as long, in some sense, as weve owned the business. We wanted to understand how you do this, improve the business and, most importantly, improve our ability to compete in that market effectively. So we want better customer service. We want better service at the customers' end unit. And we want more efficient back offices, so that we don't waste any money, if you will, not creating value for our customers. And that's not the position we've been at. So we believe, ultimately, this restructure is the smart the way to do it. It's a huge financial payoff. It makes a lot of sense financially. And as I mentioned earlier to Nate's question, it's also the best way to do this from a organizational and a business standpoint.
Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital: And then I guess the follow-up question, can you size it all, how much you think the distributor inventory drawdown impacted the U.S. Institutional business revenue?
Douglas Baker: Yes, you know it was in the neighborhood of $5 million or so in the fourth quarter. Here's what I would say, our fourth quarter, I will probably not give you the politically correct answer, our fourth quarter wasn't a great quarter but it certainly was better than it shows up in public reporting. So you've got -- really if you look at the underlying growth rate organically when we ferret out all of the noise was probably in the 3% range. Importantly, we believe it's accelerating. We expect to do better than that moving into Q1.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Wittmann of Baird.
Andrew Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: I guess I want to follow-up a little bit on that last question, digging in Institutional a little bit more. You mentioned the unfavorable business mix. Can you just give a little bit more detail about exactly what that was and your expectation for that here heading into 2011 if that trend could continue, if those pricing environments are the same now as they were a few months ago?
Douglas Baker: Yes. The business mix conversation was about total U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing. With that said, big portion of that did happen to occur in Institutional. And it's a natural outcome of distributor inventory reductions, because, often, what we have in distributors is principally foodservice goods and foodservice solids that are high margin. So when you have a reduction of both sales, you have some natural reduction of GP [gross profit] for that period. I guess what I would focus on, on Institutional and, broadly, is our U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing operating income margin to improve for the year, and we expect it to improve again next year. And so we don't think we have anything fundamental here. We did have some oddities in the quarter.
Andrew Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Kind of a similar question, I guess, on Kay. That business had been growing mid, high single digits kind of sequentially. A bit of a step back here this quarter, flattish. Just wondering what you attribute that to. Is that slowdown maybe internationally, same customers using less? Any color there would be appreciated.
Douglas Baker: Yes, the number you're looking at is a U.S. number. And as I described Kay before, Kay is an elephant-hunting business. And so it doesn't move on steady lines, and so what you're doing is annualizing, if you will, to get some very large wins year ago. And as they continue to succeed with change, you will see that business start moving up. Their International business is accelerating, right, and is double-digit plus. And honestly, I think we've got significant upside there that we haven't capitalized on yet either.
Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital: Just on the M&A. I think I caught there quickly that you said there was some elements of M&A that was already included in 2011 guidance. I was wondering if that's quantifiable to see how much of the guidance number is attributable to that?
Douglas Baker: Yes, from a sales standpoint, we expect to see roughly two points of sales growth that's going to be attributable to M&A already discussed and announced to the market. Roughly, we estimate that to deliver about $0.03 positive from an EPS standpoint.
Operator: Our next question is from Edward Yang of Oppenheimer.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Just circling back on this change in distributor inventory. What's creating the volatility there? And the last time you faced this issue was due to your own actions in terms of incentives. But what led to some of this sales volatility this time around?
Douglas Baker: Yes, I would just say I think it's simple as you're going into a year-end, for distributors, too. And they're quite sensitive to their inventory positions. It's important part of their financial metrics. They manage it. They clearly have been managing the inventories much more tightly over the last three years and maybe prior to that. So we've seen, if you will, significant step-down in inventories in distributors over the last three years. I'd say until you see a substantial market improvement in sales momentum, we don't expect to see a big change in that. But ultimately, distributor inventory is a reflection of how lean they can operate given the systems' effectiveness and what underlying demand is. Demand is starting to pick up, but unfortunately it's been offset somewhat by their ability to manage the systems upgrade.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: And, Doug, I think I might have asked you this in a prior call as well, but outside of Healthcare, I didn't really think that you had much inventory at the distributors or maybe customer inventory, and maybe that's a separate issue. Is that still the case? And do you still expect your distributors to try to run leaner? And will there be any further impacts from their efforts to reduce working capital?
Douglas Baker: Yes. This wouldn't be a conversation for total 2010, the conversation, because we're focusing on a 13-week period. I don't expect there to be material changes in inventory moving forward. They've brought it down substantially over the last three years. We don't believe there is a lot of room for that to move further. Regarding the first part of your question, there is not much inventory in customers. But there is inventory in the distributor channels. And even in Institutional, a sizable number of our accounts are shipped via distributors even though on all cases, we have the direct service relationship. So what we're talking about is the distributor inventories not the end-use customer inventories.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Did I detect a change in tone regarding your pricing strategy? Because your answer to the question on raw materials and the impact of most of that, hence, an impact on the first quarter, and you had mentioned you expect pricing to catch up. I think in prior calls you said that Ecolab will never really price towards rigging pricing with raw materials. Given the extraordinary environment we are seeing for raw materials, are you softening that stance somewhat?
Douglas Baker: No, there has been no change in our pricing policy. We like pricing when we can get it. So we try to manage it in a way that works for our customers and our markets. And as a result, we don't intend to pass on immediate large spikes to our customers. We've taken more measured approach. And as a result, when we see spikes in raw materials, like we've just seen, it takes us a while to catch up because of the way we do approach pricing, which is a more measured approach. It's been quite effective in the past, and we believe that's exactly the right strategy to play again.
Operator: Our next question is from John McNulty of Credit Suisse.
John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG: It certainly sounds like you're expecting the growth to start accelerating in 2011 on the top line. And I guess I'm wondering what's giving you the confidence that you're going to actually see that, because it doesn't seem like your end markets are showing kind of any hockey stick-type improvements?
Douglas Baker: Yes, John. Well, I agree that we do not see any hockey stick-type improvements in our end markets, what we've seen is probably, in 2010, in some market, it's a steady improvement, in others, a bottoming, if you will, from that standpoint. And we see further improvement in 2011 but by no means rapid improvement or hockey stick-type effects. What gives us confidence in the sales is, one, we believe we've got a very good handle on our underlying, if you will, consumption patterns in customers. We understand clearly what inventory situations are, and we also know what we accomplished last year in terms of innovation or new product pipelines, which have been launched and are out what we accomplished in terms of new business successes, particularly the corporate account arena. And so when we start putting that equation together and also watching business trends, we feel fairly confident that our business, from a top line standpoint, will perform better in '11 than it did in 2010, not just year-on-year record, i.e. one-front war, but, in fact, accelerating trends.
John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG: Question on the longer-term. It looks like if we kind of assume that you get back to your normal historical growth rates, call it, 6%, 7%, 8% on the top line and you get this 200 basis points of margin improvement in Europe, all is being equal, nothing else is getting better in terms of margins, you do kind of 15% or better depending on a 6% or 7% or 8% top line in terms of earnings growth, so I guess how should we think about the growth kind of over the longer term for Ecolab? Because it seems like it may be coming in, or if you're successful on the European side, it may come in better than what you've done historically.
Douglas Baker: Yes, I guess I would say two things. Even if you look at the last period, the last five years, we were in the 16% EPS delivery for the first couple of years of that period until we ran into 2008, which was still double digits, right. '09 was 7%, and we're back in double digits again and, we believe, accelerating. So I guess we opened this thing -- we expect this five-year period to be more successful than last five year. I can give you all the forward-looking caveats, I'm not predicting another financial crisis equal to the last one, right. And we're not expecting monster raw increases, like $140 oil, here in the next three months or anything like that, but I don't think anybody else is. So what we always aim for is to outperform our objectives, and our objective is 15% EPS. And we continue to try to work to lay the ground and make sure we have the initiatives in place to achieve that. What we can never predict fully is what the world's going to throw at us. But our hope is, yes, that we do overachieve 15%, but we're not in the forecasting mode beyond 2011.
John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG: I believe you're targeting like $0.01 of, essentially, a charge tied into Europe in your first quarter numbers, the guidance that you gave. What are you targeting for the full year? What's in that $2.47 to $2.53 target?
Michael Monahan: John, this is Mike. We show on the table that there's about $0.01 of transformation costs from the first quarter. And that for the year, net, we think that it'll be a net $0.02 positive. So that's netting the benefits against the transformation activity costs.
Operator: Our next question is from David Ridley-Lane from Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Since EMEA is around 2/3 of International, can we translate your comments that EMEA margins will be up about 100 basis points in 2011 to roughly that the International segment will be up, say, 60 or 70 basis points?
Douglas Baker: Yes.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then do you have the GCS contribution in the quarter? And maybe you could talk about expectations for that division profitability in 2011?
Douglas Baker: Yes, we'll look up the exact...
Michael Monahan: For the year, David, it's basically cut its loss in half again. And for the quarter, GCS loss was just a little over $1 million.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Do you think that 2011 could be a year of profitability for GCS?
Douglas Baker: Look, I think I have a good track record of forecasting broadly. I'm not sure it's extended yet to GCS. So what I would say is that where we are down to, as we said, GCS is one-front war sales. And GCS sales, as you see in our recent reporting, has improved and was 6% in Q4. If we are successful at continuing that trend, which we plan to be, we are going to ultimately start crossing the threshold and making money in that business. And of course, our hope is, sooner versus later. I will say this, it will be accretive again in 2011, that we're quite confident. Our hope is that we get it over the profit line, but I am going to go and stop short of predicting it.
Operator: Our next question is from Laurence Alexander of Jefferies.
Robert Walker: This is Rob Walker on for Laurence. If you can help quantify the impact of the receivable write-off in the quarter? And then on the raws, you mentioned the $0.10 hit in raws that will be in 2011, largely, in Q1. Did you mention the hit in Q4? And can the $0.10 hit in 2011 potentially reverse by the back half of the year? And not to squeeze another one in there, but with the higher raw materials, is it becoming more urgent to try to restructure and shorten your supply chain? And could you talk about your ability to do that?
Douglas Baker: Well, the receivable was roughly $5 million yet in Q4. Oh well, yet. So that's that. Regarding direct product costs, fourth quarter, they were flat around the world, flattish, but they show up differently in different businesses in different regions of the world. But they were probably net positive in Asia Pacific and some of the others. U.S., they were unfavorable, alright. So if you look at U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing there was an impact of probably in the neighborhood $4 million, $5 million for raw materials, offset by other regions. The second thing, in terms of raw materials next year, we expect them to be $0.10 negative. We are forecasting markets that are pretty dynamic. We are out moving on pricing and others And typically our product supply system moves. We don't try to react to market moves. We try to react to what's the best way to set up the supply chain for long-term optimal performance from customer service and cost standpoint. It's very hard. You got 60-plus plants and 100-plus warehouses. You don't go rearrange that because polyethylene is moving up.
Robert Walker: And can that $0.10 potentially reverse in the back half of the year of 2012?
Douglas Baker: Well, potentially, I think, sure. But my guess, long term in our assumption, broadly this helps us but not when we buy raw material. Look, I think water is going to be a more important commodity for our customers and for anybody operating in the world, including humans who drink it. And energy costs are going to be under pressure and going up, not down. And energy is a big component in many of the raws we buy. So yes, we suspect there's going to be ongoing inflation in our raw material by moving forward. It can move around year-to-year but that's our assumption. And we would be delighted to be proven wrong on the raw material inflation part of that scenario for us.
Robert Walker: Then there's a question or two, if I can, on cash and pension. On pension, the $100 million contribution you mentioned, do you expect the benefits of that to be largely offset by lower discount rates? And if you could expect the tailwind, how much do you expect? And what are your expectations for pension funding in 2011? And I'm not sure if I caught your expectations for CapEx in 2011, if you could roughly break that out, kind of roughly by region?
Douglas Baker: In terms of pension, -- yes, I mean, it's going to be a $10 million benefit this year. In terms of stuff we've done and part of it clearly is $100 million, right, contribution as we go in. CapEx, I'm not sure what the question was on CapEx?
Robert Walker: Did you mention what your CapEx expectations are for 2011? And if we can roughly...
Michael Monahan: [indiscernible] for CapEx.
Douglas Baker: For model standpoint, we basically said, use kind of a consistent standard, you're going to be safe.
Operator: Our next question is from David Begleiter of Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG: Doug, just in your -- can you comment a little bit on just the Q1 sales expectation being flat? And longer term, given the transformation, what is potential for Europe top line sales? And do you need to make anymore changes in the sales force, in terms of structure, to drive that top line growth?
Douglas Baker: Yes. I would say throughout 2010, we saw nominal improvement in our European sales volume as we went throughout the year, and we expect to have growth in Europe next year. But I won't quibble with low [ph] because these are small single-digit numbers and, ultimately, we need to get Europe up into the mid single-digit numbers. And so certainly, continuing that, if you will resort to them in corporate account side, which we've done aggressively the last few years, it has benefited us significantly as underlying markets there improve. When we get much more connectivity between management and the field, we believe we'll able to operate there as effectively as we do in the other regions. So certainly, that is the key part of the plan. Meaning, you will see benefits from the restructure announcement we had almost regardless of what the sales are. However, it is much more leveraged with sales growth than without, so sales is the key component of the plan.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG: And when would you expect to gain share in Europe, Doug? Over what period of time?
Douglas Baker: Well, I would say, I'm pretty confident we have been gaining share in Europe over the last few years. It's hard to describe. I mean, the underlying markets, particularly in Foodservice, both in Europe and U.S., have been really lousy. And we have been holding our own and outperforming all of our publicly reported competitors in those markets. So we're pretty confident that we are gaining share.
Operator: Our next question is from Bob Koort of Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire: It's Brian Maguire on for Bob today. Just a couple of questions on the European restructuring. Just wanted to clarify, is the $120 million of cost savings included the wind down of ERP [Enterprise Resource Planning] spending or implementation costs?
Douglas Baker: No. That would not be included in this. So that is, if you will, an additional benefit. I mean, certainly, there was impact when you go through one of these ERP implementations, you have extra costs. That's a piece of the 100 basis points this year. Because I would say, the real benefits from the restructure activity we're talking about are certainly much more in the 2012 and '13. We've laid out what they are this year, but they're pretty minimal this year. A lot of the work this year, but the benefits accrue in '12 and '13.
Brian Maguire: And then on that note, do you kind of have an idea of what the run rate for savings would be at the end of 2011 and in 2012? And what would it be in 2013 when we hit the $420 million mark?
Douglas Baker: We haven't exactly said, but I think if you do the math of our publicly announced 100, 200 plus, you start getting that the expectation that we are going to be very close to there by that time period.
Brian Maguire: And then one last thing on Europe. Are you worried about any drop in service levels as the result of the restructuring? And what give you confidence that you can kind of maintain the high standard you guys have set to yourselves?
Douglas Baker: Yes, I would say, one, it's always a concern and it's on the front of our planning objective. It's to make sure it doesn't happen. I would say, this part of the Europe transformation effort has less impact than the EBS implementation or the ERP implementation simply because there, you're ripping apart, if you will, your whole central nervous system of the business. And we worked hard to mitigate service problems there. We had some. They've been corrected. They're behind us. And we don't anticipate having nearly the same service impact as were a result of this part of the transformation that we did with the last part.
Brian Maguire: And do you anticipate the restructuring in Europe to have any impact on your timing of acquisitions or acquisition pipeline over there? Is there anything inherent about it that would keep you from doing a deal until you guys at back office align what you'd like it to be?
Douglas Baker: I would say, it's fair that there would be certainly some deals that we may pass on if we don't feel they're going to have huge strategic advantage for us long term, that we would not want to hinder our ability to execute here for what I would call kind of a tactical nominal acquisition play. If something's fundamental and very important came along that we felt was key to long-term success, we would move ahead.
Operator: Our next question is from Dmitry Silversteyn of Longbow Research.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: If I may recollect the discussion of European margin improvement projections, when you were going through the ERP installation, was that, once the ERP runs live, which I think took place in April of 2010, is going to take you a couple of quarters to get rid of the redundant systems, and I think it was about 400 people or some like that and margins there are going to improve about three points as a result of that. Has that taken place? Or any of that still part of your margin improvements guidance with this new restructuring program?
Douglas Baker: Dmitry, I guess what I -- we said fairly consistently all along is that the ERP implementation was key to enabling us to get as many as the fundamental things that we needed to do because you have to be able to, right, do the accounting, do the back-office work, et cetera. And the old structure was going to prevent us from doing some of the things we needed do to manage the business. By itself, the ERP system brings zero savings, right. So all the work that you do after the system to leverage it and the other opportunities around Europe unrelated to that system, which are also wonderful. We talked during that time that the expectation, full system implementation, would be 100 basis points a year. We said that you would start seeing some of the benefit in fourth quarter 2010, which we did, roughly 60 basis points. What we're saying now is that the pace has changed, the target is still the same, roughly 1,000 basis points, but the pace of change is going to be significantly accelerated as a result of this restructure. And instead of 100 basis points a year, you will see 2x that plus beginning of 2012 and certainly for 2013, and probably for '14 depending on how much we get done in '12 and '13. So that's the best way I can describe it. I'd say it's quite consistent if you go back to the conversations we've had about this. If anything, we do believe this is a benefit because we are bringing forward the financial benefits of these initiatives.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: So would it be fair to say that this restructuring program and the reason that it wasn't done previously is it was basically empowered by the ERP system and the visibility that it gave you into your own operations and gave you the confidence to restructure and reduce your, I guess, scale or footprints in the region as much as you have with this restructuring program?
Douglas Baker: Yes. I wouldn't pin it all on it. Absolutely. What I would say is we needed a new ERP system to give us the flexibility we needed to design the business around the customer needs. And without the ERP changes, right, it would have been I guess possible but very problematic and difficult.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: When you talked about the distributor inventory drawdown impact of $5 million in an answer to a previous question, was that a revenue impact or was that a profit impact?
Michael Monahan: Revenue.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: When you talk about improving European margins by a point, and then you said it would -- roughly, what you agreed with the statement that roughly translate it into a 60-basis-point improvement for the division overall, the International division. Shouldn't you also see improvements in your Canadian and Latin American and Asian businesses where it's just a matter of volume leverage, and you would expect from your comments volume to continue to be pretty strong in 2011?
Douglas Baker: Yes, we would expect to continue to see margin improvement in Latin America and Asia-Pacific, also. I think I registered the heart of that question, can you take the 100, since it's 2/3 and transfer it over the whole International thing? Yes, and then you're adding even a little better than that. That would be our goal.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: So actually if you kind of factor all of it in, your International margins in 2011 should do better than a point improvement, maybe even closer to 1.5?
Douglas Baker: I think we're in danger of getting over our skis now. I would say, it's going to be better than the 70 basis points.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Zekauskas of JPMC.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co: You're letting go 900 people in Europe. What's the timing of the departure of those people? And what do they do?
Douglas Baker: Yes. One, we haven't finalized those plans because we need to work with the Works Councils to do that, which we are in process now initiating that piece of it. So we do not have exact specifics around who or when. What I can tell you is what's foreseen but still needs to be developed in partnership with the Works Councils is that this is principally going to be, if you will, back-office shared-service support, quite heavily in those arenas, which is areas that we believe we have a clear path towards. And so what we're working to do, if you will, is maximize sales customer support and minimize the cost of all the necessary back-office support.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co: The Kay revenues in the United States, so the Kay sales were flat in the fourth quarter. And then the previous three quarters in the U.S., they were either high single digit or low double digit. Is the new trend of the U.S. Kay business flat growth within 2011 or low single digits? Or how do you see that?
Douglas Baker: I think we discussed this briefly before but not in detail that Kay business runs into its basic times. It succeeds by making outside sales when you compare it to its base. We described it as elephant hunting versus farming. And so as a result, as they bring on new customers, you'll start seeing that business moving forward. We are not predicting that Kay is somehow plateaued or is out of growth. It's far from the case. But we've been through this before on Kay. And as we bring on new business, you will start seeing an acceleration of growth again. But Kay has always been somewhat lumpy.
Michael Monahan: Jeff, if you look back in the quarter, you'll see Kay having their robust quarters, the leaner quarters. But for the year, it's usually pretty consistent on the upper single-digit growth area.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Harrison of First Analysis.
Michael Harrison - First Analysis: Wanted to ask about pricing and, if you could, just comment kind of broadly about what you're seeing in the pricing environment in the U.S. and in Europe. And you has talked a little bit, I guess, in previous calls about looking longer term and maybe a one-ish percent price increase per year. Have you changed that view given where raw materials are? And can the market, at this point, bear price increases of the three- to four-ish percent range that we saw when raw materials were causing problems previously?
Douglas Baker: We're going to get to a rounding discussion. I would say, we've had upped our pricing plan as a result of the raw material moves. I mean, they're significant, they're well publicized, they're well understood. We do not anticipate anywhere near the 3% to 4% that we were going after. One, it's not required. Two, I don't think it would be smart for the business in terms of what we would do with customer relationships. So we are in a much lower place. It probably still rounds to 1%. Let's say, it's rounding down now versus rounding up.
Operator: Our last question is from P.J. Juvekar of Citi.
John Hirt: This is John Hirt standing in for P.J. In the past, you've provided us with your growth expectations for your key end markets, like healthcare and foodservice. Can you give us a little bit more granularity on what your growth outlook is for your larger end markets for 2011?
Douglas Baker: Yes, I mean, foodservice, we still see as relatively flat as we go forward. Lodging, this year, recovered quite substantially, and we think lodging, year-on-year, is going to be in the 3% range. Healthcare is probably low single digits as we move forward. Food & beverage in its historic norm of low single digits. Those would be our big key markets.
John Hirt: And can you tell us how much you plan on growing your sales force this year?
Douglas Baker: Probably in the 2% range.
Michael Monahan: Thanks, everyone. There was one issue we wanted to circle back on, and that was regarding the transformation, Europe transformation expense as shown in the EPS bridge. That is not the restructuring costs. The restructuring costs, as we mentioned, will be in the special charges. The transformation costs in the first quarter represent some of the activities we're doing to run these projects. We'll have those costs through the rest of the year. That will be offset by some of the benefits that we get later in the year. So that's why you see it going from $0.01 negative in the quarter to a positive -- the remaining quarters to a $0.02 positive for the full year.  So with that, that wraps up our fourth quarter conference call. This call, and the associated slides will be available for replay in our website. Thanks for your time and participation, and best wishes for the rest of the day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's presentation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-26 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas Baker - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Michael Monahan - VP of External Relations
Analysts: Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder LLC David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG Michael Harrison - First Analysis Edward Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. John Roberts - Buckingham Research Associations Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Justin Hauke Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Welcome to the Ecolab Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Michael Monahan, Senior Vice President, External Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Monahan: Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's third quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman, President and CEO. A copy of our earnings release and the slides referenced on this teleconference are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statement on Slide 2 stating this teleconference and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Form 10-K under item 1A, Risk Factors, in our third quarter earnings release and in Slide 2. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information that is also in the release. Starting with Slides 3 and 4, we continued to deliver solid earnings growth in the third quarter despite mixed conditions in our end markets. The sales increase was fueled by our aggressive actions to gain new accounts using our innovative new products, our industry-leading sales and service force. Margins improved on the better volume and cost-reduction actions. Looking ahead, we expect to continue outperforming our gradually improving markets and deliver double-digit EPS growth once again in 2010. Starting with some highlights from the quarter. Reported third quarter earnings per share were up 23% to $0.74. On an adjusted basis, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items from both years, third quarter 2010 earnings per share increased 8% to $0.66. The adjusted earnings per share growth was driven by better volume from new products and new account gains, which more than offset higher operating costs and continued investments in our business. From an end-market perspective, we continued to see good growth across all market segments in our Asia-Pacific and Latin America businesses. Lodging room demand has increased and is showing good trends worldwide. The global Food & Beverage market is enjoying steady growth. Our U.S. and European foodservice markets remained soft but have shown modest improvement from prior periods. And the U.S. Healthcare market has seen a modest slowing. We continue to be aggressive, focusing on top line growth, as we emphasize our innovative products and service strengths to help drive market share growth in our core businesses and deliver new account acquisition among our national, regional and independent prospects. We're also making significant investments in key growth businesses and acquisitions to build future growth. We also remain focused on cost savings, emphasizing productivity and efficiency improvements to help increase margins. Looking ahead, we expect fourth quarter adjusted EPS to increase 7% to 11% to $0.59 to $0.61 range, compared with adjusted EPS of $0.55 in the fourth quarter 2009. We tightened our estimate range for the full year. Despite the generally slow economy, we continued to look for double-digit EPS growth with adjusted EPS of $2.22 to $2.24 per share for the full year 2010, representing a 12% to 13% gain over last year. That would represent yet another year in our decade-long performance of fixed currency sales growth, our ninth consecutive year of adjusted EPS growth and the eighth double-digit EPS gain in the last 10 years. In summary, we expect 2010 to reflect yet another strong performance by Ecolab as we use aggressive sales efforts to gain new accounts and achieve better sales penetration, along with improved efficiency and cost savings to once again deliver attractive growth and shareholder returns. Turning to the details as shown on Slide 5, Ecolab's reported consolidated sales for the third quarter increased 1%. Looking at the components, volume and mix increased 3%, pricing was positive but not significant and currency decreased sales by 2%. Acquisitions were negligible. Slide 6 includes sales growth by segment and division. Sales for the U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing operations rose 4%. Institutional sales rose 3%. New account gains, increased sales to distributors and some pipeline building for new products and programs benefited third quarter sales. We continued to outperform mixed market trends, which showed continued soft foodservice foot traffic and strengthening Lodging room demand in the third quarter. We remain focused on driving sales growth using innovative products in warewashing, laundry and housekeeping that provides superior performance while delivering water, energy and labor savings for our customers. We are also targeting new accounts with additional and redeployed sales people and programs. These actions have resulted in good new account gains, and we are continuing our efforts to drive more sales and margin growth. We expect these actions to enable Institutional to once again outperform its markets in the fourth quarter, though some of the third quarter distributor inventory build-up will likely soften the fourth quarter gain. Kay's third quarter sales grew 8%, led by strong growth for both QSR and Food Retail. We enjoyed good demand from existing and new fast food chain accounts. Sales to Food Retail has improved, driven by new account wins. New products and programs like the introduction of Scrub-N-Go, the floor cleaner for QSR restaurants, bolstered Kay's results. We expect these initiatives, along with continued good new account growth, to help drive solid gains in Kay's fourth quarter. Reported sales for Textile Care increased 19%. Adjusted for the Dober acquisition, sales were up 2%. Customer gains, new program launches and additional sales within existing customers more than offset continued challenging industry conditions. The Dober acquisition complements Ecolab's existing business very well, bringing a strong sales and service team and strong customer relationships. It also brings innovative monitoring, technology and products as well as added scale to our Textile Care business that will improve our growth and returns on investment. While the Textile Care industry conditions remain difficult, we look for better sales from our strengthened Textile Care business in the fourth quarter. Healthcare sales increased 1% in the quarter. Gains in infection barriers and central sterile continued to more than offset comparison to the prior year's spike in demand due to H1N1 fears and slowing healthcare market trends this year, including fewer patient visits and surgical procedures. Excluding the H1N1 impact for both years, sales would have increased by approximately 4%. During the third quarter, we continued to build our product portfolio. We launched a new line of specially patient raves for robotic procedures and launched Virasept, the first non-bleached, EPA-approved, ready-to-use disinfectant that kills C. diff [Clostridium difficile] spores. Installations of a new hand care dispenser platform and antimicrobial line of sanitizers for central sterile are going well. And our EnCompass patient room sanitation program is getting a good response. Looking ahead, fourth quarter sales are expected to continue to show modest reported sales growth as it compares to the strong H1N1-related sales recorded in the fourth quarter of last year. Food & Beverage sales grew 4%. Sales increased in almost all segments as corporate account wins and new products offset soft results in meat and poultry. Food & Beverage will continue to focus on new account acquisition and new product sales to offset slow end markets and softer pricing. We look for our Food & Beverage sales to show similar growth again in the fourth quarter. Vehicle Care sales decreased 4%. The division remains focused on new more sustainable products and gaining new accounts. However, these efforts were more than offset by continued weak market demand. We looked for Vehicle Care to continue to outperform its markets in the fourth quarter, but sales are expected to fall short of last year's level. Sales for U.S. Other Services were flat in the third quarter. Pest elimination sales were also flat as gains in fast food, retail grocery stores and healthcare and Food & Beverage plants were offset by slow conditions in other major end markets. We continued to develop new product and program solutions to better serve customer needs in the current environment. Our new bed bug program that reduces room downtime for treatment cycles and thereby helps to lower customer's total costs, is doing well, and we are broadening the market applications for our bed bug programs. We also continued to work on additional new solutions that fit our sustainability profiles and goals. We expect these offers along with others help offset soft markets and yield somewhat better fourth quarter sales. GCS sales increased 1% in the quarter. Once again, the profitability improved significantly over last year and the prior quarter. New account wins offset the impact of slow Foodservice business conditions. GCS profitability continue to improve as productivity and efficiency gains were realized throughout the business. We remain focused on developing chain account relationships and driving sales through the regional and franchisee organizations. We had used some of the improvement in profitability to invest in regional sales force additions to deliver current and future growth. As a result, we expect GCS to show continued sales growth in the fourth quarter. Measured in fixed currencies, international sales increased 3%. Europe, Middle East and Africa sales were flat in the third quarter at fixed currency rates. Adjusted for divestiture, sales would have increased 1%. Europe's institutional third quarter sales declined slightly. New account gains were offset by soft market conditions in Central and Southern Europe. Food & Beverage sales improved. The business continues to focus on winning new customers by emphasizing the cost savings benefits of our leading products like DryExx, Inspexx and Water Care. Textile Care sales showed modest growth as new accounts offset reduced central laundry volumes. Europe's healthcare sales declined, as gains in equipments, drapes and strength in Eastern Europe did not offset last year's surge in H1N1-related sales. Pest Europe sales increased nicely as we continue to improve operations and profitability. We are starting to work with Europe's new business information systems platform to unlock costs and complexity in our operations to drive faster sales growth and higher margins. We continue to expect significant improvements starting next year as the range of growth and profitability actions we will implement begin to take effect. We look for Europe's fourth quarter fixed currency sales to be similar to last year. Asia-Pacific sales grew 8% in fixed currencies, as the region shows good recovery from last year's low level of the business travel and tourism. Institutional sales were solid as occupancy levels improve and economies recover. Food & Beverage sales showed strong growth. Both the beverage and brewing sectors continue to increase, benefiting from improved product penetration and account gains. Last month, we announced that we agree to acquire Cleantec. The business provides products, sales and service for the Food & Beverage, Foodservice and Textile Care industries in Australia and New Zealand. They have sales of about USD $55 million. We are awaiting clearance from the Australian anti-trust authorities and expect to close before year end. Cleantec will help us expand our Australian customer base, improve our positions in Food & Beverage processing, hospitality and Textile Care and create opportunities to offer additional services to customers. Looking ahead, Asia-Pacific expects continued good sales growth in the fourth quarter, reflecting recent account wins and stabilization of the markets. Third quarter sales for Ecolab's Canadian operations grew 5% when compared to last year at fixed currency rates. Food & Beverage in Kay reported strong growth. Institutional, Vehicle Care and Pest also reported sales gains in the quarter. We expect the solid sales trends to continue in the fourth quarter. Latin America reported a strong sales gain, rising 7% in fixed currencies, as all divisions in that region increased. Institutional growth was driven by new accounts, increased product penetration and continued success with the global and regional accounts. Food & Beverage sales reflected good demand in beverage and brewing markets as well as the benefits of new accounts. Overall, we expect attractive growth trends to continue in Latin America with another solid gain in the fourth quarter. Turning to margins on the income statement in Slide 7 of our presentation. Third quarter gross margins continued their recovery, increasing 50 basis points to 51.1%. The increase was driven by volume gains and cost savings actions. SG&A expenses represented 35.8% of sales, same ratio as last year. Leverage from sales gains and cost savings actions offset continued investments in our business, people and systems and other cost increases. Operating income for Ecolab's U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing segment increased 5%. Margins expanded by 30 basis points. The increase was primarily driven by volume gains. Operating income for U.S. Other Services grew 7%. Margins expanded by 120 basis points over last year, driven by pricing and cost savings actions. International fixed currency operating income increased 1% versus last year, while margins were off 20 basis points. Volume gains, pricing, favorable delivered product costs and cost savings efforts were more than offset by investments, including European systems expense as well as Asia-Pacific and Latin America investments in personnel. The Corporate segment and tax rate are discussed in the press release. We repurchased 2.9 million shares during the third quarter. The net of this performance is that Ecolab's reported third quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.74 compared with $0.60 reported a year ago. When adjusted for special gains and charges and discrete tax items in both years, our adjusted earnings increased 8% to $0.66 when compared with $0.61 earned a year ago. Turning to Slide 8. Ecolab's balance sheet and cash flow remained strong. Total debt to total capital was 33% at September 30 compared with 33% reported a year ago. Our net debt was 28%. Looking ahead, we expect continued mixed end market performance in the fourth quarter, but with still gradually improving trends. As outlined in Slide 9, we continue to drive new account and market share growth using our products and services strengths that combine to help customers reduce their costs and improve their efficiency. We continued to focus our investments in growth businesses like Healthcare, China and Latin America as well as new products and acquisitions to accelerate the top line. We will also expand our sales and service force to invest in field technology to make them more productive. We expect these actions to yield sequential organic sales improvement in the fourth quarter. The press release includes other line items forecast of our fourth quarter P&L. Net, we expect adjusted diluted earnings per share in the fourth quarter, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items, to increase 7% to 11% to the $0.59 to $0.61 range compared with the adjusted earnings per share of $0.55 earned a year ago. This would yield full year EPS growth of 12% to 13% into the $2.22 to $2.24 range. In summary, as noted in Slide 10, we had a solid third quarter performance while still investing in our future. We look for a strong fourth quarter gain and expect to deliver double-digit EPS growth once again for the full year 2010, representing our ninth consecutive year of adjusted EPS growth as we continue to outperform mixed but gradually improving end markets. On a closing note, we thought you might be interested in some recent recognition we received. We placed 26th on Newsweek's Greenest Companies in America list that was last week's issue. And during the quarter, our China business was name one of the top 21 companies for driving sustainability in China as well as one of the best human resource management companies in that country. It was great recognition for our global demand and the work they do. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, please begin the question-and-answer period.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from P.J. Juvekar of Citibank.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc: Despite some recovery in the end markets like hotel occupancy rates and improved air traffic, your top line is still struggling and still quite weak. I was just wondering if you can explain the difference between the end market growth and your top line growth?
Douglas Baker: PJ, Doug. I would say, one, we've talked about expectations around one point improvement per quarter, sequentially. And that's what we've been seeing. If you talk Lodging, it's 10% of our overall sales. We have certainly seen a pickup in our sales to Lodging, but just as what Lodging was troubled, we were not saying you should be worried about our overall enterprise. I would say Lodging alone is not going to move the top line substantially. However, Lodging is performing well. And overall, our business continues to pick up momentum. And the number one focus this year is to make sure that we drove volume momentum, which is precisely what we're doing right now. And we are in a position to lead the year in a very good position in terms of volume, growth momentum.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc: And Doug, more broadly, you think time has time to shift the Ecolab business model towards emerging markets where sanitation is likely to become even more important? The emerging market, I think, are about 15% of your sales. You see an opportunity there? Or you think, still, it's not quite right for your products?
Douglas Baker: Well, I think the question is, I agree with the premise that emerging markets' sanitation levels expectations and spending in this area is going to continue to increase, and that's exactly what we're seeing. So our expectations is that the emerging markets continue to play an increasingly large role in our growth story. I think you're seeing out now. They're outgrowing the rest of the world. We would expect that to continue for a long time, and I would also say, I think as things place out over a fairly long period of time.
Operator: Our next question is from Gary Bisbee of Barclays Capital.
Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital: It looks like, I think, it was the third or fourth quarter in a row where you've done some share repurchases. Should we read anything into that about you feeling like you needed to do that to get to the full year guidance because something had changed in the business? Or maybe separately, is it about the availability of attractive acquisition opportunity?
Douglas Baker: Gary, Doug. I guess how we've talked about this is M&A is our number one priority for cash. And we've just announced that we've made two acquisitions. Certainly, prior to that announcement, we haven't made one in quite a while. And so we said our secondary use of cash is to use it in share buyback. So I think what you've seen is exactly that theme playing out. The truth of the matter is we generate excellent cash flow. And I don't believe we're going to be in a position where it's absolutely binary, one or the other. We like our M&A portfolio. We've made two acquisitions. We have a very robust pipeline and expect to continue to be making acquisitions moving forward. We will also continue in our model to continue to do share repurchase as well.
Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital: And then just a follow-up question on the U.S. cleaning margin, a bit less momentum in terms of the year-to-year gain there. How should we think about that? I know the thought process has been that overtime, particularly the volume growth environment, that there remains some upside in that. But should we think about without a much more significant revenue acceleration that it's going to be somewhat difficult over the next couple of quarters to do much more than you did this quarter? Or is there anything else going on?
Douglas Baker: Yes, well, I guess, I would start by saying that our expectation is gross margins continue to improve in virtually all regions. The most significant improvement, we will see in Europe over the next several years as we fully deploy EBS [Ecolab Business Solution] and the benefits that it's going to drive for us. Certainly, ultimately, if we don't drive volume, you're going to stall in your capabilities to drive margin. However, as I mentioned earlier, we are accelerating volume at this point in time and feel very confident we can continue to do that. So our expectation is margins continue to improve.
Operator: Our next question is from Laurence Alexander of Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Have you looked at sort of the success that you've had with Apex, which is a much sort of more dramatic, much faster rollout than most other new products you've launched? Is there any other applications which you can see also getting into this, some more kind of sales run rate, three to four years into the launch?
Douglas Baker: Yes, Lawrence, Doug. What we've got, as we've talked in previous calls, we have a great innovation pipeline. And so you're right, we have a strong warewashing portfolio highlighted by Apex, but there are other initiatives as well. We've got a new breakthrough laundry program coming out, which is very much following the principles that Apex followed. We think, frankly, it's eve stronger because we learned from Apex. In F&B, we have CIP and loop programs going, four new healthcare launches underway and also expanding solids and quick serve in Food Retail. So we like our innovation pipeline. And it's one of the reasons that we're seeing volume growth even though, with the exception of Lodging, the markets really haven't, if you will, flipped to positive for us. So we are still doing this in what I will call a lousy environment. But we have a very terrific innovation pipeline.
Michael Monahan: And Lawrence, as we look down that pipeline, there are products that are all focused on reducing cost for customers, improving value relationship for with them, better results at lower use cost, labor cost. So we're taking some of the lessons from Apex and bring those to other product set as well.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Does that change also -- is that leading to a change in how customers view your products and solution compared to your competitors? Or are you finding that some competitors are still able to come in with just sort of like a price point competition that they've always done?
Douglas Baker: Well, Lawrence, there are several types of buyers out there. I would say I think customers have always expected us to have leading innovation. And we continue to do that. That bar is always raised. But certainly, our goal is to continue to create distance between ourselves and regional competitors and even other global competitors. So that's really what we strive to do.
Operator: Our next question is from John McNulty of Credit Suisse.
John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG: In the margins in the U.S. Other Category, looked like they've kind of taken noticeable turn up. I'm wondering if this is the GCS business finally hitting profitability yet? And how should we think about that business in terms of margins going forward here?
Douglas Baker: Yes, it was principally GCS. GCS loss about $400,000 in that quarter versus I think $1.6 million the prior year. So it was a substantial improvement. And as I've mentioned before, I mean, GCS has been on the positive side of adding cash to the company now for a couple of years. So it's certainly continuing to improve. I guess our expectation for GCS as we've mentioned is we are really focused on driving GCS top line. As we continue to grow the top line, GCS will flip to profit even fully loaded with corporate overhead, which is the number I gave you.
John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG: And then just a follow-up question on the Healthcare business. I think Mike had indicated that you were seeing, I guess, a reduction in procedures being done. I mean given that healthcare doesn't normally seem to be overly cyclical, I'm wondering what's driving that? Or if there are certain end markets that you're exposed to whether it's the plastic surgery side or what have you that we should be thinking about in terms of how that business moves kind of over the long term?
Douglas Baker: Yes, I guess I would consider this year a strange year for healthcare broadly, particularly in the U.S., right? There's been a lot going on as a result of legislation and other issues. And so we really don't view this as any kind of long-term trend. But during this year, and I think there's plenty of outside third-party facts, other medical companies who have been reporting, the number of procedures overall is down this year. Doctor visits are down. A number of this has to do with people rolling off medical coverage as unemployment, right, has been sustained for a long period of time. However, what we really look at healthcare, we like our business, the launches we have are doing well. This business is improving if you to start working underneath and get out of the H1N1 noise, which is in debate from last year. We're quite confident that this business is going to start per forming like we expect it to, which is high single digit to double-digit organic growth in the near future.
John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG: What we're seeing, I guess, across a lot of the chemicals space seems to be a lot of raw material, prices starting to move higher. We've seen costic moving, as well as some of the plastics. I'm wondering if you're starting to see some raw material pressures at all? And what we should be thinking for in terms of pricing? I know it was flat this past quarter, but how should we think about that going forward?
Douglas Baker: I would say, what's happened this year in raw materials is pretty much the story we talked about beginning in the first quarter, which was, you would see significant year-on-year improvement in the first half that will be relatively flat in the second half. And so that story has canned out. I would say, certainly, there is some pressure. I would say it's nowhere near the type of inflationary pressure we saw in '06, '07, '08. So I don't think it's going to be a headline story for us. It's certainly not going to be as favorable as it was for the second half of '09 and the first half of '10. But I don't think it's going to be our headline story.
Operator: Our next question is from Nathan Brochmann of William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: I was wondering if you can talk a little bit more about the investment. I know that you talked a little bit about that last quarter in terms of stepping up the opportunity, particularly with the headcount in Asia and Latin America. But I was wondering if you could help us kind of think about the balance in terms of the international margins right now? In terms of what's still coming from the training, et cetera, going on in Europe versus the new headcount additions and other developing areas?
Douglas Baker: Well, if you look at our international margins, certainly, Europe is by far the biggest piece of the International business and has the most influence. I would say what we're seeing in Europe is what we had expected sequentially; improvement in our profitability as we start transitioning from rolling out EBS, to stabilizing EBS, to leveraging EBS. And so we completed the rollout of EBS in the second quarter. We have now the full costs of the amortization in our mix, plus some stabilization costs early in the third quarter, which are starting to subside. And so we expect to continue to see improvement in profitability to a relative in the fourth quarter on. Because we are now fully on leveraging EBS. That is going to be the principal story when we look at international margins. Now aside from that, in terms of Asia-Pacific and Latin America, as we've mentioned, that is principally a volume story. We will continue to invest. We're investing in headcount. We're making outside investments in emerging markets that we think have the best near- and long-term opportunities. We're going to be building a new plant, we're adding our third plant in China, which we're underway with. We've had a number of headcount, key resources in these regions. All of which we like very much these investments and believe they're going to bear fruit as early as 2011. But that's what's going on and all. The principal story is going to be Europe for the next few years.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: And so I would assume that as being the bigger part of the mix that overshadows in terms of the investment on the other side of the ocean there in terms of the opportunity for those margins to continue to creep up then?
Douglas Baker: Yes, I mean, I guess what I would expect is we think margins in all regions are going to continue to grow, but they're going to grow at a much more significant rate in Europe because of the low level we are at and the EBS story, which was they're artificially low right now as we've layered on a second, if you will, operating system on top of the old system, though we have dismantled the old system. We are just starting that process right now. So those margins are going to be moving up faster than the other regions.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Along with Pest, I was wondering if you could just give a little bit more detail in terms of kind of where that business is and where you're looking to take it? Obviously, that has continued to be a growth opportunity for you. I know the environment is kind of pushing against you right now. But just wondering if it can get a little bit more detail in terms of where that business is today and where you're looking to take it?
Douglas Baker: Yes, well, the Pest business is still a fantastic business. And I would break this into two points. Internationally, that business continues to grow. It's accelerating. It's accelerating in Europe, we're improving the profitability there. We have very, very strong momentum. In the U.S., which is obviously our largest Pest business, we are seeing the underlying trends improve. So that is account retention. We are starting to get much stronger on new contract growth, what we call one shot or onetime events, particularly bed bugs to be an obvious one that you would look at. But there's certainly more in that category than simply bed bugs. All those signs are improving. So we expect this business to turn to top line growth starting early next year and expect it to grow throughout 2011 in all regions.
Operator: Our next question is from Edward Yang of Oppenheimer.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: My question is doving a little bit more into pricing. Doug, as your volumes have moved up, pricing on a year-over-year basis has been steadily ticking down. It was up 0% this quarter. I would think that there's a natural level of price increase built into your business model as you introduce new products like Apex, which are priced higher than the traditional warewashing product. Your prices should go up. So are there any areas where you've been cutting price and areas where you're raising price? I would like to get some better granularity there.
Douglas Baker: Yes, well, a couple of things. One, prices were up this year versus last year. But you're right, it was not a significant rate, it was about 30 basis points. Now importantly, that does not include any technology upgrade. We have that mix, and that would be in margin. So the example you used, as we move a client from, say, SOLID POWER to Apex, and Apex would be priced at a significant premium per pound, that would not be reflected in the pricing number that we get. That would be in the overall margin. And that is historically the number one way that we drive margin. It's not through what I call naked price increases, simply moving up $50 box to $51. We will do that, and certainly in one of our inflationary environments, we'd do more than when we're in a not inflationary environment. But the number one drive is the new technology. And as I listed earlier, in response to another question, we've got a very robust portfolio of new innovation, all of which is at a margin premium versus existing programs.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: And on your earlier comments about some of the commodity chemicals inflation, I agree that it's nowhere near to the extent that we saw a couple of years ago. But there seems to be some echoes of that because if you look at costs of soda prices, for example, they look like there's price increases on the table that are up like 30% from current prices, similar I think with phosphate and resins. How quickly can you raise prices? I know you like to -- you don't like to shock the customer and you like to save it in overtime. But are you starting to think about the price increases in getting ahead of some of these raw material increases?
Douglas Baker: Well, we certainly pay very close attention to raw material pricing, and its projected impact on our business. And we learned a number of important lessons and persevered in a very inflationary period just in '06 through '08. And so the same team is in place. In fact, I would say if it got to that point, which we're not predicting in our business and we've been through this a number of times and I think everybody handled that, but if it did get to that point, we are in a much better shape today than we were, say in 2005, at the beginning of the last ramp-up, simply because we've changed the way we contract with customers, where we have annual provisions and much easier way to impact pricing than we did going into the old '06 through '08 period. Your I think we are in a good position here. Should all this pricing manifests itself, we'll see.
Michael Monahan: We don't buy typically on the spot target. We're buying on contracted. So we're going to have less volatile raw material from that. And for example, caustic is on a roller coaster, so that can be pretty volatile. But ours are contracted so it's pretty steady.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: And maybe just a final question on a longer-term focus. I know Circle the Customer's such a key element to your business strategy. Can you share some progress in terms of your efforts like cross-selling in terms of how you track those metrics? And also, as you focus more in the near term in terms of account wins, does that set you back somewhat in terms of how you calculate the number of solutions sold by customer? And in terms of the P&L impact, as you add new customers, are there customer acquisition costs associated with that? And how quickly do those new customers get to the same level of profitability as your underlying base of customers?
Douglas Baker: CTC, Circle the Customer, is absolutely a key part of our strategy. As we've said, typically during tough environments like we've been in, we shift to a larger emphasis on new customer gains, which is what we've been doing. And when you're successful as we've been, this ultimately increases the CTC opportunity going forward. What your other question was, do new customer somewhat delude your average solution sold per customer. And the answer would be, yes because typically, when we bring out a new customer, it is with the purest solutions. Then we shall see customers that have been with us for five, 10, 15, 20 years as we build out that set. So that is a natural outcome as we move forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Justin Hauke of Robert W. Baird.
Justin Hauke: I did have one quick question on the share repurchases, just revisiting that. It does look like you're getting somewhat close to the end of your authorization. I think you have about $2.6 million remaining. So I guess just any thoughts on extending that program into beyond that? And also in 2011, do you expect your cash uses to be the same, or do you have any incremental costs that are coming on or pension obligations or anything of that nature?
Douglas Baker: Yes, I think we have still 5 million, 5.5 million shares left in our authorization. It's where we are. And so regarding uses of cash for 2011 and pension, specifically, we're not obligated to make any pension contributions in 2011 or remainder of 2010. We may choose to do so, but that will be out of choice and because it's the right use of cash. In terms of other uses of cash, as I spoke to earlier, it is smart M&A number one. Share repurchase would take a backseat to that, but we are a very successful business in terms of generating cash. So my expectation is you'll see both in 2011.
Justin Hauke: On 4Q expectations for Europe. I mean, I think you're expecting volume growth to be essentially flat. Raw material costs, obviously, are your headwind now and your price contribution is lower. Can you clarify, are you expecting margins to improve in Europe year-over-year in 4Q, or really not until 2011?
Douglas Baker: The big benefit is going to be in 2011, and I would say the wildcard in Q4 right now is relatively new news. But it's baked in our forecast, and all the rest is the strike at France. And France has about 20% of our volume in Europe. And so while we're working to serve customers, you might imagine it's a little bit more challenge than it is in the normal times.
Operator: Our next question is from a David Ridley-Lane of Bank of America.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Can you give us a rough idea of the trend in Japanese revenue? And then maybe, how Asia-Pacific would look x Japan?
Douglas Baker: Yes, well, Japan has always been the slowest growth portion of our Asia-Pacific market. And so Japan has been growing at low single digits for quite a while. If you exclude it, somebody's currently doing the math there, so if you'd give a minute, we'd come back and give you the number.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Given the European transition costs falling off here in the fourth quarter, just wondering, what are some of the factors that are driving sequential increase in SG&A in dollar terms and into the fourth quarter?
Michael Monahan: Could you repeat that, David?
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just wondering what's driving the sequential increase in SG&A in the fourth quarter given that some of the European EBS transition costs are falling off?
Douglas Baker: Typically, in the fourth quarter, we have some onetime costs that flowed through SG&A on a lower -- as options expense flow through heavier in the fourth quarter on a lower-volume quarter. Almost considered seasonal.
Operator: Our next question is from Rosemarie Morbelli of Ingalls & Snyder.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder LLC: I was wondering, since your total revenues were up only 1%, but I understand you also had some good, smart volume improvement which led to some stronger than I expected margin improvement, did some of the margin improvement come from maybe your slowing down your investments temporarily, given the lack of top line growth?
Douglas Baker: Rosemarie, no. I would say you've got continued impact from a Lean Six Sigma program that's been in place for four years. We have improvements on a number of efficiency ratios, which we believe are sustainable and can continue to be built on. Productivity in the field continues to improve as we roll out field technology. So all of these things, which are fundamental to our margin, continue to pay dividends for us as we go through. We continue to have a very sizable investment fund funding the business. We're funding healthcare growth, we're funding water, energy and waste technology and field capability growth. We're funding and working at a number of M&A opportunities, which now all flow through P&L at this point in time. We have EBS actually stepping up in costs because it moved from the balance sheet to the P&L when you start amortizing as you fully roll this out. So I would say, if anything, we are fully invested at this point in time and still expanding margin.
Michael Monahan: And Rosemary, just one technical point. That was 1% with the reported growth. The fixed currency growth was 3%.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder LLC: Okay, which is still not huge. I guess I would have asked the same question. I mean, as you look at Asia-Pacific, and I understand it is much smaller, but up 8%; 3% is lower than what you normally would expect from Ecolab, I guess that's where...
Douglas Baker: Yes, well, absolutely. And we've said that our expectation is that we will get back to 6% to 8% organic growth on a global basis, but it is going to take us a number of quarters. And the expectation is that we will build sequentially about a point of growth per quarter. That's what we've been doing. Now the earlier question about what Asia-PAC looked like x Japan, it's growth is 13%. And that would include obviously Australia, New Zealand, which for us are a pretty large market. And obviously, not growing at the same rate as Asia and China.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder LLC: You said that you expected Pest to show some growth again in the first quarter of '11. What is behind that expectation? What are you seeing that is going to be majorly different in the first quarter of '11 than it has been for this year?
Douglas Baker: Pest, we've been in the Pest business for a long time, and we have a flow of metrics which are quite predictive of what's going to happen on top line as well as margin and other places. And as I mentioned, when we start looking at account retention metrics through contract volume and onetime sales or onetime event sales, all these areas are showing improvement. And so those things tend to flow through and translate to sales growth, and that's our expectation.
Michael Monahan: Rosemarie, we've also been targeting some new markets for Pest elimination. We've been tailoring programs to better serve our end markets. So we've been doing a bunch of stuff on the top line side as well to help drive growth.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder LLC: With infestation of bed bugs, do you think it would make sense to bring your program to the residential market as opposed to just Lodging, and I am assuming commercial buildings? Or maybe you're not even going there? I mean, they are not concentrating in the beds.
Douglas Baker: Yes, well, Rosemarie, I would say we have a number of innovation activities around bedbugs. They aren't going to go away. And we are working at what business opportunities this presents to us. At this time, there's been no decision made to move out of our core markets, but we are certainly looking at the opportunity.
Operator: Our next question is from Dmitry Silversteyn of Longbow Research.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: I just want to get back to maybe a little bit more granularity on the Pest Elimination business, we've seen a little bit of better results here. We talked about Pest Elimination being -- if you do a good job, then the customer really feels like you can cut it back on that for a quarter or two or three, are we still in that frame of mind where the growth now is really coming from your new programs and new customers? Or are customers returning to a bit more of a scheduled maintenance programs with you in Pest Elimination?
Douglas Baker: Yes, I would say, we have moved through. Probably the most difficult times for Pest are behind us. And so our expectation, Dmitry, is it's going to turn into a more normal environment. This isn't going to be a snapback in this business. It was down slowly and will move back up slowly. So it's not going to move from one quarter up to plus 10%. It's going to take some time. But we see the underlying metrics are moving us back into the positive territory, and we feel confident that this business is going to continue to improve in the following quarters.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: So you have enough of a critical mass in the U.S. with the acquisitions that you made previously to build that business. Were you really not looking to acquire any white patches on your geographic map? You're really looking -- if you are looking to in this business, you're really looking more in Europe and Latin America?
Douglas Baker: Yes, I would say, I don't think there's a white-spot opportunity, a white-space opportunity in North America per se. However, I think as I've indicated broadly on M&A, that bolt-on acquisitions are more attractive to us than they have been in the past given where the market is and everything else. So we'd be open to smart bolt-on activity, but our white space activity will be in Europe, Asia and Latin America for Pest.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: And a kind of broader M&A question beyond Pest Elimination particularly in the U.S. Is this an area where there's still growth or acquisition opportunities? Or are you basically going to be looking outside of the U.S. for most of your acquisition dollar spend?
Douglas Baker: Yes, well, our first priority is smart acquisition wherever it is. And beyond that, our priorities remain with healthcare, water and energy and waste technology. It is a global expansion in Pest. But it also does include bolt-on activity, which could happen both either in the U.S. like we've just recently done with the Dober acquisition, or outside of the U.S., like Cleantec. And I would expect to see that some of both in the future.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: On healthcare, and particularly in North America, in the slowdown that you've seen even excluding the impact of H1N1, I think you're only talking about maybe 4% growth, if I remember correctly. Exclusive of H1N1 impact. Quite a bit slower versus what you've been delivering recently and what you hope this business can deliver. If this is a slowdown in hospital visits and in doctor visits and what-not is a function of the healthcare reform that was passed earlier in the year, wouldn't it take a year or more for the market to find that it lags and for the people to learn how to gain the new system and file new forms so they can get reimbursed for get they think they should get reimbursed? Couldn't the healthcare slowdown in the U.S. be a much longer-term issue than a quarter or two?
Douglas Baker: I don't know, Dmitry. I don't know that many people are forecasting that the new healthcare system is going to reduce costs, right? In fact, it's open up the system to a wide, a huge number of new folks coming into the system. And if anything, there is real concern that there's not going to be the capacity or the demand. Not that demand is going to shrink away long term. I think the near-term issues have been somewhat confusion and also the fact that you've got large unemployment and people rolling off. Our employment is no longer getting worse, and while it's not getting substantially better, we think that impact is going to be in debate as we move forward. So our believe is this: Population is aging in this country. Healthcare is going to be under increased demand, not decreased. We don't believe that the new healthcare legislation got after-costs in a material way. In fact, it's going to start increasing expectations in the healthcare market that bode well for what we're selling. In terms of having to measure poor performance on infections acquired in hospitals, there's a whole host of things that hospitals are going to be expected to measure, which we anticipate will help drive this business. And we'll help them do it.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Zekauskas of JPMorgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co: In the second quarter, your depreciation and amortization charges were $91.8 million. And in the third quarter, they were $81.5 million. How did you do that?
Michael Monahan: Dmitry (sic) [Jeffrey], this is Mike. There's just some differences between quarters and some of the classifications that we have for some of our stuff. And there were some currency. So it's really nothing much difference between the two.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So is the ongoing depreciation number and amortization $81 million, or is it $91 million?
Michael Monahan: The year-to-date average, it's running about the $86 million, $87 million. So I think that's the number you should look at.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So did it come out of the amortization total, or did it come out of the depreciation total?
Michael Monahan: It's more of the depreciation.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Secondly, your incremental gross profit margin in the second quarter was about 100% or was that 95%. How did you do that?
Michael Monahan: Well, I don't think the incremental margin would be 95%. We do have a cost of materials.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co: No, I mean if you take your sales year-over-year and your gross profit year-over-year, your incremental margin, I think, was 95%. And you didn't have any pricing. So is this cost reduction, is that what you accomplished in the quarter or is it something else?
Douglas Baker: Jeff, I have to look at the numbers to see where that was coming from. I'm a little surprised at the numbers of volume. Our research could probably answer that one. I mean, we've said that we have some good leverage coming out of our business in terms of the productivity gains we've done, the cost savings we've done, et cetera. But to give you a good answer, you want to take a look at what you're looking at.
Michael Monahan: And Jeff, in a low-volume environment, I mean, relatively low-volume growth, those aren't unheard-of numbers. If you have savings programs across the portfolio, they will slump your volume.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Harrison of First Analysis.
Michael Harrison - First Analysis: I have a question on the F&B business. It sounds like the environment is improving for the Ecovation business. Can you give us an update on how sales for Ecovation have trended this year? And maybe provide a sense of what the backlog or pipeline of new business looks like compared to maybe where it was last year or a couple of quarters ago?
Douglas Baker: Yes, our Ecovation was up 35% in Q3. And it's been accelerating, obviously. Our expectation is that it will continue to grow at very significant rates going forward. This is really part of an overall strategy to put together a comprehensive program, Ecovation being one part of it to help in particular Food & Beverage customers deal with what we know is going to be a coming shortage of freshwater, which is going to translate into increased pressure on them, fairly or unfairly. And so this whole initiative is a very important growth initiative and is off to, I think, a terrific start. And we have a very, very good long-term game plan to drive growth in this area. And so we're starting to see that. The Ecovation growth is a piece of it but also just our underlying Water Care business. What we subtract some excess that we made in the last year is also growing quite nicely.
Michael Harrison - First Analysis: And then I was also curious on the GCS business. You've been working to get supplier approval from a lot of key chains, sort of a hunting-license approach. How is that strategy panning out since you've implemented it?
Douglas Baker: Yes, look, we have relationships with a lot of very large customers and are continuing to grow there. Our growth in the corporate account area has been very strong. What we're starting to see is firming up in what I would call the traditional street business, which is why you're seeing a little better performance than overall top line.
Michael Harrison - First Analysis: My last question is on healthcare. Despite the sort of the weak-ish growth or below-expectation growth, can you talk a little bit about EnCompass? And it sounds like that rollout is going about as planned, am I hearing that correctly?
Douglas Baker: Yes, I would say it is -- we have four key lodges in healthcare right now. EnCompass, ProTec. We've got OptiPro, which is a solid program for central sterile. It's also going very well, that one will probably be above expectation. We have a new Hand Care program as well, which is out there, which is also doing very well, too. So when you get back to ProTec and EnCompass, we've got about seven sold and we've got 50, if you will, actively in proposals and testing status right now. And we expect to bring a lion's share that goes on as well. And so that is how we expected this to move forward.
Operator: Our next question is from John Roberts of Buckingham Research.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Associations: You have all the pieces you need for this water energy and waste strategy, or is that an area that we ought to be looking for more pieces to be added to the Ecolab offering?
Douglas Baker: Well, I would say we have all the pieces we need to start driving growth right now, which is exactly what we're doing. But as we get into this business, we see additional opportunities, and there are additional technology plays that we think would further strengthen. So our expectation is we will have activity in water energy and waste going forward. But I don't think this is a situation where if we don't get it, we won't be successful, which is belief that that's probably going to be a faster way of moving forward and building it internally. It if we need to build it internally, we will.
Operator: Our next question is from Dmitry Silversteyn from Longbow Research.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: I just wanted to follow up on the growth in Europe or lack thereof. Your ability to grow in markets regardless of or almost regardless of the external conditions has been running a hallmark for the company. And yet that has not been the case in Europe. Now you got the new ERP system in there, you relocated the headquarters, you have a new sales force. Should we, at some point, hopefully in 2011 begin to see you grow at faster than a market growth rate assuming that it's a flat market in Europe and actually start picking up share at the pace and as aggressively as you've been able to do it in the U.S.? Or is it the, I guess, fundamentals in the region are such that you basically are confined to market growth?
Douglas Baker: Our Europe business is going to be up for the year. But we aren't going to sit here and beat our chest about 1% to 2% growth. I would say, we've got the 1% to 2%, which is the forecast for the year and still a pretty sluggish environment in Europe. We firmly believe we will drive this business. We're having a lot of success in Europe in picking up new large-contract business. We know this ultimately translates into top line growth and our expectation is that Europe, yes, will grow the top line in 2011.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: I understand that there's so many reasons why the margins in Europe can never get to the levels -- not actually could never, but aren't likely to get to a level you're seeing in the U.S. I'm trying to understand it, if there are fundamental regional reasons why the top line growth cannot approach what you're delivering in the U.S., business for business?
Douglas Baker: I don't think it's exactly the same. I mean, certainly, I would say the European competitive environment is challenging. But with that said, there's no reason that Europe can't recognize, say, 5% to 6% growth if our target globally is 6% to 8%, you're going to get outside growth from emerging markets. But we believe that is exactly achievable and we've done that in Europe in the past.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: And you think you have everything in place right now that you need to be able to get that growth at some point in the near to midterm future?
Douglas Baker: Well, I mean, everything is a pretty broad statement. I would say we've got the sales talent, we've got the organization in place and we have the technology. Some of the technology has been on hold in Europe as we rolled out EPS because you have this kind of lock-down, new product introductions and so we're starting to roll out our best-in-class technology in Institutional and F&B and these other places. So we know that bodes well in terms of accelerating European growth going forward.
Michael Monahan: And also as part of the essay pieces that we did, Dmitry, we've got a number of sales and sales productivity tools that we'll be developing that will be instrumental to us achieving better growth in Europe. So in one respect, yes, we've got the SAP system. We still need to develop those tools and we'll get those in place.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: You have to go back to second half of 2007 to see positive growth in Vehicle Care. And it seems like regardless of the market over the last two and half years. Is this business a candidate for reconsideration of as far as how attractive it is to be part of your portfolio? Or is there something that you were doing internally that we're not seeing but that's going to change the fortunes of this business, or is there something going on in the markets that we're not aware of that is going to change the fortunes of this business?
Douglas Baker: One, you're right. We do pointed this out internally that sales growth in Vehicle Care has not been strong. It has certainly been one of the most adversely impacted businesses we have in terms of economic impact. With that said, we're going to make more money this year than we did last year in Vehicle Care, and we've done a very strong job in improving margins. So Vehicle Care is, I don't know, 1/4, not even 1/2 the percent of sales, 1% of sales. I mean, it's not a huge piece, but this business provides a number of advantages somewhere inside the company. So we're happy to own the Vehicle Care business.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: so right now, we should continue to look at this as basically a loss meter for you?.
Douglas Baker: It makes money. So this isn't a cash drag, and it's a business that returns capital and everything else. It's not a growth engine, but it would be hard to argue that a business of less than 1% is going to drag the overall growth rate down.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: You have been very good in the past in leading out businesses that don't quite work out the way you thought they would. I'm just -- Vehicle Care is a core part of Europe's portfolio or something that you've tried, that if it doesn't work out, you may reconsider.
Douglas Baker: I would say it's -- we continue to drive margin improvement. We do believe the top line turns around in this business. That means we're good. It might have been a loss, but not very.
Michael Monahan: So I'm just going to wrap up with that. We are in position, and I'm very proud of our team to deliver a very successful 2010. Our forecast is 12% to 13% EPS growth for the year. We're building momentum where it helps most. We're accelerating volumes. We've got strong net new business result in all regions. We've shifted from rollout to leverage in Europe after a successful but long and very difficult SAP rollout. Our M&A pipeline remains very robust even after announcing our Dober and Cleantec acquisitions. And this is all done, and frankly, still along the market. And so we feel good about what we've done this year. And most importantly, how we've stepped the business up for the future. So we like our position. We'll continue to put focus on the things that matter, which is building the top line, leveraging it successfully and making sure we do smart things for not only the near term but for the future. So I appreciate your time today. Thanks for your interest and we'll talk to you soon.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's presentation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-27 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas Baker - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Michael Monahan - VP of External Relations
Analysts: Mark Gulley - Soleil Securities Group, Inc. Steven McNeil Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder LLC David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG Michael Harrison - First Analysis Richard O'Reilly - S&P Equity Research Edward Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. John Roberts - Buckingham Research Associations Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Welcome to the Ecolab Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Michael Monahan, Vice President, External Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Monahan: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Ecolab's second quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman, President and CEO. A copy of our earnings release and the slides referenced on this teleconference are available at Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor.  Please take a moment to read the cautionary statement in Slide 2, stating this teleconference and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Form 10-K under item 1A, Risk Factors, in our second quarter earnings release and in Slide 2. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information that is also in the release.  Starting with Slides 3 and 4, we continue to deliver strong earnings results in the second quarter despite mixed conditions in our end markets. The sales gain was fueled by aggressive actions to gain new accounts using our innovative new products and industry-leading service force. Margins improved on the better volume and benefited from favorable delivered product costs and cost-reduction actions. Looking ahead, we expect to continue outperforming our gradually improving markets and deliver superior growth once again in 2010.  Starting with some highlights from the quarter. Reported second quarter earnings per share were up 32% to $0.54. On an adjusted basis, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items from both years, second quarter 2010 earnings per share increased 12% to $0.56. The adjusted earnings per share growth was driven by better volume, new products, new account gains, pricing, favorable delivered product costs and cost savings, which more than offset higher operating costs and continued investments in our business.  Our U.S. and European Foodservice markets remained soft but are stabilizing. Lodging room demand has increased and is showing good trends worldwide. The Food & Beverage and Healthcare markets remained steady, and we continue to see good growth across all market segments in our Asia-Pacific and Latin America businesses. We continue to be aggressive, focusing on top line growth as we emphasize our innovative products and service strengths to help drive market share growth in our core businesses and deliver new account acquisitions among our national, regional and independent prospects. We're also making significant investments in key growth businesses to build future growth. We also remained focused on cost savings, emphasizing productivity and efficiency improvement to help increase margins.  Looking ahead, we expect third quarter adjusted EPS to increase 5% to 8% to the $0.64 to $0.66 range, compared with adjusted EPS of $0.61 in the third quarter 2009, reflecting comparison against strong results last year, easing raw material cost benefits and unfavorable currency trends. Despite the uncertain economy and fluctuating currency exchange rates, we continue to look for double-digit EPS growth with adjusted EPS of $2.21 to $2.26 per share for the full year 2010, representing an 11% to 14% gain over last year. That would represent another year in our decade-long performance of fixed currency sales growth, our ninth consecutive year of adjusted EPS growth and eight double-digit EPS gain in the last 10 years.  In summary, we expect 2010 to reflect yet another strong performance by Ecolab, as we use aggressively sales efforts to gain new accounts and achieve better sales penetration, along with improved efficiency and cost savings to once again deliver attractive growth and shareholder returns.  Turning to the details as shown on Slide 5, Ecolab's reported consolidated sales for the second quarter increased 5%. Looking at the components, volume and mix increased 2%, pricing was up 1% and currency benefited sales by 2%.  Slide 6 includes sales growth by segment and division. Sales for the U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing operations rose 3%. Institutional sales rose 2%. New account gains, new products and the comparison to weaker distributor shipments last year benefited second quarter sales. We continue to outperform mixed market trends with continued soft food service foot traffic and strengthening lodging room demand in the second quarter. We remain focused on driving sales growth using innovative products in ware washing, laundry and housekeeping that provides superior performance while delivering water, energy and labor savings for our customers. We're also targeting new accounts with additional and redeployed sales people in program. These actions have resulted in good new account gains, and we're continuing our efforts to drive more sales at margin growth. We expect these gains, investments in our sales team and new accounts to help Institutional continue to outperform its markets in the third quarter and the year.  Case second quarter sales grew 6%, led by strong growth from new account wins and Food Retail. We also enjoyed good demand from existing and new Fast Food chain accounts. New products and programs like the introduction of Scrub-N-Go, the floor cleaner for QSR restaurants, benefited case results. We expect these initiative, along with continued good new account growth, to help drive strong gains in case third quarter.  Textile Care sales were up 3%, as customer gains, new program launches and the additional sales within existing customers offset continued challenging industry conditions. Ecolab is focused on innovative products and services, operational savings and service excellence to bolster results. With textile industry conditions remaining difficult, we look for sales to be flattish in the third quarter.  Healthcare sales increased 5% in the quarter. Gains in infection barriers and central sterile continue to more than offset the inventory work down of soaps and sanitizers from the prior year's spike in demand due to H1N1 fears. Excluding the H1N1 impact, sales would have increased by approximately 7%.  During the second quarter, we began installing the new OptiPro line of central sterile solid products. Looking ahead, third quarter sales are expected to continue to improve as H1N1-related product inventories appear to have stabilized. Food & Beverage sales grew 3%. Sales increased in the beverage and food markets, as corporate account wins and new products offset soft results in dairy, agri and meat and poultry. Food & Beverage will continue to focus on new account acquisition and new product sales to offset slow end markets and softer pricing. We look for Food & Beverage sales to show similar growth in the third quarter.  Vehicle Care sales decreased 7%. The division remains focused on new more sustainable products and gaining new accounts. However, these efforts were more than offset by weak market demand. We look for Vehicle Care to continue to outperform its market and show sales similar to last year in the third quarter.  Sales for Other U.S. Services were flat in the second quarter. Test elimination sales were up 1% as gains in Fast Food and Food & Beverage plants were offset by slow conditions in other major end markets. We continue to develop new product and program solutions to better serve customer needs in the current environment.  Our new Bed Bug program that reduces room downtime for treatment cycles, and thereby helps to lower customers' total costs, is doing well, as is our new EPA-exempt pesticide, which poses a minimum risk to humans and the environment. It still provides an average kill time for common cockroaches of less than five minutes compared with eight hours for other liquid applications.  We continue to target specific growth markets, like Food Retail and Food & Beverage processing, to build contract growth. And we are working on other programs to provide improved service, efficacy and efficiency for our customers. We expect these efforts to help offset the soft markets and yields improved third quarter sales. GCS sales increased 1% in the quarter. Once again, profitability improved over last year in the first quarter. New account wins offset the impact of slow Foodservice business conditions.  GCS profitability continue to improve as productivity and efficiency improvements were gained throughout the business. We remain focused on developing chain account relationships and driving sales with our regional and franchisee organizations. We have used some of the improvement in profitability to invest in regional sales force additions to deliver current and future growth. Looking to the third quarter, we expect continued sales growth and further profitability improvement.  Measured in fixed currencies, international sales increased 5%. Europe, Middle East and Africa sales increased by 4% in the second quarter at fixed currency rates. Results benefited in part from a weak first quarter and year-ago period.  Europe's Institutional sales increased as Foodservice markets appear to have stabilized, and lodging trends improved in most European markets. Our sales teams targeted new business with regional and local customers. These efforts were leveraged by new products that offer customers superior results, cost savings and better efficiencies.  Food & Beverage sales improved. The business continues to focus on winning new customers by emphasizing the cost savings benefits of our leading products like DryExx and Water Care. Textile Care sales were off, reflecting reduced volumes from central laundries. Europe's healthcare sales were comparable to last year as strength in East Europe was offset by H1N1-related product inventory reductions by customers.  West Europe sales were also comparable to last year, as we continue to improve operations and drive profitability. We are starting to work with Europe's new business information systems platform to unlock costs and complexity in our operations, to drive faster sales growth and higher margins. We continue to expect significant improvements starting next year as the range of growth and profitability actions we will implement begin to take effect. We look for a modest gain in Europe's third quarter fixed currency sales, reflecting a less favorable comparison to last year.  Asia-Pacific sales grew 9% in fixed currencies as the region showed good recovery from last year's low level of the business travel and tourism. Institutional sales were strong as occupancy levels improved and economies recover. Food & Beverage sales showed strong growth. Both the beverage and brewing sectors continue to increase benefiting from improved product penetration and account gains. Looking ahead, Asia-Pacific expects continued good sales growth in the third quarter, reflecting recent account wins and stabilization of the markets.  Second quarter sales for Ecolab's Canadian operations were flat when compared to last year at fixed currency rates. Food & Beverage, Textile Care and Vehicle Care all reported strong sales growth. However, Institution and Healthcare were negatively affected by H1N1-related product inventory reductions. We look for our Canadian business to show better growth in the third quarter.  Latin America reported a strong sales gain, rising 9% in fixed currencies, as all divisions in that region increased. Institutional growth was driven by new accounts, increased product penetration and continued success with global and regional accounts. Food & Beverage sales reflected good demand in the beverage and brewing markets as well as the benefits of new accounts. Overall, we expect the track of growth trends to continue in Latin America with another solid gain in the third quarter.  Turning to margins on the income statement in Slide 7 of our presentation. The second quarter gross margins continued their recovery, increasing 100 basis points to 50.7%. The increase was driven by volume gains, pricing and improved delivered product costs. SG&A expenses represented 37.2% of sales, 70 basis points above last year. The increase in SG&A ratio was due to continued investments in our business, people and systems and other cost increases, which more than offset cost savings and leverage from the sales gain.  Operating income for Ecolab U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing segment increased 10%. Margins expanded by 130 basis points. The increase was driven by volume gains and favorable delivered product costs. We also benefited from favorable cost comparisons against last year.  Operating income for U.S. Other Services grew 2%. Margins expanded by 30 basis points over last year, driven by pricing and cost savings actions, which more than offset higher service and other cost increases.  International fixed currency operating income declined 5%. Volume gains, pricing and favorable delivered product costs were more than offset by additional investments, including European systems expense and Asia-Pacific and Latin America investments and personnel.  Corporate segment and tax rate are discussed in the press release. We repurchased 1.2 million shares during the second quarter. The net of this performance is that Ecolab's reported second quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.54 compared with $0.41 reported a year ago. When adjusted for special gains and charges and discrete tax items in both years, adjusted earnings increased 12% to $0.56 when compared with $0.50 for the year ago.  Turning to Slide 8. Ecolab's balance sheet and cash flow remained strong. Total debt to total capital was at 34% at June 30, compared with 37% reported a year ago. Our net debt at June 30 was 30%. Looking ahead, we expect a continued mix performance in our end markets, but also look for gradually improving trends. Against that backdrop, we are taking appropriate actions to drive both our top and bottom line.  As outlined in Slide 9, we will continue to drive new account and market share growth using our product and service strengths that combine to help customers reduce their costs and improve their efficiency. We will continue to focus on investment in growth businesses like healthcare, China and Latin America, as well as new products and acquisitions to accelerate the top line. And we'll expand our sales and service force and invest in their field technology to make them more productive. We expect fixed currency sales to rise in the low to mid single-digit range in 2010, and look for gross margins to show continued good improvement.  SG&A will reflect the investments we are making in our sales force and systems. Corporate expense should moderate slightly. Interest expense is expected to be comparable to 2009, and the tax rate is forecast to be in the 30% to 31% range. As mentioned in our opening comments, we are cautious regarding the speed of the recovery and the impact of currency fluctuations on our second half results, but continue to look for double-digit EPS growth, with adjusted EPS in the range of $2.21 to $2.26 per share for the full year 2010, representing an 11% to 14% gain over last year.  The press release includes the line item forecast of our third quarter P&L. Net, we expect diluted earnings per share for the third quarter, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items, to increase 5% to 8% to $0.64 to $0.66 range compared with the adjusted earnings per share of $0.61 on the year ago.  In summary, as noted on Slide 10, we had a strong second quarter while still investing in our future. We look for a solid third quarter earnings gain and expect to deliver double-digit EPS growth for the full year 2010, representing our ninth consecutive year of adjusted EPS growth as we continue to outperform mix with our gradually improving end markets. And now, here's Doug Baker with some comments on the quarter.
Douglas Baker: Good afternoon. Before going to Q&A, I just wanted to offer a brief overview. My take on the quarter is that we had a solid quarter. We did exactly what we said we would do. And most importantly, we continue to build momentum in our business, and we're doing this against a backdrop of a really mediocre economic environment, and I'd also remind everybody is against a real history, meaning last year, our adjusted sales, OI and EPS grew. So where are we? Well, we're on the other side of a major SAP implementation which is good news. It means it's all upside from here. The disruptions that accompany a change in this [ph] (22:11) are mostly behind us and will soon be completely behind us. The service and productivity metrics in the region that impacted Europe are showing the right movement, and we're now able to get after savings that have been promised, have been part of this whole initiative.  Most importantly, and even more importantly, our collective growth and innovation investments are paying off. We continue to add share in Foodservice, Food Retail, F&B and our Healthcare businesses. We've had significant corporate account wins the last 12 months, the last six months being the most productive. Our innovation in warewashing, Apex, in laundry, more temperature and more water initiatives, in F&B, DryExx, in new antimicrobial, in QSR are solid, in FRS, our formula of foam, in Healthcare, our EnCompass, Protect, Optisolids, and now, new hand care system, all continue to show very good momentum. In this year's innovation pipeline, it's the second biggest in history, and by far, are most balanced. And also, new initiatives with SYSCO and others are just coming online as we speak.  So finally, the market has stabilized, but it is not yet our friend. We are improving the business without any market help, and we expect the market to continue to slowly improve. So our focus in the second half is really more of the same. Leverage all of the above good deeds to drive our top line acceleration and build sustainable OI momentum built on volume growth. So our forecast for the year is double-digit EPS, our growth of 15% EPS remains our goal, and we believe is the right goal. So while the market growth is slow, if that's we've got huge share upside and we are getting after it. So the business is progressing. We have no real drama to report. We need to continue to focus on execution and deliver the year the right way.
Michael Monahan: Thanks, Doug. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, please begin the question-and-answer period.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Gary Bisbee from Barclays Capital.
Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital: You've talked recently about the pipeline being maybe more robust than it's been in a while, an awful lot of new products. And given that you've historically brought this out at premium price and in premium margin for you, are you seeing any sort of difference in the uptake of new products based on the weaker economy than what you've seen in the past? Or is that something that over the next 12 to 18 months, as you launch all these things, you think will be another good avenue for margin gain?
Douglas Baker: Gary, I would say our experience right now is very positive on the new initiatives. They are higher margin. But even more importantly, they were represent much better value for customers since they're really targeted at getting after water, energy, and in some cases, labor savings. So they've got a great economic benefit for customers and this year is exactly the right story to be taking to the market at this time. So you need to have the balance for those two, meaning, it has got to make sense for customers and the initiatives for launching new.
Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital: It sounds like there's a lot more. And maybe it's just that you guys are talking about them than you would have in a typical 12-month period or whatever. Is there any issue with getting it all out there? Or is the sales force so targeted on their particular areas that you feel like you're well positioned of uptake on all these new products than one?
Douglas Baker: Yes, Gary, it is a big pipeline. But I guess the point is that it's a balanced pipeline. So this isn't all falling at the feet of one sales force. So we've got initiatives that are going to our Institutional team. We have initiatives that are F&B team. We have initiatives going out to our Healthcare team, our QSR team, our Food Retail team. These are discrete sales teams. And the number of initiatives per team is well managed. It's just that we have a number of initiatives across the teams, across the company. And so this has been planned for a while, and we have been, right, upping our R&D, upping our focus on what we call our anchor technologies, those that we think are the most important in terms of impacting customer satisfaction. So this is a result of several years of effort.
Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital: I guess, one last question on the margins, particularly in international. It sounds like you've increased the level of investments. Should we read into that as sign that you're feeling better about just the macroeconomic progress in some of those markets are making? Or is it other reasons that you've stepped it up and had margins turned a little lower this quarter?
Douglas Baker: Yes, to answer your specific question, I would say, clearly, in Asia-Pacific and L.A. in particular, we certainly have found those and continue to believe that those are in better shape economically than, say, near-term U.S. and Europe. I don't think this is a unique view on our part. But certainly, we are upping the investments, particularly in Asia-Pacific, where we've added several hundred heads year-on-year, and then a number other things to continue to drive growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nate Brochmann from William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Doug, just to follow up on that last question a little bit. Just wanted to think a little bit more on how you guys think about investment and kind of also balancing that with bottom line returns. And then also, secondarily, if you could talk a little bit about underlying productivity, if we are able to strip out some of the higher investments, if any?
Douglas Baker: Yes, I don't know, I mean, how philosophical you want to get. I mean, if you look at AP and L.A. OI growth was spectacular in the fourth quarter and just excellent in the second quarter. So it was in the 25% year-on-year range. And so we typically will continue to feed the business. And in AP, and L.A. in particular, we see very significant growth upside and very significant opportunity to capture increased share in a market we believe is going to grow faster than the balance of the world. So we want to seize this opportunity now. So we are investing somewhat on the comp as we go through this, right? We will add people and our people don't become productive immediately. We're making sure that we've got very smart infrastructure bets, not huge ones and they're very limited. The ones that we need to make is by and large. We've got the infrastructure built. We are rolling out fuel technology in these regions because we know it does two things. It enables us to supply even better value to our customers by collecting data. And it also allows us to drive productivity in the region as we build scale in that region. So I don't know if that gives you any color. Europe, we've also, obviously, had major investments, which is the other part of the international story for us. And those investments are largely around EBS. So we have the last wave, if you will, of EBS, eight countries, which by far, our largest wave. So you've got increased amortization showing up in the second quarter. That will stick with us. But even larger than that, you've got the natural but unfortunate disruption costs that come with flipping from one ERP system to another. Things like back orders, when you're moving from one inventory to the other, which means double shipments to a customer per order. Now all these costs are starting to move in the right direction, but they are incurred when you go through one of these things. And we're going to move out of this. So that's another big piece of the international OI piece. If I was going to give you a picture going forward, our expectation is that international acceleration on the top line is going to continue in Q3 and Q4. And we will start seeing significant OI momentum in our overall international segment beginning in Q4.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: And then, just to think about the Asia-Pacific business a little bit. I believe, up until at least recently, that a lot of that growth has been coming from moving along with U.S.-based customers. Is that starting to expand a little bit beyond that base?
Douglas Baker: Oh yes, I would say it is. I mean, if you look at our top 20 customers in China, the majority of them would be Chinese at this point in time. And so that's been kind of an evolution that's been occurring because that market has been rolling. And obviously, local Chinese players are becoming quite a large player in the Food & Beverage space in particular.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Gulley from Soleil Securities.
Mark Gulley - Soleil Securities Group, Inc.: Doug, it had to be kind of interesting to see Institutional growth behind, let's say, Textile and Europe. And I know that a lot of it is market driven. But perhaps you can give us some observations on the pace of which you think U.S. Institutional can recover here.
Douglas Baker: Yes, Mark, I will -- we may record that and send it to the Institutional. They noticed that too. Institutional has clearly had the most significant market impact. We know that we are adding share when we look at customer accounts in that marketplace. But even when we go back, they've had three years of declining foodservice in terms of traffic count. So while it's stabilizing, and certainly, if you will, the decline has stabilized, they're still looking for the rebuild, which is coming in the future. I expect that business to continue to accelerate growth. They will rebuild at a fairly steady pace, which is what we've seen following other significant dips in Institutional growth rates. We're seeing that pattern, and all the things that we ought to be doing in that business, we're doing. We're after new accounts. We're driving in new innovations. We're working on penetration. I mean, all the stuff that we know is key to rebuilding the top line. And the team is doing a number of excellent things there. So I'm very confident that, that business will rebuild to the type of sales we expect.
Mark Gulley - Soleil Securities Group, Inc.: To make that happen, Doug, do you have to continue to add people? Or kind of following on some previous questions, are you really differentially adding people to high-growth areas, what you talked about in the slide deck, and maybe not so much in some of these low-growth areas?
Douglas Baker: Well, I mean, it's not even, meaning we are adding more significantly and investing more significantly in high-growth areas than we are in areas that aren't high growth. I would also say the high-growth areas are also self scale versus some of our other businesses. So those two things [ph] (34:14) in the high-growth arena. But with that said, in Institutional, we will make and continue to make very select investment. Because there are significant opportunities to grow that business in North America and in Europe as we move forward. So this isn't a case of that business doesn't get the investment. That business will get the right investment. There are a number of high potential share areas that we've identified that we're going after. We've increased the number of corporate account team in those areas. There's a pretty rich area in terms of regional accounts that we know we're going to get after. There's some very critical initiatives with large distributors that are really just starting to unveil. So there's a lot going on there. So they will get investment.
Mark Gulley - Soleil Securities Group, Inc.: And then finally, Michael, if you will, a sort of a housekeeping question. Built into your guidance, what kind of FX impact might we expect in the second half of the year?
Michael Monahan: We're looking for a negative $0.03.
Mark Gulley - Soleil Securities Group, Inc.: That's for the whole second half?
Michael Monahan: Yes, and we had a positive $0.03 in the first and we expect a negative $0.03 in the second.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Ridley-Lane from Merrill Lynch.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Healthcare sales, the H1N1 are up 7%. What are the internal revenue growth goals for healthcare and how quickly can you get back up to double-digit growth in that vertical?
Douglas Baker: Well, somebody answered what the internal growth goals are for healthcare, double-digit organically, right? And then on top of that, we will continue to look for smart acquisition target as we build that business. We would expect to be there, on a reported basis, early next year. I think if you look underneath, recall in the second half, we're going to still be going against a pretty inflated H1N1 purchase base last year. But the underlying metrics, the new initiatives that I highlighted in my opening comments are all making very good traction. That business continues to strengthen.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And maybe following on from your comment about certain geographies being subscale, what are the geographies where you would say you're the most subscale and would have the highest potential incremental operating margin from adding revenue?
Douglas Baker: Well, I'd say if you want a real broad comment, it would be -- AP and L.A. would be the regions that have the most subscale. But I would say, China, India, there's still significant upside in our Latin America business. And I would also say kind of other Asia, x Australia, New Zealand and Japan.
David Ridley-Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch: What was the raw material pricing change compared to last year?
Michael Monahan: A couple of cents.
Douglas Baker: $11 million year-on-year in Q2.
Operator: Our next question comes from Edward Yang from Oppenheimer.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Doug, just following up on that last question. Don't you have the most margin leverage in Europe?
Douglas Baker: Yes, but the question was about subscale. We aren't subscale in Europe. What we are is poor margins. And so Europe, it is really leveraging the scale that we've already built. So yes, Europe has got the most upside margin. But the question I was answering is, where does volume growth have the most benefit? And I would say in the regions that I identified. In Europe, the margin journey is really as we've laid out in the past. Leveraging the EBS system, getting after the pan-European supply chain system, which means there's huge money in transportation and warehousing. We know there's money in purchasing, and we know operating, if you will, our plants more efficiently. There's big SP&A upside as we stop running 33 independent companies and start leveraging the scale of the business and move forward, which is all the play on to start moving from the nearly 4% to 5% OI margins that we're at today on an annualized basis, up to the teens that we've talked about.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: And what was Apex's growth in the quarter and the penetration rates in the U.S.? And would you look to introduce Apex into Europe anytime?
Douglas Baker: Yes. Ultimately, we'll expand Apex technology globally. And we are finalizing, frankly, great manufacturing technology, which will allow us to do this very efficiently from a capital standpoint. And first, we're going to go to a different market, but Europe will get that technology in the near term. The growth rate was double-digit in Q2. Apex now represents over 25% of our warewash sales, machine warewash sales in North America. It continues to progress very well.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: And maybe a final modeling question for Mike. Interest expense has been pretty stable around $15 million a quarter, but your net debt is down sequentially, was down year-over-year as well. Any opportunities to get some interest expense leverage?
Michael Monahan: What do you mean by interest expense leverage, Ed?
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Well, your net debt is down, but the interest expense is remaining pretty stable. So is there any opportunities to get the effective rate of interest expense lower?
Michael Monahan: We just had $150 million of debt go short term, and it's due in February. So we'll be paying that down, and we've also been doing share repurchase as well.
Operator: Next question comes from John McNulty from Credit Suisse.
John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG: Mike, I think in your original comments on F&B, you would talk about maybe some pricing being a little bit weak there. Can you go through what's actually driving that?
Michael Monahan: Well, pricing was very strong, if you remember, through 2008 and 2009. And I was just saying that relative to those periods, pricing is flattish compared to very strong pricing that we had in those two years.
John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG: So it's not down, it's just not the usual robust pricing?
Michael Monahan: Just off a little bit. But it's flattish, off slightly.
John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG: And is there any competitive reason as to why that's the case? Or is it just tougher times or...
Douglas Baker: I would say it's principally because plastic went on a monster ride up and then down quite dramatically. So it's more to cost -- we're talking about down less than 1%, and we had substantial increases for three years prior to that. So over the period of time, we have held on to 90% of the pricing.
John McNulty - Crdit Suisse AG: And then with regard to cash use, I know you've been looking and you said late last year, you were looking to put capital to work in M&A, and we really haven't seen much. What should we be thinking about in terms of the second half of the year? Is it going to be kind of continued share repurchases? Or are the M&A opportunities going to open up do you think?
Douglas Baker: Well, the plan is that the M&A activity will be better in the second half than the first half, which is a pretty low mark. So I would say our expectation remains that we will have a successful year in M&A this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve McNeil from Jennison.
Steven McNeil: I wanted to talk a little bit about Europe and the investments you've made there. And it kind of seems like we're rounding the bases, so to speak, on and running towards home plate here. And I'm just wondering, as you indicated, you expect the EBIT momentum to develop here. I'm just wondering, as a company, I mean, Ecolab has traditionally delivered earnings growth around the 15% level, call it. I mean, are we potentially entering a period here where we could see earnings growth tick up to the 20% range plus as this momentum develops in Europe?
Douglas Baker: Well, I would say that our goal of 15% remains our goal. It's not a governor from that standpoint. However, I would say that's the target that I think we are comfortable talking about as we go forward. I would agree with you that we have reached a very important milestone in Europe in terms of having the rollout wave behind us. So that all the right now moving forward in Europe isn't about preparing new countries, isn't about worrying about what's next in terms of how do you prepare for the next rollout. It's about how do you capitalize on all the work that's already been done. And so from a mental standpoint, it is a huge milestone there. So we're excited about what that's going to bring. Last call, we said that our expectation is we would start seeing margin lift in Europe beginning in the fourth quarter. That remains our view, and that is what we will start seeing year-on-year margin lift as a result of this work, and then obviously continued margin lift for many years to come.
Richard O'Reilly - S&P Equity Research: And can you just remind us, the size of that business, I think, it's what, it's $800 million?
Michael Monahan: Europe?
Steven McNeil: Yes.
Douglas Baker: It's $1.8 billion.
Steven McNeil: So you basically have a...
Douglas Baker: And if you put Europe specifically, it's in the $1.6 range.
Steven McNeil: I just want to frame it and make sure I have it framed out correctly. So we're talking about a $1.6 billion business that today has 4%, 5% EBIT margin that you think it's to the teens over a period of time?
Douglas Baker: Yes. Absolutely.
Michael Monahan: Yes, we've said our goal is 13%, 14%.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Koort, Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I'm just curious, what do you think it would take to get back to that environment had for several years that you were generating 5% or 6% volume growth?
Douglas Baker: Well, I'll tell you that's exactly what's going on right now, is that we have split positive volume growth, following a year where we didn't have positive volume growth. So I think what we're doing is exactly what it takes to rebuild that kind of volume growth. As we have said, our goal for organic remains 6% to 8%. We expect the pricing environment going forward to be more like our historical pricing environment, which is one point. So it's going to take 5% to 6%, right, to get into that range. So it's new customers penetration, leveraging the other tools that we leveraged as we go forward. But we are starting to see positive movement in terms of volume.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And, Doug, I think I know the answer you'll give me but I want to ask anyway. Do you believe in Institutional, you're continuing to sustain or gain market share?
Douglas Baker: Absolutely. We know we are.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And I hear from folks that look at the lodging industry, just seeing that the trends there, I recognize there all coming from the abyss. But you've seen some momentum. So why haven't we seen a greater follow through or is that similar to your comment to the first question that you're cranking up the flywheel and that's on the horizon?
Douglas Baker: Yes, I think lodging, one year where you didn't -- lodging is moving in the right direction. We like the room demand. It's up. It's been business-travel led. It looks like RevPAR, which is important to our customers, revenue per occupied room, is going to be moving in the right direction as well, which is good news for us. But I think, if you look at room demand, we're back at like 2005 levels right now. In spite of that, we've grown this business this year and are moving in the right direction. But I would expect typically we lag, and I would expect that we would see continued improvement in lodging as the recovery unfolds.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rosemarie Morbelli of Ingalls & Snyder.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder LLC: Could you touch a little bit on Pest which has really been slowing down quite a bit this quarter is worse than any others. Could you give us a better feel as to why and has the competitive arena changed? And is that one of the reasons?
Douglas Baker: Yes, Rosemarie, Doug. Yes, clearly, Pest has been impacted by the market situation, probably more severely than some other businesses. I would say two things: One, we are a premium product, sometimes a victim of our own success, and that if you're successful with Pest Elimination, people start forgetting that there are cockroaches and rodents still there to pester them in the coming months. We have seen business that has fallen off come back. If we track our underlying metrics in that business, things like account retention, new contract growth, et cetera, all those things have started to swing to the positive. Our expectation is that we will start seeing sales growth in the second half this year, and that we will start rebuilding the sales line on this business as well.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder LLC: Any change in the competitive arena? Do you have to lower your price and not be as much of a premium product in order to regain some of that share?
Douglas Baker: I would say, Rosemarie, I don't think the competitive arena has changed, meaning there aren't new people doing new things or old people doing new things. I think people have had their positions staked out from a price standpoint. We are certainly re-crafting some programs and service level commitments and using those to gain new business. But I wouldn't say that's really a repricing phenomenon. We still plan to maintain our premium promise and premium price. Because frankly, that's the best value in the market.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder LLC: And then Doug, you mentioned that you were adding, you were still working on additional cost savings. Could you give us a better feel as to what you're doing now that you haven't been doing for the past two years? And where you stand in terms of reducing the number of SKUs?
Douglas Baker: Yes, SKUs, I'm going to have somebody dig up the exact number where we are. We have made huge progress in SKUs globally and by key region. In terms of initiatives, when we introduced Lean Six Sigma several years ago, so certainly they focused on unique initiatives simply as we move down the Pareto chart of opportunities, you end up focusing in different areas. If you want the big buckets for us, I mean clearly, the things that we staked out in Europe are huge opportunities. So we also, we know in U.S. have major share service opportunities, and we also have similar opportunities in AP and LA. The focus is going to be Europe first, North America second and these opportunities, and then we will start moving into AP and LA. The best way to drive margin in AP and LA right now is to through volume and through sales growth.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder LLC: Could you give us the losses for GCS?
Douglas Baker: Yes, GCS lost $1.2 million in the quarter and continues to show annual and sequential improvement.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder LLC: And are you still expecting to break even by the first quarter of next year?
Douglas Baker: The only thing between us and breakeven is more volume. So I'd say the most important metric to watch in GCS right now is how we're doing on the top line. We were down, I don't know, 3.5%, 4% in the first quarter and were up positive 1% in the second quarter. So we made directionally the right move in terms of generating sales growth. The business runs well, operates well, we've got the efficiency we are looking for. Now we've got to get the volume to go drive the OI performance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laurence Alexander from Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I guess, first question I wanted to ask was about your sales force compensation. I mean, a lot of the benefits that you've outlined in the past was ASP [ph] (53:30) has more to do with the SKUs and the logistics in the back office. Is there a chance over the next two years that you start looking at the sales force training and compensation schemes and look for ways to better align those with new growth targets?
Douglas Baker: Yes, I would say, there's been a couple of things happening simultaneously. We've been investing and moving bodies, if you will, into what we call key sales position. We have built corporate account teams in F&B and Institutional, where we had virtually none. We are doing similar things in terms of identifying the right corporate account teams to have in our Healthcare business as well there. We are looking at ways that we can reshape compensation. We're probably doing or further along in the Healthcare business. But certainly, the system will give us the transparency you need to drive the types of sales schemes that we run in the balance of the world effectively, i.e., paying comp per product, understanding what outs [ph] (54:38) are through distributors for their trade sales all the way through the system. We do not have those capabilities. We didn't have those capabilities until rolling out the system. Now we do have them. So that opens the door to many of the initiatives that we've already undertaken, say, in North America and other parts of the world.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And separately in Healthcare, as you've evaluated the past to market for the new business, I mean, are you looking at separating the consultative sales from the product sale?
Douglas Baker: I mean, I guess a simple answer is no, but it's probably somewhat nuanced. But I guess in Healthcare, importantly, what we're working on is making sure that we do the right job equipping our sales team with the information they need to effectively sell the programs that we put together. This is not unique to Healthcare. It's the work that we do in Institutional and F&B, in Food Retail, QSR, and we're also undertaking it in Healthcare. We have a number of great initiatives in Healthcare. They are moving the right direction. We are gaining traction. We're getting the yeses, we are installing these things. So all the trends and the movements in the right direction. If you get down to where we're separating the consultive part and the other part, I guess we are going to have a specific team that's going to handle some of the maintenance in hospitals that will be different from the team that is representing and doing the consultative service part of the growth. That's not completely unique to think that we do in other businesses. But that is going to happen in Healthcare.
Operator: Our next question comes from P.J. Juvekar from Citi.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc: Doug, can you explain how much investment did you make in installing the new European systems? What was the impact on the quarter?
Douglas Baker: Well, in the quarter, I mean, overall, I mean this system over several years was in the range of $200 million. Now that includes, obviously, all of our internal people, all the travel associated with it. But it's a sizable investment from a company standpoint. For the quarter, Q2, we had a step up from Q1 and $5 million in amortization. But probably the bigger piece of the expense was what I would call on the resultant inefficiencies that happen as you roll eight countries. That stuff dissipates fairly quickly, obviously, the amortization there until it runs out.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc: And how much of those inefficiencies? Just sort of ballpark number? I'm trying to understand the impact.
Douglas Baker: It's north of $5 million in the quarter.
Michael Monahan: It's the stuff that Doug referred to earlier, P.J., about backorders having to make two shipments to a customer rather than one, things like that.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc: Doug, you mentioned that room demand is back to 2005 levels. Over that time, if you look at U.S. margins, the U.S. margins are higher than what they were back in '05, and European margins are almost half of what they were in '05. Europe has been lagging for a couple of years. So can you talk about that sort of margin progression in the two continents?
Douglas Baker: Yes, I would say there's two key things driving Europe margin. One is what I will call a planned initiative called EBS. And we knew that while you're building this and laying on a second system on top of the historic or legacy system, that you are going to have margin erosion as a result of this. Because you can't turn off the old system until the new system's running. So that has obviously been a significant impact. Coupled with that, we also did a number of things that we talked about which we said would have an impact on OI margin but a benefit in NI margin, which was increased costs associated with putting together a principal company model. That also, if you will, had margin impact. And then the other is we have a different competitive environment, and we had raw materials rising, and it's taking us longer to recoup, if you will, raw material price increases in Europe than it did in North America and some of our other regions given just the market dynamics to go on. Those are the same market dynamics which lead us to guide you to say, while there's significant upside in our margin in Europe, say to the 13%, 14% range, it is still going to have a significant delta versus North American markets. So those factors, but we're quite confident in our ability to start driving this margin up.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc: I mean, that 13% to 14% margin goal, is that realistic? I mean, you've never been consistently that high for any period of time in Europe.
Douglas Baker: Well, yes, well look, I guess I wouldn't give you that number if I didn't think it is was realistic. So we believe it's realistic. We have very clear plans. We've run that business. We run AP and LA in double digits. They've got absolutely no scale in those regions at this point in time versus what we have in North America and Europe. So I think we've got a very clear path. A big hunk of this is frankly, money that we spend inefficiently by running a bunch of discrete product supply systems versus leveraging them efficiently.
Michael Monahan: P.J., part of the reason they weren't that high before is just the reasons we did this because you had a very complex system that did not allow you to see transparency and operate that business with a $1.6 billion, $1.8 billion worth of scale, and since we were operating basically 27 different entities. And so, again, part of the reason we never got it before is just the reason that we did it. So that's why we see the opportunity to get margins like that. And as we look across the rest of the world, we can see what the margin potential is so we can hypothecate to what we think we should be able to get out of Europe.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc: So you're saying that during the system change you got hit with the recession which is what crushed the margins?
Douglas Baker: I would say I think the margins dropped for several reasons. Yes, certainly the economic crisis wasn't planned for, it didn't help. But I would say, you would've seen margin erosion during this period even if the economy had maintained its same pace simply because you had, one, we're layering on a duplicate system. You got to put in the system two before you can take out system one. That's extra cost. There's just no way around it. And second, as I said, we did see raw material inflation quite dramatic over the whole company, and it impacts us differently by region. In Europe, it takes longer for us to recover that margin loss than it does in other regions because of the competitive environment. We are recovering it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dmitry Silversteyn from Longbow Research.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: If you look at the sequential margins in the International business, they've improved quite a bit. Was that the result of the ERP going live and some of the duplicate cost beginning to come out? Or was it just a sequential volume improvement or pricing versus raw material?
Douglas Baker: Dmitry, are you looking at first quarter to second quarter?
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Yes, I mean, there was better than a two point improvement in sequential margin.
Michael Monahan: Normal season that are looking right [ph] (1:03:04) but I thought there were enough headwinds to keep it a little bit more subdued this time around.
Douglas Baker: It's principally volume driven.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: But you really didn't see any costs starting to come out of the ERP? That's all going to be in the second half.
Douglas Baker: Yes, because as I said, it's really starting fourth quarter into next year is when you're going to start seeing those benefits. So no, that's not in that. In fact, what I would say is there's extra cost in the second quarter as a result of the ERP not cost out yet.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: You talked about the GCS profitability or loss improving to $1.2 million on the operating profit line. You're starting to see sporadic volume growth there. You talked about needing to see revenues to leverage the cost investments that you've made in that business. As you look out towards the second half of the year, and I know we've been through this, I think going back to 2008 when you were first supposed to turn profitable or at least break even in this business. Given the last couple of years as we were at this point, how confident are you that you're going to be in fact being able to get this business to at least a breakeven by the end of the year?
Douglas Baker: I don't know, Dmitry, that. We aren't saying that this business will be breakeven by the end of this year. I would make a couple of comments, though. One, this business is not losing cash. It's been generating positive cash for the last several years and continues to. And as we move forward, what we've got is a one-front war which is a, as you pointed out, a volume issue. As we grow this business, I mean, the thing that's standing in the way is we've got to get the appropriate level of sales on top of this infrastructure to make money. That's what it's going to take. And we don't believe we're going to have enough volume by year end to get us to breakeven. However, the path is very clear. It's not sucking up resources corporately. I mean, right now, I'd say we've got an upside chip to play that didn't cost us any money to play it.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Do you get a sense in the market that there's some momentum building out behind that business in terms of customers asking for it or how receptive they are to getting bids and actually following through and then signing contracts with you? And have you reached out to the manufacturers. I remember at one point that there was a possibility as well of becoming kind of a registered rep for the manufacturers as well?
Douglas Baker: Yes, I would say, I don't want to -- I guess, I would say it this way. We're happy that we have seen a quarter-to-quarter improvement in the sales growth trend. I guess, I don't want to overplay a 1% growth. It's better than a 3% or 4% decline, but it's not the level of growth that we expect or need from this business long term. We expect this to continue to move forward. But right now, I would call the environment better than last year, but not quite as good, right, in terms of the Foodservice environment it's playing in. But we expect the environment to also steadily improve, which has been a consistent forecast from us for a while now.
Michael Monahan: And Dmitry, we're selling a different way doing kitchen equipment repair to our customers. So it's obviously, you have to do some missionary selling on that and in this environment, as you commit, it's not the most ideal environment. So we think we're making good progress there as we've seen with the sales and the operating profitability for the business over the last few quarters. And we think that's going to continue as we go forward and continue to make more progress and as the environment gets better, it should continue to also get better.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: Question on raw material and pricing, there was a little bit of a pricing down draft in this quarter. I think, Doug, you said there was -- you were giving up some pricing as plastic prices come down. Where are you in terms of kind of the trend curves with respect to pricing raw materials? Have you basically anniversaried the price increases that you've gotten in 2009 and now you're looking at giving up maybe a percentage or two of pricing? And what are raw materials doing to you in the second half of the year?
Douglas Baker: Yes, so first on price. We're specifically talking about F&B, and it was a global conversation for Food & Beverage. In total, our price for Ecolab was positive in Q2, it would round up to a point, about what we've been talking about. But obviously, if you go into some businesses, you're going to have different answers in different businesses. But in total, we were up about a percent. In terms of -- and we expect that that's going to be the answer for the foreseeable future. That's probably the best thing to model. Raw materials, they were favorable year-on-year. But basically, this an annualization impact. Raw materials have really been relatively flat for the year, if you will, about the price coming in this year, about what we're paying now and what we expect to pay for the balance of the year. So really the deltas that we're talking about are because last year was a very different story quarter-to-quarter. This year, it's a fairly benign story quarter-to-quarter.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: And then final question in Vehicle Care, I mean, this business has been struggling going back to, and I think 2007 was the last time you guys had a positive revenue number there. Kind of what's the future -- I mean, what's the future of that business? I mean, we're seeing miles driven, higher year-over-year in the first half of this year, and anything that seems to be associated with or in some way related to miles driven and within other companies, businesses seems to be doing well. What is it about Vehicle Care that is causing this business to continue to lose revenue and see revenues decline going into the fourth year now?
Douglas Baker: I would say, fundamentally, car washes are down quite dramatically in total, right across the industry. And so, one of the places that people have chosen to economize is that they're either not washing their car or they're choosing to do it in their driveway with a garden hose. They're not driving through traditional car washes. Those counts are down double-digit and have been for a while. So this is one of the consumer areas that have been impacted quite dramatically. I mean, that's what's going on in that business right now.
Michael Monahan: But Dmitry, I mean, that business is still making money. It's got a good profit margin, so it's not like this is a big drag on the bottom line.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC: I understand that, Mike, but Ecolab has not become the company that it's become by investing in such businesses, or by investing in businesses that have long-term negative growth trends. So I'm just wondering, strategically or philosophically, how this business fits with what you guys doing.
Douglas Baker: Yes, well, I don't know what to say, Dmitry. It's a business under pressure right now on the top line, principally market-driven. We're not going to offset that. That's the plan. So the plan is to go fix the business as it is right now, and that's it.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Roberts from Buckingham Research.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Associations: At the National Restaurant Association meeting you had a private showing for some what looked like significant new products. Did any of them make it out of the -- into commercialization in the last couple of months? I know it's kind of early, but some of them were near term compared to others.
Douglas Baker: Yes, several of them are in what I would call a quiet launch, and Some of it is because we're building capacity capability. But I would say that they have done quite well, and we're using them with some very strategic customers in terms of building what I would say is long-term capability.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Associations: Then, secondly, and this may be a stretch. But here in Manhattan, we've had some bedbug outbreaks at retailers, clothing retailers. We've had it in some office buildings. These are not your traditional markets, Pest Elimination, you don't serve apparel retailers very often. But is this a tip of the iceberg kind of -- do your epidemiologists or your guys in your insect control areas think they live in clothes and things like that and that there's something more to this?
Douglas Baker: Well, you'll have to ask them specifically. But I would say, if bedbugs are absolutely resurgent, they are going to become much, much wider spread throughout society. And so, that's the nature of the little beast, right? That's the way it was in the '30s. And frankly, throughout human history, they went away for a period of time. Most people point to DDT as a thing that unintentionally, it was for a different purpose, knocked down the bedbug population. DDT's been banned to save the eagle and fish and the rest and we have bedbugs back, and this is a theory. So yes, they're going to be widespread. We aren't going to be chasing the Retail business, but people are going to find them in homes and other places, I would say we have a very good competency and a unique competency in bedbugs. Plenty other people promise that they can take care of them too.
Michael Monahan: It's one of the growing areas of pest, John. As we've mentioned we've got new technology which is highly effective and substantially cuts down the amount of time that our customers need to clean them out. So it's a good area of growth for us, unfortunately.
Douglas Baker: Think of them as mosquitoes without wings, it makes you feel better.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Harrison from First Analysis.
Michael Harrison - First Analysis: On the F&B business, can you give us a more details on the trends that you're seeing in dairy, agri and meat and poultry. You mentioned they were soft right now. When are you expecting to see improvement? And what kind of drivers or metrics do you look at?
Douglas Baker: Yes, a lot of these segments, and obviously, it's somewhat different by region of the world. But they're fairly flat right now. I would say long term, F&B, the macro trends, that business globally is performing exceedingly well, right. And this business shifts around. I think our F&B business, what that team is doing, how we're moving in terms of innovation, I'm very bullish on the F&B business. And so well, we're going to go through these trends. Long term, there's going to be more mouths to feed. They're shifting to protein, which means they're going to need even more calories than they do to date per mouth, as we go forward. We like the macro trends in this business, and we like our position. But we're going to go through dairy's hot, dairy's cold, people are going to shift protein sources. But I don't think that's going to be the big story long term.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Associations: And just in terms of Canada, I know there was a tough prior year comp. But any further detail on what happened there this quarter? And what's going to get things do better in the second half?
Douglas Baker: Well, mainly it was the last year comp on H1N1, and this year, the Canadian government basically put a freeze on all hand sanitizer. They run the healthcare system because they had a large inventory stockpile. So it's really kind of a quarter start.
Operator: Now I will turn the call back to Mr. Monahan for closing remarks.
Michael Monahan: Well, that's the end of our call. So thanks everyone for participating today and have a good day and rest of the week. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-27 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Ecolab, Inc. first quarter 2010 earnings release conference call. (Operator Instructions) Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Michael Monahan, Vice President, External Relations.
Michael Monahan: Hello everyone and welcome to Ecolabs first quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolabs Chairman, President and CEO. A copy of our earnings release and the slides referenced in this teleconference are available on Ecolabs website at Ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statement on Slide 2 stating this teleconference and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Form 10-K under item 1A, risk factors, in our first quarter earnings release and in Slide 1. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted per share information that is also in the release. Starting with Slides 3 and 4, we delivered strong earnings results and sequentially stronger sales growth in the first quarter despite generally challenging market conditions as we aggressively drove new account gains, sales of new products and benefited from favorable delivered product costs and cost reductions to drive improved margins. Looking ahead, we raised our forecasted EPS range for 2010 as we expect outperforming our gradually improving markets and deliver superior growth once again in 2010. Starting with some highlights from the quarter, reported first quarter earnings per share were up 67% to $0.40. On an adjusted basis, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items from both years, first quarter 2010 earnings per share increased 24% to $0.41. The adjusted earnings per share growth was driven by better volume, new products, new account gains, pricing, favorable delivered product costs and cost savings which more than offset higher operating costs and continued investments in our business. Looking ahead, our U.S. and European food service markets appear to be starting a slow recovery. Lodging room demand has increased and is showing recovering trends worldwide. Food and Beverage and Health care are seeing steady growth trends, and we continue to see good growth across all market segments in our Asia Pacific and Latin America businesses. We continue to be aggressive, focusing on top line growth as we emphasize our innovative products and service strength to help drive market share growth in our core businesses and deliver new account acquisition among our national, regional and independent prospects, and we are making significant investments in key growth businesses to drive future growth. We also remain focused on cost savings emphasizing productivity and efficiency improvements to help increase margins. We expect to show another quarter of sequential sales growth improvement in the second quarter with adjusted EPS increasing 8% to 14% to the $0.54 to $0.57 range compared with an adjusted EPS of $0.50 in the second quarter in 2009. We raised our forecasted range for 2010. We now look for a double digit EPS growth in 2010 with adjusted EPS in the range of $2.21 to $2.26 per share, representing an 11% to 14% gain over last year. In summary, we expect 2010 to reflect yet another strong performance for Ecolab as the aggressive sales efforts to gain new accounts and achieve better sales penetration along with improved efficiency and cost savings to again deliver attractive growth and shareholder returns. Turning to the details show in Slide 5, Ecolabs reported consolidated sales for the first quarter increased 6%. Looking at the components, volume and mix increased 1%, pricing was up 1%, and currency benefited sales by 4%. Slide 6 includes sales growth by segment and division. Sales for U.S. cleaning and sanitizing operations rose 2%. Institutional sales improved, rising 1%. New account gains and new products benefited the first quarter sales. We continue to outperform soft consumption from food service and lodging in the first quarter. While still in the early stages, we believe the markets and our customers have an improving tone to their business, and we continue to expect gradual improvement and demand through 2010. We remain focused on driving sales using innovative products and wear washing, laundry and housekeeping that provide superior performance while delivering water, energy and labor savings for customers. We are also targeting independent accounts and regional chains with additional and redeployed sales people and programs. These actions have resulted in good new account gains and we are continuing our efforts to drive more sales and margin growth. We expect these aggressive sales efforts, investments in our sales team, and new accounts to help us continue to outperform our markets in the second quarter and the year. Kay first quarter sales grew 13% led by strong growth from both QSR and food retail. We enjoyed good demand from existing and new fast food chain accounts. The food retail business also showed continued good sales growth driven by new account wins. New products and programs like the introduction of Scrub N Go, the floor cleaner for QSR restaurants bolstered Kays results. We expect these initiatives along with continued good new account growth to help drive strong gains in Caves second quarter. Textile Care Sales were up 1% as customer gains, new product launches and additional sales with existing customers offset continued weak industry conditions. Ecolab is focused on innovative products and services, operational savings and service excellence to bolter results. With industry conditions remaining weak, we look for sales to remain flattish in the second quarter. As expected, Heath Care sales were impacted by the reduced concerning H1N1 and the associated decline in demand for H1N1 sanitizing products. Sales were down 1% in the quarter. Excluding the H1N1 impact, and a small acquisition, sales would have increased 6%. Continued growth in skin care products and equipment drapes led the results. During the quarter, we launched several new products including a new line of Central sterile solid products as well as a program for patient room cleaning. Looking ahead, second quarter sales are expected to improve as H1N1 inventories stabilize. Food and beverage sales were flat. Sales grew in the food and beverage markets as corporate account wins and new products offset soft results in dairy, agri and meat and poultry. In the second quarter of 2010, food and beverage will continue to focus on new account acquisition and new product sales. However, the slow markets and softer pricing when compared to last year are expected to yield flat sales. Eco Care sales decreased 10%. The division remains focused on new, more sustainable products and operational cost savings programs to gain efficiency and cost efficiency programs to gain new accounts. However, these efforts were more than offset by weak market demand. We expect current growth efforts to benefit second quarter and look for improving trends in vehicle care. Sales for U.S. other services decreased 2% in the first quarter. Test elimination sales were off 2% in the quarter as gains in fast food and food and beverage plant markets were offset by slow conditions in restaurants and lodging. We continue to develop new products and program solutions to better serve customer needs in the current environment. For example, we recently introduced a new Bed Bug program that reduces room downtime for treatment cycles, and thereby helps to lower customers total costs. We also recently introduced our first EPA exempt pesticide, which poses a minimum risk to humans and the environment, yet still provides an average kill time for common cockroaches of less than five minutes compared with eight hours for other liquid applications. Both have enjoyed a good start. We are working on other programs to provide improved service, efficacy and efficiency. We continue to target specific growth markets like food and beverage processing to improve our service delivery and are working to build contract growth. We expect these efforts to help offset the soft economy and yield improvement in the second quarter. GCS sales also showed signs of stabilizing as they decreased a modest 3% in the quarter. Once again, profitability improved substantially over the last year and the fourth quarter. New account wins were offset in the first quarter by the impact of slow food service business conditions and by general market weakness, especially among independent accounts. Despite the lower sales volume, GCS profitability was substantially better as we continue to see productivity and efficiency improvement throughout the business. The sales pipeline is improving and chain customer interest remains good. We are using some of the improvement in profitability to invest in regional sales force additions to drive future growth and have seen account wins resulting from that investment. Looking into the second quarter, we expect sales to be flattish compared to the prior year with better profitability. Longer term, further significant profit improvement for GCS will depend on improved volume gains as well as continued productivity and efficiency improvements. Measured in six currencies, international sales increased 2%. Europe, Middle East and Africa sales declined 1% in the first quarter at fixed currency rates. Europes institutional sales were off slightly. Food service appears to be stabilizing in most European countries, but we have not yet seen a return to growth. On the other hand, lodging demand has picked up. Focused sales efforts targeting new business with regional and local customers and new products, helped drive new account gains in a soft economy. Food and beverage sales were flat, reflecting reduced beverage consumption and plant consolidation. The business continues to focus on new customer growth, emphasizing cost savings benefits of our leading products like Dry X and Watercare. Textile Care sales declined reflecting reduces volumes from central laundries and lower equipment sales. Europes health care sales increased modestly despite reduced demand for H1N1 product, as concerns about the potential pandemic abated. Europes sales were off slightly, however we continue to improve operations and drive profitability. Europes business information systems platform work is nearly complete. At this point, we now have the critical mass and the tools with which we can begin to work job costs and complexity to drive faster sales growth and higher margins. While we expect to realize sales growth and margin improvement from Europe as we exit 2010, we look for more significant improvement in the following years as the range of growth and profitability actions we will be taking begin to take effect. We expect new account focus and recovering business trends to result in sales improvement in Europes second quarter sales. Asia Pacific sales grew 10% in fixed currency as recovery in the region accelerates. Institutional sales showed a good gain with growth strengthening as occupancy levels improve and economys recovery. Food and beverage sales enjoyed strong growth. Both the beverage and brewing sectors continued to grow, benefiting from increased product penetration and account gains. Looking ahead, Asia Pacific expects good sales growth in the second quarter reflecting recent account wins and better markets. The first quarter sales for Ecolabs Canadian operations increased 8% over last year in fixed currencies. Institutional showed a good increase as we leverage our strengthened distributor partnerships. Food and beverage and vehicle care recorded strong gains delivered by new account gains. Health care sales growth slowed, reflecting the decline in H1N1 demand. We expect continued good growth in the second quarter for Canada. Latin America reported a solid sales gain rising 6% in fixed currencies as all divisions in that region increased. Institutional growth was driven by new accounts, increased product penetration and continued success with global and regional accounts. Food and beverage sales reflected good demand in the beverage and brewing markets as well as the benefits of new accounts. Pest elimination showed continued good growth. Overall, we expect attractive growth trends to continue in Latin America with another solid gain in the second quarter. Turning to margin on the income statement, in Slide 7 of our presentation, first quarter gross margins continued their recovery, increasing 250 basis points to 50% compared with 47.5% last year. The increase was driven by volume gains, pricing, improved delivered products costs and favorable comparisons against 2009 which included a restructuring charge. SG&A expenses were 39% of sales, 70 basis points above last year. The increase in the SG&A ratio was due to continued investments in our business and systems, and other increases which more than offset cost savings actions and leverage from sales gains. Operating income for Ecolabs U.S. Cleaning and Sanitizing segment increased 11%. Margins expanded by 140 basis points. The increase was driven by volume gains and favorable delivered product cost which more than offset cost increases. Operating income for U.S. other services grew 11%. Margins expanded by 160 basis points over last year driven by pricing and cost savings actions. International fixed currency operating income increased 46%. Volume gains and favorable delivered product cost more than offset additional pension and systems amortization costs as well as people investments in growth areas, especially in Asia Pacific and Latin America. The Corporate segment and tax rate are discussed in the press release. We repurchased 3.3 million shares during the first quarter. The business performance is that Ecolab reported diluted earnings per share was $0.40 compared with $0.24 reported a year ago. When adjusted for special gains and charges, and discrete tax items in both years, adjusted earnings increased 24% to $0.41 when compared with $0.33 earned a year ago. Turning to Slide 8, Ecolabs balance sheet and cash flow remains strong. Total debt to capital was 36% at March 31 compared with 43% reported a year ago. Our net debt at March 31 was 33%. Looking ahead, we expect continued gradual improvements in our key end markets in 2010. Against that backdrop, we are taking appropriate actions to drive both our top and bottom lines. As outlined in Slide 9, we will continue to drive new account and market share growth using our product and service strengths that combine to help customers reduce their costs and improve their efficiency. We will continue to focus on investment in growth businesses like health care, global pest, China and Latin America as well as new products and acquisitions to accelerate the top line, and we will expand our sales and service force and invest in their field technology to make them more productive. We expect fixed currency sales to rise in the low to mid single digit range in 2010 and look for gross margins to show good improvement. SG&A will reflect the investments we are making in our sales force and systems. Corporate expense should moderate slightly as we near completion of the systems implementation in Europe. Interest expense is expected to be comparable to 2009 and the tax rate is forecast to be in the 30% to 31% range. We raised our forecast range and outlook for full  year adjusted diluted earnings per share to increase 11% to 14% and be in the $2.21 to $2.26 range in 2010. Looking at the second quarter 2010, we expect another quarter of sequential sales growth improvement and look for low single digit year on year fixed currency sales increase as new account gains more than offset continued challenging food service market conditions. We look for international sales to lead the growth at fixed currency rates as good growth from Canada, Latin America and Asia Pacific are offset by modest sales gains in Europe. Gross margin should increase. Our growth investments in sales firepower technology will be reflected in a  higher SG&A ratio versus last year. SG&A will also compare against the second quarter last year when we aggressively cut costs and implement restructuring that significantly reduced that quarters SG&A expense. The press release includes line item forecasts of our second quarter P&L. Net, we expect adjusted diluted earnings per share for the second quarter excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items to increased 8% to 14% to the $0.54 to $0.57 range compared with adjusted earnings per share of $0.50 earned a year ago. In summary, as noted on Slide 10, we had an excellent first quarter and delivered above our forecast while still investing in our future. We continue to look for a solid second quarter gain and expect to deliver double-digit EPS growth for the full year 2010, reflecting gradually improving markets and reduced downside risk. A final note, we will hold a tour of our booth for the professional investors at the National Restaurant Association Show in Chicago on May 24. If you have an interest in attending, or any questions about it, please contact me or Nicole in my office. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, please begin the question and answer period.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Nathan Brochmann  William Blair.
Nathan Brochmann: I wanted to talk a little bit specifically in terms of the additional growth that youre seeing in some of the other regions and Asia, Canada and Latin America. You talked about some of the individual segments there, but is there anything that youre doing different in those regions to spur any growth or is it more on the macro side?
Douglas Baker: I would say the answer to that I think is a little of both. Certainly those markets have been performing better than U.S. and Europe. At the same time, as we started talking last year, we have invested in additional corporate account selling capacity in each of those regions in both F&B and institutional, and I would also say that we are picking up share there too.
Nathan Brochmann: Along with that question, do you think Europe gets going in a better economic position and we get the full system in place, that its possible maybe not to see those same magnitude of increases but to see more substantial growth kind of similar to that?
Douglas Baker: I dont think Europe is going to have the same macro trends lifting it that youre going to see in northeast Asia or Latin America obviously, but we expect Europe sales growth to be meaningful. We think we can get it back to mid single digits and well start arguing whats up from there. But we think thats realistic. At the level, with the work that weve done, we believe we will have a very healthy business in Europe.
Nathan Brochmann: I also wanted to talk a little bit in terms of pricing, what youre seeing in general in terms of the ability to push through some pricing going forward for the remainder of the year.
Douglas Baker: Our view on price is pretty much as it was in the last call which is we expect to be more in the normalized or historic range of about 1% going forward. We think thats the type of environment were in. Id also point out that pricing isnt either the principal or sole way that we drive gross profit. A lot of it is by introducing new technology which has both enhanced benefits for customers as well as margin benefits for us, and that has been our traditional tool for driving margin, particularly environments like the one were in.
Operator: You're next question comes from Andrea Wirth  Robert W. Baird.
Andrea Wirth: I wonder if you could address just Europe a little bit more in terms of the ERP system being pretty well completed towards the end of this year. Where do you start first? Youve identified a lot of complexity and essentially where do the savings start coming first specifically and how do we evaluate what the risk profile of those next moves are going to be for the business?
Douglas Baker: I would say first of all, we are done with the waves in terms of SAP or ERP roll out in Europe at this point in time and have the system in place as was originally foreseen when we started this initiative. We are still stabilizing the last wave, but it went quite well. So the great news is, here on forward, all the steps were taking are improving the business from here. So focus areas, I would say the first is, there is incremental costs that you layer on simply to roll this out, and we are going to work to take those out first. You have incremental shipping costs. You have incremental temporary head count costs as you go through this and you lose productivity temporarily in the back office and other parts of the business. So thats priority one. The next priority is getting after supply chain efficiency. One, weve got transparency on purchases across the continent, making sure were buying at the best possible price, and then it is adjusting inventories, working out our warehouse, distribution etc. and making sure that we capitalize on all of those gains. Obviously weve always talked that we want to continually drive more of our investment in Europe toward sales and towards acquiring new accounts so were looking at then shifting and balancing our SG&A so that weve got increased sales capability and spend less on G&A over the long haul. That will be the next wave. During all of this, we continue to invest in top line productivity. We have much more clarity as to whats going in our business now that we have this system up. Forever, we had very limited sales data, very limited customer profitability data, very limited data as to what products were penetrated where in terms of customers. So weve got a lot more data to go run this business successfully, like we run the business in other regions. So were excited about the potential, and now its about unleashing it.
Andrea Wirth: On raw materials, I wonder if you could quantify more specifically what the actual raw material benefit was in the quarter and how do we think about raw materials going forward? I think prices on plastic and I think phosphates as well have been starting to creep up a little bit, so when does that potentially start becoming a headwind for you.
Douglas Baker: Year on year its about $20 million, but remember last year is a very high point so a lot of the comparison to a very high base. I guess we expect to have some raw material inflation in our business, but theres a bit of a natural hedge that will ultimately come out. We have a modest recovery in our forecast and if the recovery is more bullish, its going to push raw material prices up probably more aggressively than we have forecast, but that would be a trade wed be very willing to take.
Andrea Wirth: Whats your FX impact assumption on an EPS basis for your full year guidance? I believe it was roughly neutral previously, so just wondering if thats changed at all?
Douglas Baker: I think its $0.02% for the year.
Operator: You're next question comes from David Ridley-Lane  Bank of America.
David Ridley-Lane: I had a question on sales growth and the head count there. Can you give us an update on your 2010 plans and what particular areas youre most focusing on and where you can drive growth.
Douglas Baker: Our plan is still to add significantly to the sales headcount and the plan for the year is in the 300 range of additional heads which is going to be in the 3% to 4%, range.
Operator: You're next question comes from P J Juvikar  Citi.
P J Juvikar: Your international margins were up year over year but were down sequentially. I was wondering if you could add some color on why they were down sequentially. Was it raw materials that came in the picture?
Douglas Baker: Its principally just seasonality. First quarter and particularity for our international operation, we run international operations a quarter ahead, so their first quarter is December through February, and December/January are seasonally low months. We like our margin progression.
P J Juvikar: Do you provide the same level of service internationally as you do in the U.S. and do you think there should be a different service package internationally?
Douglas Baker: I would say of course that depends, but broadly, if we are talking to global players, the answer is yes, we do supply the same level of service. We certainly have the same level of capability internationally. There are some sub segments that we serve in certain markets that require different levels of service, but by and large, if youre going to look at the food and beverage or institutional, hotels, etc. we supply the same level of service.
P J Juvikar: On the institutional sales, you were up only 1% in sales despite easy comps. Given the increase in foot traffic at restaurants and hotel occupancy, we would have thought that you got better leverage on sales. Can you talk about whats holding that growth back?
Douglas Baker: I would say two things. We always want more growth too. I guess my view on it is, a couple. One, the first quarter is going to be the hardest comp we have for this year. The business last year sequentially went down. If you look at foot traffic, it still remains negative in food service in the first quarter. So I would say the improvement you saw really wasnt market driven, but was performance driven. We no longer have a declining or sinking market. We have a stable market by and large, and youre starting to see the impact of the new customers that we picked up. As the recovery unfolds, food service tends to be a laggard, but we also expect to pick up business as the market picks up, which includes better penetration, more robust consumption across the line, inventory and all the other things that happen as things recover. But thats later.
Operator: You're next question comes from Lawrence Alexander  Jefferies & Co.
Lawrence Alexander: Can you give us an update on what youre seeing in terms of M&A? Most polls are starting to come down towards the levels that youd be more interested in?
Douglas Baker: I dont know about broadly. I would say we feel very good about our specific pipeline and I dont know if its the exception or not, but feel like were going to have a successful year in M&A which means by default, we are going to buy businesses where we think the price is out of line, so we think we will successfully come to conclusion, meaning, meet eye to eye on price.
Lawrence Alexander: A couple of markets, on the dairy and food and beverage side, can you talk a little bit about how youre thinking about those businesses over the next two to three years and also are there any businesses within the portfolio where you feel they just really dont fit at this point?
Douglas Baker: Thats a trick question. In dairy and the food markets, those markets are fairly steady growth markets and you look at the long term macro trends, we like those markets a lot. Were doing a lot of work in that space around water and energy specifically because we believe its a great way to further leverage our position which is quite significant in that industry, and help our customers who will also by the way, grow our sales there quite handily. So we view that market as very promising in terms of its long-term potential for the company. In terms of the portfolio I would say we are overall quite happy with our portfolio and until somethings announced, I think thats the standard. But if you look at it, by and large, we think it matches up quite well with the long-term track.
Lawrence Alexander: As you think about the energy and water markets, I know in the past youve tried to establish a review of your strategy in those areas. Should we be thinking about this as something that will be a multi-year process or is there an inflection point where you have a clear strategy and then its a matter of trying to execute it and benchmark against particular targets?
Douglas Baker: I think it will be multi-year, but I think the later is probably how were going after it. Weve been on a pretty extensive review of how we want to go after this market and have what I would call a very good blueprint right now and were flushing it out, but its something thats going to take a period of time to fully realize because its a big ambitious and I think pretty significant plan.
Operator: You're next question comes from John McNulty  Credit Suisse.
John McNulty: At the beginning of 2010 when you gave guidance, you had a couple projections for some of your end markets like food service in the U.S. being down 1%, lodging being up 3%. Now that youre a quarter in and it looks like the consumer may be coming back a little bit, do you have an update as to what youre looking for in some of these end markets?
Douglas Baker: The quick line would be lodging which is about 10% of our sales is doing better than we projected at the last call. Clearly room demand is higher, and this is really a global story. So lodging has bounced back faster. I would say food service by and large we had right which had kind of a stabilization toward the end of the year. We would expect to see traffic in others move to the positive and thats consistent frankly with most of the third party projections as well.
John McNulty: With regard to Europe, can you give us an update as to what the actual margins were for the quarter?
Michael Monahan: Europe ran a very small loss.
John McNulty: If I remember correctly, you had a pilot program going on with two large hospitals for your health care platform. Can you give us an update as to what youre seeing and when that might come to a close?
Michael Monahan: That was part of our beta testing for what became the Encompass program and weve got two of the hospitals which weve got, I think were very near a contract. Another one is evaluating it. So I think were pretty close on those. But that was a beta test Encompass program which has rolled out in the first quarter. A rich pipeline of Encompass in test right now.
Operator: You're next question comes from Mark Gulley  Soleil Securities.
Mark Gulley: Back to lodging versus restaurant, can you give us a feel for how historically has the restaurant business lagged a recovery in the lodging side?
Douglas Baker: I dont know that I have a specific answer there. There one thing I would say is, I dont know if theres any great past history that will indicate how we will come out of this particular recession. What I would say is, restaurants typically lag in terms of coming out of economic challenges. I would say the lodging bounce back, obviously surprised us in its intensity. I think it also surprised some of the lodging players. So business travel has really been whats been driving the lodging recovery. It has bounced back and obviously business travel, but the larger percent of the lodging market than it does the overall food service market. So consumers going to have to keep getting strong and remain strong for the food service market to fully recover.
Mark Gulley: The NRA show is about a month from now. Would you care to give us a bit of a preview of some of the key things youll be highlighting on the floor at that time?
Douglas Baker: Weve got a couple of new initiatives which are going to be showcased in terms of most innovative new idea over there. We will unveil those at the show. But theres going to be a lot of show casing the technology that we have that we think is particularly relevant in these environments. So while we do expect modest recovery and improvement in our customers underlying business, theyre still going to be very focused on do they both get great food safety results and do it cost effectively, and we think weve got very good stories along those lines, and thats the stuff were going to be highlighting.
Operator: You're next question comes from Michael Harrison  First Analysis Group.
Michael Harrison: I was wondering if you could help me understand why health care sales are declining year over year given the expected top line synergies that you talked about when you bought Microtech and youve done a couple other small acquisitions since then. Youve rolled out new cleaning and sanitizing program offerings. I think Mike mentioned that you saw H1N1 boost last year. I dont think anyone had ever heard of H1N1 in Q1 of 09, so I dont really see how that could be a year over year head wind or tough comp. So  help me understand this negative 1% number.
Douglas Baker: Youre right. H1N1 was not part of the story last year in Q1. H1N1 impact this year was the trade reduced high inventories by not purchasing virtually any of these products for a period of time in the first quarter because the inventories had become inflated in the fall during the H1N1 peak. So thats the adjustment impact were talking about. Its not going against a base. It is really distributor inventory take down during the first quarter. Thats largely behind us. Its very easy to pinpoint that. The health care business was in the mid single digits when you take out that impact. We expect it to perform around mid single digits next month without H1N1 in terms of reported number and will be back to high single digits possibly double digits in the second half, even though it will be going against tough comp in the second half, because thats when H1N1 inventory build and consumption was at its peak. The business, all the fundamentals, the new customer work, the innovation, all that is on track, so were just going through a little adjustment period and we feel very good about the future of our health care business this year.
Michael Harrison: In food and beverage, are we still seeing year over year negative impact related to [Ecovation] or has that turned positive year over year?
Douglas Baker: They were down 5%, up in the later part of the quarter. Down 5% for the quarter, but that wasnt a real material story.
Michael Harrison: If you excluded [Ecovation] though, you might have been up a percent in food and beverage?
Douglas Baker: Diminuous.
Michael Harrison: I was wondering if you could talk on pest elimination. Are those services something that lodging customers will cut back on when times get tough similar to what you see in food service? And in that context, what sort of improvement might you be expecting from pest elimination services to lodging customers and what kind of traction do you expect from this new bed bug program?
Douglas Baker: The answer is yes, lodging customers will also cut back on certain services when times get very tight, and were watching. The industry went through an incredibly difficult period last year. So wed anticipate that the underlying market demand will start increasing for these services and in fact, I mean if you look at our underlying metrics which are reported, we see building demand in our service businesses, as we would expect. So we feel better about pests growth prospects through the year. Bed bug programs will be one part of the story, but so will other traditional programs. We rolled out a new program designed after pests in restaurants which has got significant sustainability and health benefits. So theres a number of things weve got going in pest beside the market lift that makes us feel like weve turned the corner and moving the right way there.
Operator: You're next question comes from Gary Bisbee  Barclays Capital.
Gary Bisbee: After not doing a whole lot of buy backs for several quarters, youve accelerated a bit the last couple of quarters. Is there anything I should read into that in terms of thoughts around strategy for your cash, inability to get the right acquisitions done or is it just more that maybe after the slug you did after the [Ankel] transaction, you just took it easy for a few months and youre now getting to more normalized pace?
Douglas Baker: I would say its much more the later. It does not reflect any change in use of cash philosophy, but obviously we made a big purchase in the fourth quarter of 08 and took a few quarters off as a result of that which was planned. Our principal or primary use of cash is going to be for M&A and when M&A is not there, we said then we will go to share buyback. As I alluded to earlier, we are pretty confident that the M&A opportunities are going to be here in the near term.
Operator: You're next question comes from John Roberts  Buckingham Research.
John Roberts: When I look at the developed markets, U.S., Europe plus minus percent, Canada up 8%. Is there a significant mix difference in Canada than the other developed markets.
Douglas Baker: The history lesson would be if youve got minerals and gas, things are going to be rosy. The Canadian economy is fundamentally healthier than either the U.S. or the European economy. They didnt have the banking crisis. They didnt have the  housing crisis. They kind of skipped it. I would also say they are fairly rich in minerals so its not a bad economy.
John Roberts: Back to the pest elimination question you just got, I thought that was typically a relatively temporary phenomena, that after six months or so the bugs come back and the customers really have to come back to usage levels that they had pre their hiatus. Are you a little surprised you havent seen that yet? Youre down in comping against year ago numbers.
Douglas Baker: The only real answer is I was surprised by a lot of things that happened the last 18 months. I guess at the end of the day, its lasted longer than it has previously, but I would also say we see the type of underlying metrics that we expect to see and we expect the business to be coming back. Clearly last year was unique on a number of levels.
Operator: You're next question comes from Edward Yang  Oppenheimer.
Edward Yang: You mentioned that inventory destocking hurt health care comparisons. Conversely, are there any other businesses that you operate where theres some potential for inventory restocking?
Douglas Baker: I dont know that its quite at the level that you might have seen in more industrial companies by any means but certainly as demand picks up, just the way our ERP systems work, it drives a pickup in inventory levels. This isnt any new phenomena. We didnt spend much time talking last year about significant erosion in terms of inventory levels, but its a natural occurrence in a decline and an increasing economy.
Edward Yang: It sounds like in the health care business, theres more of a guess middleman that maintains inventory. In your other businesses like institutional or textile care etc., is there a middleman that is significant in terms of being part of the supply chain? I know youve had some change in inventor incentives last year that provided some volatility.
Douglas Baker: The answer would be it is different. F&B largely is going directly to the end use consumer, i.e. food production facilities. However at institutional, a large percentage of sales go through distribution which means that theres an inventory plus/minus equation as well as in health care and some parts of our textile businesses  and some parts of our vehicle care etc. So it exists, and I would say as the economy picks up, one of the things you see is underlying consumption picks up which starts triggering increased inventory levels in distribution.
Edward Yang: Your overall volumes swung positive this quarter. Is that more a function of getting new customers or existing customers buying more solutions from you?
Douglas Baker: It was a piece of both on a year over year basis, but I would say I dont think we fully felt the market impact yet. A lot of the recovery were seeing I think were our own efforts last year.
Operator: You're next question comes from Robert Koort  Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort: I was curious as you took a more critical look at the cost structure in the downturn and as we come into this recovery phase, how much leverage do you see at the operating margin line or do you think it will stay in this high teens range in the U.S. and sort of 13% range globally.
Douglas Baker: I would say we certainly did about in areas where we had improvement, we capitalized on some of that. We expect that to continue to show up in the business. Obviously the biggest margin play that we have is in Europe and we have just gone through a period of sizeable investments which are largely in the base now in Europe, and were going to start capitalizing moving that. Thats a third of our business, so obviously every 100 basis point, a third of that accrues to the total margin improvement. So we see steady improvement in our margins over the next few years primarily fueled by the improvement in Europe. Theres still margin opportunities in the other regions. AP&LA is principally volume on an existing infrastructure base and in the U.S. it is continuing to refine our business model.
Robert Koort: And how on Europe specifically, what metric should we hold you accountable for success or lack of success in terms of that margin progression?
Douglas Baker: I think we said that we believe we can get Europe up to the 13% to 14% and we would be disappointed if progress wasnt at least 100 basis points a year.
Operator: You're next question comes from Rosemarie Morbelli  Ingalls & Snyder.
Rosemarie Morbelli: When you talk, following up on the margin in Europe, when you talk about getting to the 13% to 14% operating margin, can we see that as soon as we see top line growth of 5% or do you require a multi-year process?
Douglas Baker: I hope we see 5% top line before the time it takes us to recover margins fully. That would be the short answer. The 5% is not going  to come magically in a quarter. It takes us awhile in any region to rebuild the sales growth, but my hope and belief is that well see 5% well before the time its going to take to get 13T to 14% in margin.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Have you seen any change in trends since the end of the quarter or when you address the fact that markets are stabilizing and so on, that was actually talking to after the end of the quarter or was it a trend going through between January and March?
Douglas Baker: I would say, I think clearly we incorporated the most recent data we had in terms of market performance, so that comment is what weve seen to date.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Back to the number of shares, what was the number of shares at the end of the quarter, and then if I look at last year, between the beginning of the year and the end of the year the number of shares went up by three million. Is that the kind of outlook for this year or are you going to buy much more and therefore you will more than upset the impact from options by the time 2010 rolls around.
Douglas Baker: If you look at the number of shares, the basic numbers of shares declined. The increase in the diluted shares was due to the stock price causing more shares to be in the money, and for the full year, with 3.3 million shares bought in the first quarter we would expect that the number of shares would decline following quarters.
Rosemarie Morbelli: But you are going to have more options in the money most likely between now and the end of the year, so if you buy more shares, we are going to have the same pattern we had last year.
Douglas Baker: Its not a dramatic impact. With the stock price rise, theres not too many shares left under water.
Rosemarie Morbelli: In the past, new technologies are what really drives this company and you had this big leap from liquid products to solid products. What is coming up the pipeline that would have a similar impact?
Douglas Baker: What we, as you know, have moved our solid concept to a new platform level and have been and are only partially launched on this concept. So [Apaks], which is really taking the old solid and making this in an extruded form, which also allows us to reduce significantly plastic and you can do a number from the same formula, is now launched in wear washing. Were starting to extend it in line products where we have been using this technology as a platform in QSR. This is only so far been really launched in the United States so we will be expanding this globally throughout institutional. If you go to the F&D space, there are a number of technologies that we have that were rolling out that follow the trend line that dry loops which are technologies t hat significantly reduce water and enhance performance. We are working at recovery vehicles in terms of finding ways to make the products we use even more efficacious without adding more chemical to the process and reducing water. I dont want to get into too much detail because its a public forum for F&B. So were very excited about the number of platforms we have there that we think are going to boost sales long term as we move forward. Weve talked the water area. We have a number of applications there that are going to fit our large businesses. We have some very innovative sustainable ideas. We feel very good about our platforms and our innovation technology. We did not stop investing in our R&D anchor technology platform at all during the crisis. In fact, that was one of the areas that was in the bright line of protect no matter what, that investment, because we knew we were going to be sitting here on the other side needing to stimulate and drive growth the old fashioned way, which is start getting after organic sales. So we feel pretty well equipped.
Operator: You're next question comes from Dmitry Silversteyn  Longbow Research.
Dmitry Silversteyn: I want to talk about the GCS business. It sounds like youre going through another investment cycle there with expanded sales forces coverage. My understanding was that this business, that you were done investing in this business until you start seeing some positive profitability out of it and then make a decision whether or not you can continue to grow or scale it back. Have you seen enough of a recovery to justify continued investment in this business and step up investments as a matter of fact?
Douglas Baker: Probably to be more clear about what were talking about, a lot of what we did was we transferred resources to give us more selling resources in that business. So weve been doing a lot of work. I guess you could argue weve been taking it out of the business, but we felt taking some of the heads that we have saved in that business and applying them towards regional sales efforts made sense and its looking like in fact, it does make a lot of sense for us. The GCS business is moving in the right direction. We continue to lower the breakeven point. We would estimate that around $140 million at this point. I think the last time we articulated a number it was around $155 million, so we continue to make good progress there. Sales have absolutely stabilized in the business so were looking to start driving this in a positive direction which is what needs to happen to close the remaining, now increasingly small gap that we have in terms of a Y there. So we like the promise of this business. I think theres been a lot of work thats gone on. This business is in a lot better shape than its been for years.
Dmitry Silversteyn: The second question is a follow up on the health care and the 1% decline that youre seeing year over year sales. I just want to make sure I understand what youve answered directly because I agree with the previous caller in that the H1N1 should not have been a year over year impact, but what youre saying is that with H1N1 concerns, there was a lot of inventory building of product towards the end of 2009 that may or may not have something to do with H1N1, just a general desire to be cleaner and safer, and now that inventory took place not necessarily in products directly tied to H1N1 but in overall cleaning and sanitizing market dealing with health care. Is that what you were saying or did I misunderstand?
Douglas Baker: Ill try it again. Basically what happened is distributors serving this market built their H1N1 related product inventories. There was high demand, and then the demand went down after the H1N1 scare went away. But the way ERP systems work is, they work behind and keep building inventory for past demand not immediate demand, so the end of the year was very high inventories compared to immediate demand. Once this is recognized by the system, they basically go on a full stop. So they stop ordering the products until the inventory adjusts to the current consumption pattern. Thats the adjustment we went through in Q1 of 2010. It had nothing to do with 2009 Q1.
Michael Monahan: These are sanitizers, hand sanitizers that have other uses. Theyre not uniquely for H1N1.
Douglas Baker: They will continue to buy these products, and they continue to move. There is just an adjustment in inventory. So consumption was higher than sales as the inventories adjusted. If you take out the inventory adjustment, sales would have been mid single digits for the quarter. Not a great quarter. We would have been beating our chests, but no means a disaster and we feel very comfortable that the business underlying growth metrics are on the right trajectory.
Dmitry Silversteyn: If you look at the previous three years, you had double-digit growth in that business in nine out o twelve quarters. The fact that even without an inventory correction you would have been in a single digit growth, does not necessarily seem any kind of a trend. It could be just one quarter in the year when you would experience that type of growth so theres nothing fundamentally different about the business in 2010 versus 2009 as far as maturation or market penetration or stiffer competition.
Douglas Baker: No. Theres nothing fundamental. Its a 13-week period. As I signaled earlier, we would expect this business to have a reported growth rate in the mid single digits in the second quarter. The inventory situation will be behind us fully by then and it will be upper single to possibly digit in the second half, so were spending our time doing what we do and figuring out how do we drive innovation and new customer acquisition in this business.
Michael Monahan: That second half remember, will be going up against the H1N1 demand which was heightened demand at that point so we feel pretty good about the growth rates.
Operator: You're next question comes from Gary Bisbee  Barclays Capital.
Gary Bisbee: When you talk about the system in Europe being on line and the long-term margin plan, what should we expect this year? Im assuming youre starting to amortize some of the capitalized cost there. Is that going to offset the Europe margin gain this year or should we think about it beginning to get it and then it really starts ramping next year?
Douglas Baker: We absolutely are taking on increased costs, as the system is fully online and amortize the investment fully, and weve always talked that youre going to be at a period where you are fully paying for two systems. What we expect is, fourth quarter will be the first quarter you start seeing year over year margin improvement and we would expect that to be the trend moving forward. For the year, the margin is going to be roughly flat, maybe modestly up from last year.
Operator: There are no further questions.
Michael Monahan: Thank you for your time today. We appreciate your interest. Have a great day and take good care.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-11 13:00:00) =====
Executives:  Douglas Baker  President & CEO Michael Monahan  VP External Relations 
Analysts:  Laurence Alexander  Jefferies & Co. David Begleiter  Deutsche Bank  John McNulty  Credit Suisse Amy Zhang  Goldman Sachs Ed Yang  Oppenheimer & Company Mike Harrison  First Analysis Gary Bisbee  Barclays Capital Mark Gulley  Soleil Securities  Nate Brockmann  William Blair  PJ Juvekar  Citi Rosemarie Morbelli  Ingalls & Snyder David Ridley-Lane  BofA Merrill Lynch Justin Hawke  Robert W. Baird  Dmitry Silversteyn  Longbow Research John Roberts  Buckingham Research Jeff Zekauskas  JPMorgan 
Operator: Welcome to the Ecolab fourth quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. (Operator instructions) Now, Id like to turn the call over to Mr. Michael Monahan, Vice President, External Relations. 
Michael Monahan: Hello everyone and welcome to Ecolab's fourth quarter conference call. With me today is Douglas Baker, Ecolab's Chairman, President and CEO. A copy of our earnings release and the slides referenced in this teleconference are available on Ecolab's website at www.ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statement on slide two stating this teleconference, and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected.  Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Form 10-Q under item 1A Risk Factors, in our fourth quarter earnings release and in slide two. We also refer you to the supplemental diluted earnings per share information that is also in the release. Starting with slides three and four, we delivered strong earnings results in the fourth quarter despite continued challenging market conditions as we aggressively drove new account gains, sales of new products, cost reductions, and pricing to recover margins.  We also benefited from our change in distributor incentives from the first quarter of the year. Looking ahead we expect to continue to outperform our markets and deliver superior growth once again in 2010. Starting with some highlights from the quarter, reported fourth quarter 2009 earnings per share were up 45% to $0.48. On an adjusted basis, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items from both years, fourth quarter 2009 earnings per share were $0.55 compared with $0.45 last year, an increase of 22%. The adjusted earnings per share growth was driven by new products, new account gains, pricing, favorable delivered product costs and cost savings which more than offset soft volume, higher compensation costs and key investments in our strategic growth areas. Fourth quarter 2009 results also benefited from the change in our distributor program which benefited both reported and adjusted EPS by approximately $0.03. To drive results in this challenging environment we have continued to be aggressive focusing on top line growth as we emphasize our innovative products, that provide customers with labor, energy, and water savings, and our unmatched personal service.  We are using our product and service strengths to help drive core business, market share growth, and deliver new account acquisitions among our national, regional and independent prospects. And we are making significant investments in key growth businesses and adding sales and service firepower to build future growth.  Weve also focused on cost savings emphasizing productivity and efficiency improvements to help increase margins. Looking ahead while there has been stabilization in our major markets, we have not yet seen an upturn and we continue to look for slow recovery over the near-term.  We expect we will need to continue to work hard to drive sales, invest smart, and closely manage our costs to deliver our forecasted EPS growth this year. And if the markets are stronger we will clearly benefit from our extra efforts. We expect adjusted EPS for the first quarter to increase 9% to 21% to the $0.36 to $0.40 range compared with adjusted EPS of $0.33 in the first quarter of 2009. We look for 2010 adjusted EPS to be in the range of $2.17 to $2.25 per share representing a 9% to 13% gain over last year. Please note these estimates for the first quarter and full year do not include the impact from the Venezuelan devaluation which we will speak to later.  In summary we expect 2010 to reflect yet another strong performance by Ecolab in the continuing challenging environment as strong sales efforts to gain new accounts and achieve better sales penetration along with focused investments in our growth drivers, along with improved efficiency and cost savings enable us to again deliver attractive growth and shareholder returns.  Returning to the details, as shown on slide five, Ecolabs reported consolidated sales for the fourth quarter increased 5%. Looking at the components volume and mix declined 1%, pricing was up 2%, and currency benefited sales by 3%. The change in distributor incentive programs increased reported sales growth by 1%. Slide six includes sales growth by segment and division, sales for the US cleaning and sanitizing operations grew 4%. Excluding the distributor change sales increased 2%. Reported institutional sales were up 2%. New account gains, new products, pricing and the impact from the change in the way we implemented our distributor incentive program, benefited fourth quarter sales. Excluding the effects of the distributor change sales were off 1%. We continue to outperform lower demand from our lodging and foodservice customers in the fourth quarter. And while the rate of decline in foot traffic and hotel room demand eased moderately during the fourth quarter, we expect only gradual improvement in these end markets in 2010. As a result we continue to remain focused on driving sales and gaining share using innovative products like our Apex Warewashing program, Wash and Walk and a new laundry program that provides superior performance while delivering demonstrable water, energy, and labor savings as customers look for cost savings and efficiency in this tight economy.  Our Apex Warewashing system which enables us to help customers reduce total [dish room] cost and lower their environmental impact continues to show strong growth and helped lead sales for new accounts. Further Ecolabs customer support plan for H1N1 flu resulted in some additional sales of infection prevention products such as disinfectants, personal hygiene, and hand care products.  We are also targeting independent accounts and regional chains with additional redeployed sales people and programs. This includes additional sales people in corporate accounts, regional sales, and specialization sales people in the field as well as more sales tools to make them more productive.  These actions have resulted in good new account activity that offsets soft market trends and were continuing our efforts to drive more sales and margin gains. We expect these aggressive sales efforts, investments in our sales team and new account gains to help us to continue to outperform our markets in the first quarter and the year.  Kays fourth quarter results grew 13% led by strong growth from both QSR and food retail. The food retail business continued to show strong growth with a double-digit gain as it benefited from new account growth. New products and programs like the introduction of Solids for QSR, along with customer wins bolstered Kays results. We expect these initiatives along with continued good new account growth to help drive strong gains in Kays 2010. Textile care sales increased 1% as customer gains, a focus on new markets and pricing offset depressed industry conditions. Customers have shown increased interest in the operational savings textile cares products and services can deliver in this tough economy. We look for modest growth in the first quarter as business gains and new products continue to offset lower industry volumes.  Healthcare sales rose 14% benefiting from H1N1 demand and a small acquisition. Excluding the H1N1 impact and the acquisition, sales increased 5%. Continued solid growth in our infection barrier business and skincare products led results. We have launched several new products in 2010 including a new line of central sterile solid products, as well as new programs for patient room cleaning.  Looking ahead first quarter sales are expected to show a moderate gain as continued good growth in our base is offset by a lower demand for hand sanitizers as H1N1 fears decline. Food and beverage sales were flat. Sales grew in the beverage and food market as corporate account wins and new products offset soft results in dairy, agri, and meat and poultry.  In the first quarter of 2010 food and beverage will continue to focus on new account acquisition, and new product sales. However the slow markets and softer pricing when compared to last year are expected to yield flat to modestly higher sales. Vehicle care sales decreased 3%. The division remains focused on pricing, and new more sustainable products and operational cost efficiency programs to gain new accounts and drive sales.  However these efforts were more than offset by continued weak market demand. We expect the first quarter will continue to be a challenging environment and we look for sales to be flat or slightly lower. Sales for US other services decreased 3% in the fourth quarter. Pest elimination sales were off 3% in the quarter as gains in the fast food and food and beverage plant markets were offset by soft conditions in restaurants and lodging.  We continue to develop new products and program solutions to better serve customer needs in the current environment. For example, we recently introduced a new bedbug program that reduces room down time for treatment cycles and thereby helps to lower customers total costs. We also recently introduced Ecolab Contact Formula CR, our first EPA exempt pesticide which poses a minimum risk to humans and the environment.  It still provides an average kill time for common cockroaches of less than five minutes compared with eight hours for other liquid applications. We are working on other programs to provide improved service, efficacy and efficiency. We also continue to target specific growth markets like food and beverage processing, improve our service delivery and are working to build contract growth.  However we expect the continued soft economy will result in slow sales in the first quarter. GCS sales decreased 6% in the quarter, however profitability once again substantially improved over a year ago. Service and parts sales remained soft but appear to be stabilizing. The sales pipeline and chain customer interest in the value proposition remains good.  However new account sales were more than offset by the impact of slower foodservice business conditions and some lower profit business that we exited and by general market weakness especially among independent accounts. Despite the lower sales volume GCS profitability was substantially better compared with the fourth quarter of last year as we continue to see productivity and efficiency improvements. We are using some of this improvement to invest in sales force additions to drive future growth. Looking to the first quarter we expect sales to be flattish compared to the prior year but we expect GCS will again report significantly improved profitability over the prior year period. Measured in fixed currencies international sales increased 1%.  Europe, Middle East and Africa sales declined 3% in the fourth quarter at fixed currency rates as most divisions experienced lower sales in the quarter. Europes institutional sales were off, foodservice and lodging trends appear to have stabilized but as in the US we have not yet seen a return to growth.  Focused sales efforts targeting new business with the regional local customers and new products that offer customers cost savings helped to drive new account gains in the soft economy. Food and beverage sales declined primarily reflecting lower equipment purchases due to the uncertain economy. The business continues to focus on winning new customers by emphasizing cost savings benefits of our leading products like [DryX] and water care.  Textile care sales were lower reflecting reduced lodging and uniform volumes. Europes healthcare sales increased benefiting from H1N1 sanitizer demand. Europes pest elimination sales were lower however weve continued to improve both operations and profitability. Europes business information systems platform work continues to move forward.  We have successfully implemented a system in half of our European business. We will continue to roll out another seven countries in the first half of 2010. With the continuing weak market trends we look for Europes first quarter fixed currency sales to be similar to those of last year. Asia Pacific sales grew 7% in fixed currencies as they more than offset the impact of economic uncertainty and low levels of business travel and tourism in the region.  Institutional sales grew modestly due to the recessions impact on hotel occupancy as well as the reduced catering business in the high-end hotels. Food and beverage sales showed strong growth. Both the beverage and brewing sectors continued to grow benefiting from increased product penetration and account gains.  Looking ahead Asia Pacific expects good sales growth in the first quarter reflecting recent account wins and stabilization of the markets. Fourth quarter sales for Ecolabs Canadian operations increased 9% over last year in fixed currencies. Institutional rose moderately as we leveraged our strengthened distributor partnerships. Food and beverage, healthcare, vehicle care, and pest elimination all recorded strong sales driven by new account gains.  Latin America reported a solid sales gain rising 6% in fixed currencies as all divisions increased. Institutional growth was driven by new accounts, increased product penetration, and continued success with global and regional accounts. Food and beverage sales reflected good demand in the beverage and brewing markets as well as the benefits of new accounts. And pest elimination showed continued good growth. Overall we expect attractive growth trends to continue in Latin America with another solid gain in the first quarter. Turning to margins on the income statement and slide seven of our presentation, fourth quarter gross margins continue their recovery increasing 200 basis points to 50.1% compared with 48.1% last year. The quarters gain was driven by pricing, improved delivered product costs, and costs savings. SG&A expenses were 36.9% of sales, 40 basis points above last year. The increase in the SG&A ratio was due to accelerated investments in people and systems, prior year variable compensation reductions, and other cost increases which more than offset pricing leverage and savings from our recent restructuring.  Operating income for Ecolab US cleaning and sanitizing segment increased 29%. Excluding the impact of the change in the institutional distributor incentive program, operating income grew 19% and margins expanded by 250 basis points. The increase was driven by pricing, favorable delivered product costs, and cost savings.  Operating income for US other services grew 14%. Margins expanded by 220 basis points over last year driven by pricing and cost savings actions. International fixed currency operating income increased 5%. Pricing gains, the cost savings efforts, and favorable delivered product costs more than offset continued investments in our systems, people, and other critical areas of the business.  Corporate segment includes special gains and charges which are detailed in the press release. Ecolabs reported fourth quarter consolidated tax rate was 35.6% compared with last years reported 35.5%. Excluding discrete tax items and the tax impact of special gains and charges the adjusted effective income tax rate for the fourth quarter 2009 was 31.9% and compared with 30.5% in the fourth quarter of 2008. The increase in the adjusted fourth quarter 2009 effective rate was primarily due to lower tax benefits from our international operations. We also repurchased 1.2 million shares during the fourth quarter. The net of this performance is that Ecolabs reported first quarter diluted net income per share was $0.48 compared with $0.33 reported a year ago.  When adjusted for special gains and charges and discrete tax items in both years, adjusted earnings increased 22% to $0.55 when compared with $0.45 earned a year ago. Turning to slide eight, Ecolabs balance sheet and cash flow remain strong. Total debt to capital was 32% at December 31, compared with 42% reported a year ago.  Our net debt at December 31 was 30%. We also made a voluntary cash contribution to our pension plan of $100 million in December, bringing our total 2009 voluntary US pension plan contribution to $225 million.  Looking ahead slide nine shows forecast for our end markets in 2010 based on various industry sources and our internal estimates. As shown these forecasts call for a return to growth albeit slow growth, with gradual quarterly improvement in our key end markets though US foodservice is expected to be soft.  Against that backdrop we continue to take appropriate actions to drive both our top and bottom lines in 2010. As outlined in slide 10 we continue to drive new account and market share growth using our product and service strengths that combine to help customers reduce their costs and improve their efficiency. We will invest in growth businesses like healthcare, global pest, China, and Latin America as well as new products and acquisitions to accelerate the top line. And weve planned to hire more than 600 sales and service associates in 2010 and to invest in field technology to make them more productive.  We expect fixed currency sales to rise in the low to mid single-digit range in 2010 and look for gross margins to show continued good improvement. SG&A will reflect the investments we are making in our sales force and systems, and the SG&A ratio should rise slightly relative to sales. Corporate expense is expected to be slightly less than 2009s $24 million, as we near completion of the systems implementation in Europe. Interest expense is expected to be comparable to 2009 and a tax rate is forecasted to decline to the 30% to 31% range. Shares are expected to be about the same as 2009. As a result we look for full year adjusted diluted earnings per share to increase 9% to 13% and be in the $2.17 to $2.25 range in 2010. As noted in the press release this estimate and that for the first quarter does not include an unfavorable $0.02 per share related to the devaluation of the Venezuelan currency in the first quarter. Slide 11 shows an EPS bridge for the first quarter and the full year 2010. As indicated we expect volume growth to improve through the year. At the same time the benefit from delivered product costs is expected to ease as should foreign currency translation. The bridge also shows our focus on accelerating to line growth as we will invest in growth drivers like our sales and service force, field technology, and systems. Pension costs will rise somewhat in 2010. The all other category reflects our actions to drive cost savings and a lower rate that will help to fund investments in the business.  Looking at the 2010 first quarter we expect modest year on year fixed currency sales increase as new account gains more than offset continued challenging conditions. We look for international sales to be similar to last year at fixed currency rates as good growth from Canada, Latin America, and Asia Pacific are offset by trends in Europe.  Gross margins should increase. We will kick start the growth investments in our sales firepower and technology in the first quarter and that will be reflected in the higher SG&A ratio. SG&A will also compare against the first quarter of last year when we aggressively cut costs and implemented restructuring that significantly reduced that quarters SG&A expense.  The press release includes these line items of our first quarter P&L. Net we expect adjusted diluted earnings per share for the first quarter excluding special gains and charges as well as the unfavorable $0.02 impact from the Venezuelan currency devaluation and discrete tax items to increase 9% to 21% to $0.36 to $0.40 range compared with the adjusted earnings per share of $0.33 earned a year ago.  In summary as noted on slide 12 we performed effectively in the fourth quarter against very tough conditions and delivered on our forecast as we invested in our future. And despite the expected challenges from continued weak markets we continue to look for a solid first quarter gain and expect to deliver a very attractive performance for the full year of 2010.  And now heres Douglas Baker with some closing comments. 
Douglas Baker :  Thank you Michael, the first point Id make is we made a clear shift back to offense and beginning in Q4 and offense is where we belong. And in total I feel very good about how we managed 2009 and most importantly how we left the year. We left the year a much stronger company. We made great progress on our key initiatives.  Our emerging market investments are paying off; China, India, and Brazil. Our healthcare business continues to strengthen. Weve got a much stronger team. We continue to add to the portfolio. Water, waste, weve added significant talent there as well. And our focus is sharpening and we are starting to see results already.  European restructure, we have the final of the four waves of countries going live in the second quarter of this year and we are going to have that work then behind us and then start shifting to harvesting if you will, the benefits as a result of these investments.  The margin upside that we have discovered as weve gone through this is real and if anything, its a lot bigger than we anticipated. Core technology, we made great progress here particularly in our anchor technology and did a great job retooling our raw material flows so that we are less exposed to some inflationary pressures as we go forward.  Weve also added share in our core businesses. Weve added a corporate account sales heads that we talked about throughout the year. Weve picked up new business momentum and I anticipate the first quarter of this year to have record new business productivity.  So 2010 we anticipate will be another successful year though we dont predict any market miracles, meaning we believe the market has bottomed but we dont see a V recovery particularly in the US or Europe. So while we remain bullish on the long-term were watchful over the nearer-term but we are confident in our situation.  We still chase $50 billion-plus of opportunity, were doing a great job on locking that potential. We still have lots of margin upside and have clear priorities to get after it and anticipate better OI margin in 2010 versus 2009. Were well positioned in terms of M&A. Weve got the capacity to take it on both management and financial and there is significant opportunity out there thats starting to appear.  Net, our objective is double-digit EPS done the right way in 2010 and what I mean by that is we have got to be very clearly focused on building sales volume growth which is exactly how we aim to drive this because thats going to give us sustainable growth moving out of the year.  And we will also do it while maintaining progress in our key growth initiatives. So we are on it, feel good about our plans, and feel good about our progress. So with that Im going to turn it back to Michael. 
Michael Monahan : Thanks Douglas, a [inaudible] of upcoming Ecolab events, we plan to hold a tour of our booth that the National Restaurant Association Show in Chicago on May 24. We will have more details as we get closer. In the meantime if you have any questions, please contact me or Nicole in my office. That concludes our remarks. This conference call and the available slides will be available for replay on our website. We are now ready for the question-and-answer period. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander  Jefferies & Co.
Laurence Alexander  Jefferies & Co.: I guess the first question about productivity, how much are you increasing your sales force in 2010 compared to 2009 and given all of the investments that you have been making, continue to make in sales force productivity what should that translate into in top line momentum in 2011 and 2012. 
Douglas Baker : The first question, we plan to add 3% to 4% in terms of number of sales people in 2010 versus 2009. And we anticipate that volume this year I would call it probably a net equal in terms of volume productivity this year as we start adding the sales team. Weve always said that theres a lag in terms of reaching full productivity. But the anticipation is that we continue to build volume throughout the year and the sight line is clearly 2011 and 2012 because its going to be critical to do that so that we can have sustained double-digit EPS going forward. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Begleiter  Deutsche Bank 
David Begleiter  Deutsche Bank : In a flattish market, how much harder is it to gain volume than when the market is growing as it was prior to this downturn. 
Douglas Baker : Well clearly its tougher, you would rather be rolling a canoe in a river flowing the same way youre paddling. Yes, I would say, look weve got a pretty good track record of rebuilding volume momentum which is really what weve focused on. Were going to continue to make sure that we get the right price but we have got to have underlying volume growth as well to go build the type of top line momentum and generate the kind of income that we know we can generate.  I would say we are seeing progress in our sales line as we go through this. It never moves as fast as everybody wants it. Its clearly an environment that we expect to be not as favorable as I would say the most optimistic forecast might suggest. Again we hope were wrong in terms of our forecast but what weve got built in here is really a pretty flat recovery in both US and Europe. AP and LA we have clearly seen, LA skipped this whole recession as far as we can tell and AP probably bottomed in the second quarter where we really didnt see the bottom in the US until the third quarter and Europe not until the fourth quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John McNulty  Credit Suisse
John McNulty  Credit Suisse: Just two quick questions, one on the balance sheet your net debt to cap is now getting to a pretty reasonable if not low level and when we look at your stock right now, its probably the cheapest I can recall it trading since Ive been covering this space, so Im wondering what your thoughts are in terms of maybe putting the balance sheet to work in buying back stock, and if its not going to go there, where should we think about cash going, going forward. 
Douglas Baker : I would say our priorities are attractive M&A targets first and share repurchase would be certainly secondary to that. As I mentioned in my comments, weve worked to be patient. There are a number of what I would say properties that were interested in. Obviously were going to buy them if it makes sense for the business, at the price that theyre going to go for. But Im pretty confident that well have a successful M&A year this year.  If we dont clearly share repurchase is something weve done in the past and we would likely consider if we dont have success in M&A. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amy Zhang  Goldman Sachs
Amy Zhang  Goldman Sachs: My question is related to raw materials outlook and as we know there is a lot of discussions from the specialty chemical companies about raw materials inflation, Im wondering your outlook for that and also your sales guidance on your slides, how much of the pricing gains youve baked in and any guided range. 
Douglas Baker : First raw materials we are forecasting that they will be modestly favorable year on year. We clearly keep a weary eye on the raw material markets as we go forward. It typically takes awhile for these to flow through our P&L even when they start moving and weve successfully mitigated it for a period of time in the past. So I think weve got a good handle on that but clearly raw materials is always one of the risks or potentially opportunities in any of our plans year on year. In terms of pricing, we anticipate that we will continue to see increased pricing in total around the globe. Probably back to more historic norms of around one point percent. So we dont anticipate price erosion which has been a frequent question. In fact we anticipate that well continue to be able to drive very modest price increases. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Yang  Oppenheimer & Company
Ed Yang  Oppenheimer & Company: Two questions, during the analyst day you spoke about 1000 points of leverage and now youre investing a little bit more on the sales forces for volume, two different buckets, but why not dial up the leverage in terms of getting greater efficiency so that you could still reinvest in the business while maintaining SG&A leverage.
Douglas Baker : What I would say is I think that is what were doing. If you look at 2009 we were up OI margin 90 basis points when you take adjusted versus adjusted 2008 and our anticipation in 2010 is that youre going to see an additional increase in OI leverage as well around 50 to 75 points range that we talk about over time.  So, I think were doing exactly what you say which is we are driving efficiencies in the business, we are taking a portion of it and reinvesting back in the business particularly with an eye on driving volume growth, and were also letting some of it flow through down to the bottom. Thats the formula. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Harrison  First Analysis
Mike Harrison  First Analysis: You referred to moving squarely back to offense in terms of your sales strategy, obviously when the economy was in decline the sales strategy shifted more toward new account generation and now as we start to look at a bottoming and gradual recovery I was wondering if you could maybe give some more detail about exactly what you mean when you say youre switching back to offense and what that means in terms of your sales strategy.  
Douglas Baker : We never sent a note out to our sales team to say get off offense but I think what were seeing is while we added corporate account heads throughout 2009, we started heavying up some of the core investments in the growth areas that weve consistently talked about like water and waste, healthcare, even expansion of some of our programs in emerging market businesses where weve added talent, significant talent, over the second half both in headcount and just other managerial plays. So that stuff I would just say weve started pushing more aggressively late in the second half of last year because we started becoming more confident that we had seen the bottom and we had a better idea of what the environment was going to be going forward. So thats what were referring to.  We never went completely in a turtle posture but I would also say no doubt if you go back a year ago, there was a heck of a lot of uncertainty and there was a lot of defensive play going on to make sure we had the right amount of cash that you could protect your balance sheet, to protect the business franchise et al. I think we played that quite well.  But then we also had to get shifted back on getting the sales growth moving. 
Michael Monahan: Just to be clear last year we were also making targeted investments in selected areas, China, Latin America, healthcare, etc. so it was one which was very mindful of where the opportunities were and continue to drive those. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee  Barclays Capital
Gary Bisbee  Barclays Capital: I think you said that the margin benefit from the new operating systems in Europe, youre more confident now that theyre real and if anything were better than maybe youd previously expected, I think you said that referring to the systems. Can you give us a sense I guess how youre confident in that and then what level of savings we should expect and over what time period youd really achieve that. Is that over a couple of years. 
Douglas Baker : I think the best way to think of it is that way. So where are they? Theres significant savings in supply chain and warehousing and distribution. We also think ultimately in raw material procurement. This was very much divided and we were running individual country operations even in the supply chain arena.  So we werent fully capitalizing on the billion and a half dollar leverage that we had built over time in SG&A particularly in the G&A side. Weve got back offices, multiple, even within a country much less throughout the region. We know that theres significant opportunity there. And were not talking about anything that hasnt been done by a number of companies in the past so were very confident in our ability to go after this. I think what weve learned going through this process is just how fragmented that business really was when you start peeling back the onion and so as a result it was more complicated to get the system in place than we had anticipated.  The flipside to that is that the richer environment in terms of seeing margin. How its going to come, is weve always said youll start seeing the big benefits in 2011 but we are as I mentioned before going to have the rollout behind us in the second quarter of this year so well be shifting very aggressively in the second half to starting to get after first product supply, and leveraging those savings and then G&A savings as we move into 2011. But itll take us a few years to get fully realized and rebuild this back to a, or build this to a 13%, 14% OI player. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gulley  Soleil Securities 
Mark Gulley  Soleil Securities : Thanks for the market guidance slide that you provided, on page nine. Im struck by the difference in the trends that the forecasters are seeing for the lodging side versus foodservice side, can you help us understand why those trends are so different and its pretty much across regions too, particularly in the US and Europe. 
Douglas Baker : I think what were, lodging is on a path to recover much quicker than foodservice. A big part of it is because business spending in terms of travel is looking to tick up this year versus last year, and a lot of, lodgings exposure is more on business than say foodservices in total. Foodservice is predominantly a consumer spend item and the consumer spend areas are still we anticipate to be under real pressure particularly in the US and also in Europe. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nate Brockmann  William Blair 
Nate Brockmann  William Blair : Just wanted to dive into a little bit into the acquisition strategy, I assume that that to be in a lot of your key areas of focus in terms of water, healthcare, merging markets, one, I wanted to see if that is indeed true in terms of some of the M&A opportunities out there or whats on the horizon this year and then also to dive a little bit more into the healthcare opportunity for 2010 in terms of maybe some new product goals or where youd like to take that business this year. 
Douglas Baker : First of all youre largely right on M&A opportunities, I would obviously add healthcare in there. And the other piece is we are open to what I would call kind of pure bolt on acquisitions and core businesses where they make financial sense given where some of the smaller players are at this point in time.  In terms of healthcare our focus, we recently announced we are rolling out our HAIC or the infection control portion of our program, the protect system as we move forward right now. Were going to continue to build out that program and there is some technologies that we are interested in adding, some we will do through internal R&D but weve also been looking at licensing and acquiring technology in the market.  We had a few such acquisitions in the fourth quarter, some of these we took on and paid fairly large licensing fees as one-time payments even in the fourth quarter because it was the best way from an economic situation to pay for these even though it was inconvenient if you will from a quarter to quarter statement.  So we are very aggressive and the healthcare team is all over this. Our anticipation is another very successful year for the healthcare business in terms of continuing to drive top line but also bottom line improvement even while investing in this business. So I think that team is on the right course and we feel very good about that investment. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of PJ Juvekar  Citi
PJ Juvekar  Citi: Kay sales grew 13% can you break that down between QSR and food retail and my second question is that food retail has been growing for a couple of years, how much market share is left to gain there. 
Douglas Baker : Youre going to drive me to put my glasses on, so food retail was the largest growth driver but even the QSR side was near double-digits. And I would say in the food retail side I think theres significant share still to be had and we anticipate that food retail is going to continue to be a very strong growth engine this year based on new business activity that theyve already got under their belts.  Long-term food retail had a lot of upside, were starting to have success in Europe. This is a proposition that were expanding globally i.e. the focused position on helping retailers manage food safety as they move into increasingly prepared food. So we like the food retail business. I think its still pretty early in its growth story. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli  Ingalls & Snyder
Rosemarie Morbelli  Ingalls & Snyder: Could you talk about your new account, whenever we listen to your conference calls there is always new account gain in all categories. If you eliminate the new accounts how much was the decline in the existing one because in the end your top line grew only 1%. And then if you could follow-up with giving us some details as to what you call independent accounts, is that different from national accounts or is there something in addition that you need to add to that and as we are going into, pursuing new accounts, could you give us some detail as to what the new technology that you are investing for the new sales force to translate into, is it better profitability, it is more accounts, could you just help me put my arms around this new account statement that youre always make.
Douglas Baker : The reason we make this new account statement is because thats really how we drive growth so it is very core to our strategy. We are going to grow by selling more stuff to more people. And every time we lose sight on that we are going to have a fundamental problem, so the heart of your question, number one, what would our business look like without new growth.  Well clearly lets pick on institutional businesses, we have two factors. You had closures throughout the last couple of years and you also had just fundamentally lower consumption in these units as a result of reduced traffic and reduced check size even when traffic existed. What would that have been? Three to 4% down quite easily if we didnt get after it. And so we know that the new account productivity had enabled us to offset a lot of that decline as we move forward. We expect that the market has bottomed meaning we arent going to have negatives to go against so weve got firmer ground upon which to build so the new accounts that we start adding now are going to be additive versus just filling a hole thats created by a market situation. Number on the street side, first of all I would say when we look at the global chain or corporate account multinational player opportunity it remains, it is a very sizable opportunity. We do not have the same share of that opportunity in all regions. And so we have been investing in talent, weve been exporting talent and building up our corporate account teams around the world so that we can do a much better job capturing that particularly in the fast growth regions and we are successfully doing just that.  So that still remains a very rich growth area for us as a company. If you get down to independents, last year we had very good success particularly in institutional if you want to talk street accounts, partnering with Cisco, US Foods, other players, around both US and even increasingly in Europe and we talked about a program we had with Cisco in particular called Juggernaut where we added over 20,000 new accounts principally street or independent accounts which generated sizable business opportunity. This has led us to have conversations with Cisco about how to further enhance the growth opportunities just as we do with other distributor partners, we learned a lot last year that we know we can apply even more effectively moving forward. In terms of productivity and sales tools, which I think was the third part of the question, we rolled out what we call, for lack of a better term, laptop technology built in laptop so our field sales teams first in the US. Last year we continued to deploy that throughout Latin America, throughout Europe, and throughout Asia in spite of the economic downturn and while it was a sizable commitment in capital, an expenditure we knew it was important because it does several things. Certainly it drives productivity and we have seen that and thats one of the reasons that we have continued to increase the OI margin in the US is because of that technology.  But its even more importantly it increases our professionalism and ability to sell new business, to capture the value that we create for chains, or for large food and beverage enterprises and the ability to merchandize that at the headquarters and demonstrate how we are doing in terms of saving them water, saving them energy, really get to the heart of our value equation. Thats the secret of the field technology play. So I think all three of those things are moving in the right direction. We dont get into naming chains and naming other things but we feel very good about where we are. Were building momentum in this area and as I said I think the first quarter is all set to be a record quarter because of a few key deals. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Ridley-Lane  BofA Merrill Lynch
David Ridley-Lane  BofA Merrill Lynch: It looks like both pension expense and the growth investments are more heavily weighted towards first quarter in 2010, what other costs are going to fall more heavily in the first quarter than the other quarters.  
Douglas Baker : The investments, they are a little smoother than they were, but what happens is they start running into the second half when we started heavying up investments in 2009 which is why theres a lower impact if you will on average in the last three quarters versus the first quarter.
Michael Monahan: In pension area, as we will have a little bit higher pension costs as we showed, pension benefits in total is about $0.06 so youre seeing that kick up and its simply on a year on year basis is the reason for it being a little bit heavier in the first quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Hawke  Robert W. Baird 
Justin Hawke  Robert W. Baird : One more question on the G&A expense and in your guidance I understand that its going to be up year over year in the first quarter just because of some of the things you cut out first quarter of 2009, but I guess when were thinking about for the full year and the savings youve realized so far, maybe you could give us, quantify what the savings from your restructuring has been in 2009 and what the G&A should be going forward. Is it actually going to be down year over year as a percentage of sales. 
Douglas Baker : Well first of all what we realized is we spent about $74 million. We realized $53 million in 2009 and anticipate another $20 million-plus to be realized year on year in 2010 as a result of this. The lion share, those savings dont include things like discretionary travel cutbacks, and the like, those are structural changes.  The vast majority of those are going to be forever built into the business because we were closing facilities, consolidating operations, doing a number of things that have tangible ongoing benefits. In terms of investments this year, yes, clearly when you get into first quarter, first quarter last year we basically had people frozen to their desks.  So were going to have more travel if you will in the first quarter than we did last year because it was basically a net zero. Im being a little extreme but it was very, very much shut down and getting after customers takes some modest investment in T&E unfortunately. But thats the thing weve learned over the years. In terms of where SG&A is going to be for the year, we anticipate it that its going to be very close to last year, maybe modestly up as we go through, but Id say the ratio is going to be close to in line to a year ago. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn  Longbow Research
Dmitry Silversteyn  Longbow Research: Just wanted to follow-up on the comments that you made about the GCS business and the profitability improvements there, my understanding is that it still lost money in the fourth quarter just not as much. 
Douglas Baker :  Yes youre right, it lost 2.5 in the fourth quarter, that was versus a $5 million loss the year before. I guess what Id point out on GCS is a couple of things, we are seeing a bottoming in terms of sales pressure. Were not completely there but were very close, were probably there as we talk.  We are also, have moved this business to cash positive both last year and forecasted its going to be cash positive this year as well. So were just fundamentally in a different position on this business than we were previously. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts  Buckingham Research
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: Im looking at slide nine, and the European market outlook for 2010 looks to be moderately up, foodservice is down 1% everything else is flat or up, it sounded like you were expecting Ecolab to be flat or even maybe down a little bit in Europe in 2010.
Douglas Baker : I think that was, I think what we were talking about this forecast that youre looking at is an annual forecast for the year. Even that forecasted ramp up for the quarter and I think what youre referring to is the sales forecast we talked about for Europe was for the first quarter. We anticipate Europe to be positive year on year in sales for the year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas  JPMorgan
Jeff Zekauskas  JPMorgan: Just a couple of questions, what are the factors that you think would lead to a much better year in 2010 in US institutional and what are the factors that might lead to a tougher year. 
Douglas Baker : US institutional, I would say if new business activity proves to come on even faster than we anticipate some of this is already what I would say in the bag. That could lead us to have a healthier top line in that business, that translates quite quickly into healthier OI.  That would probably be the single biggest improvement factor. I would say on the downside, I guess if the US economy deteriorates versus holds or improves you would argue that that business would suffer but I would probably characterize that as a single biggest risk in that business and while I dont want to take it completely off the table, weve tried to, weve conservatively estimated the economic rebound. 
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of David Begleiter  Deutsche Bank 
David Begleiter  Deutsche Bank : Just on GCS what did it lose in 2009 and I know its cash positive but what will it lose on a book basis in 2010.
Douglas Baker : It lost $9 million in 2009 and we anticipate modest improvement roughly a $6, $7 million loss in 2010.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Mark Gulley  Soleil Securities 
Mark Gulley  Soleil Securities : As you were going through some of your outlook statements in your prepared remarks I couldnt quite get the constant currency or volume growth that you were looking for for this year 2010.
Michael Monahan: We said low to mid single-digits on fixed currency. 
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn  Longbow Research
Dmitry Silversteyn  Longbow Research: Just wanted to follow-up on the healthcare growth excluding the H1N1 and the acquisition it was only about 4% in the quarter which I think is the lowest weve seen in several quarters, is that business maturing for you, are we getting to kind of large numbers there or can we still expect kind of high single-digit, double-digit growth out of that going forward and there was some abnormal things taking place in the fourth quarter which exclusive of H1N1 saw the growth slow down to 4%.
Douglas Baker : I guess first of all were taking a pretty severe accounting when we start giving these, its like whats the growth rate after we take away every thing that we know. First of all I would say we dont feel that business is either suffering from the law of large numbers. We hope it does some day but thats a couple of zeros away frankly. The business I guess our anticipation is next year that this business borders [inaudible] as we rebuild double-digit growth type business and we think it can maintain that type of growth as we go forward. 
Michael Monahan: And for the full year healthcare was up 11%, a little bit of that was H1N1. By the way excluding H1N1 it was still up around the double-digit level. So I think you cant take one quarter and extrapolate too much from that. 
Operator: Your final question is a follow-up from the line of John Roberts  Buckingham Research
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: In food and beverage you cited several weak markets, dairy, meat and poultry, and some other agricultural areas, whats going on there because food consumption isnt down I dont think.
Douglas Baker : Well theres always, theres a couple of things. Theres always shifts in terms of food consumption patterns that occur and in part youve got some shifts in terms of there are plant consolidations within a number of these industries as they retool for what they anticipate to be future growth.  We typically go through these shake out periods during economic downturns and I think weve again seen that in the F&B area. 
Michael Monahan: But I would say that if you look at food and beverage, meat and poultry and production is actually down throughout the year. Dairy is down as well I believe. So you actually have seen some decline in production. 
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments. 
Michael Monahan: Thank everyone for your participation today and have a terrific day. Thank you.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-27 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Monahan  VP, External Affairs Doug Baker  Chairman, President and CEO
Analysts: Bob Koort  Goldman Sachs PJ Juvekar  Citi Mike Harrison  First Analysis Amanda Seguin  Jefferies Gary Bisbee  Barclays Capital Chris Shaw  Ticonderoga Securities John McNulty  Credit Suisse Ed Yang  Oppenheimer & Company. Rosemarie Morbelli  Ingalls & Snyder David Ridley-Lane  Banc of America Merrill Lynch Dmitry Silversteyn  Longbow Research John Roberts  Buckingham Research
Operator: Welcome to the Ecolab third quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. (Operator instructions) Now, Id like to turn the call over to Mr. Michael Monahan, Vice President, External Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Monahan: Thank you. Hello, everyone and welcome to Ecolab's third quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman, President and CEO, who will join us for the Q&A session following our review of the quarter's results. A copy of our earnings release and the slides referenced in this teleconference are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statement on slide two. Stating this teleconference, the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Form 10-Q under item 1A Risk Factors, in our third quarter earnings release and in slide two. We also refer you to our earnings release, which includes supplemental diluted earnings per share information. Starting with slide 3, in the third quarter, we delivered results at the top end of our forecast range, despite continued challenging market conditions and unfavorable currency trends as we aggressively drove new account gains, sales of new products that delivered effective cost savings for customers, cost reductions and pricing to recover margins. Looking ahead, we expect to continue to outperform our markets and deliver superior growth once again in 2009. Starting with some highlights from the quarter, as we move on to slide 4, reported third quarter 2009 earnings per share were up 20% to $0.60. On a pro forma basis, excluding special gains and charges and discreet tax items from both years, third quarter 2009 earnings per share were $0.61 compared with $0.55 last year, an increase of 11%. The pro forma earnings per share growth was driven by new products and account gains, pricing, cost savings, which more than offset key investments in our strategic growth areas. Operating margin showed good recovery as moderately favorable, delivered product cost and shares offset unfavorable foreign exchange impact and higher taxes. To drive results in this challenging environment, we have continued to be aggressive focusing on top-line growth as we emphasize our innovative products that provide customers with labor, energy and water savings. We are using these products to help deliver new account acquisition among our national, regional and independent prospects. We have also focused on cost savings, emphasizing productivity and efficiency improvements to help increase margins, following a period of significant raw material cost increases. Looking ahead, we have not yet seen an upturn in our major markets, and are not counting on recovery in the near term. We expect we will need to continue to work hard to drive sales and will closely manage our costs to deliver EPS growth this year, and if markets do pick up, we will clearly benefit from our extra effort. We expect pro forma EPS for the fourth quarter to be quite strong, up 20% or more to the $0.54 to $0.57 range compared with pro forma EPS of $0.45 in the fourth 2008. We look for modest fixed currency sales growth in the fourth quarter with favorable delivered product costs and cost savings actions providing significant benefit to operating margins. We also tightened the top and bottom ends of our forecast pro forma EPS range. We look for pro forma earnings of $0.98 to $2.01 per share representing a 6% to 8% over last year. In summary, we expect 2009 to reflect yet another strong performance for Ecolab in a very challenging environment, and strong sales efforts to gain new accounts and achieve better sales penetration along with improved efficiency in cost savings will enable us to again deliver attractive growth and show the return while continuing to invest in future growth. Turning to the details as shown in slide 5, Ecolabs reported consolidated sales for the third quarter declined 5%. However, sales were flat at fixed currency rates. Looking at the components, volume and mix declined 3%, pricing was up 3% and currency reduced sales by 5%. Slide 6 includes sales growth by segment and division. Sales for the U.S. cleaning and sanitizing operations were flat. Institutional sales were off 4% as new account gains, new products and pricing, once again, enabled us to outperform lower demand from lodging and food service customers. We have not yet seen improvement in institutional major end markets, and do not expect a significant pickup in the near term. We remain focused on driving sales using innovative products like our Apex wear washing system, Wash and Walk and a new laundry program that provides superior performance while delivering demonstrable water, energy and labor savings as customers look for cost savings and efficiency in this tight economy. Our Apex wear washing system, which enables us to help customers reduce total dish room cost and lower their environmental impact, continue to show strong growth and help lead sales for new accounts. Further, Ecolabs customer support plan for H1N1 flu has resulted in additional sales of infection prevention products such as disinfectants and personal hygiene hand care products. We are also targeting independent accounts and regional chains with additional and redeployed sales people and programs. This includes additional sales people in corporate accounts, distributor sales, regional sales and specialization of sales people in the field, as well as, more sales tools to make them more productive. These actions have resulted in good new account activity and we are continuing our efforts to drive more sales and margin gains. We expect these aggressive sales efforts, investments in our sales team and new account gains to help us to continue to outperform our markets in the fourth quarter and show a sales increase. Kay's third quarter sales grew 4%, and compared to a very strong quarter last year, when sales grew by 21%, Kay offsets slower QSR growth through new product introductions, better penetration and growth in food retail. QSR sales grew moderately in the quarter benefiting from existing customer growth and pricing. The food retail business continued to show strong growth with double digit gains as it benefited from new account growth. New products and programs like the introduction of Solids for QSR, along with customer wins continue to bolster Kay's results. We expect these initiatives along with continued good end-market trends to help drive stronger gains in Kay's fourth quarter. Textile care sales increased 5%. Customer gains along with pricing offset depressed industry conditions. Customers have shown increased interest in the operational savings textile cares products and services can deliver in this tough economy. We look for modest growth in the fourth quarter as business gains and new products continue to offset lower industry volumes. Healthcare sales rose 11%. Excluding acquisitions, sales increased to 8%. Continued solid growth in our infection barrier business and skin care products led the results. We also enjoyed good demand for H1N1 hand sanitizer products in the quarter. Looking ahead, fourth quarter sales should show continued good growth, again led by hand sanitizers in infection barrier sales. Food and beverage reported sales rose 2%. Our core food and beverage business enjoyed good gains in the dairy, beverage and food markets as increased pricing, corporate account wins and new products offset soft results in agri and meat poultry. In the fourth quarter, food and beverage will continue to focus on new account acquisitions and new product sales. However, we will compare against a very strong quarter last year, and we expect weakening markets in agri and food -- and meat and poultry and softer pricing to impact revenues and yield a flattish sales performance. EcoCare sales decreased 5%. The division is focused on pricing and new and more sustainable products, and operational cost efficiency programs to gain new accounts and drive sales. However, these efforts were more than offset by weak market demand due to the economy. We expect the fourth quarter will continue to be a challenging environment and we expect a modest sales increase. Sales for U.S. other services decreased 6% in the third quarter. Pest elimination sales were up 4% in the quarter as gains in the fast food and food and beverages plant markets were offset by soft conditions in restaurant and lodging. We continue to focus on selling basic program to new accounts, as well as, regional and local chain accounts. We are also targeting growth markets like QSR in food and beverage processing, and are working to build contract growth. However, we expect the continued soft economy will result in slightly lower sales in the fourth quarter. QCS sales decreased 11% in the quarter. However, profitability once again, substantially improved over a year ago in the prior quarter. The service and part sales were weak, but appear to have stabilized. Sales pipeline in chain customer interest and the value proposition GCS offers remains good as we are able to demonstrate that our service program and reduced customer downtime and emergency repair. However, slower food service business conditions have resulted in longer decision timelines for new sales. As a result, new account wins were more than offset by general market weakness. Despite the lower sales volumes, GCSs profitability was substantially better compared with last year in the prior quarter as we continue to see productivity and efficiency improvements from the new system. The ERP system is providing the operating information that has led to improved customer and market segment profitability, dispatching improvements, better tech utilization, supply chain improvements and improved working capital management. All of these have helped our operating efficiency and improved overall division profitability. Looking to the fourth quarter, we expect the sales decline to narrow as we invest in sales force additions to drive growth, and we expect GCS will again report significantly improved profitability over the prior year period. Measured in fixed currencies, international sales increased to 1%. Europe, Middle East and Africa sales declined 1% in the third quarter at fixed currency rates. Europe's institutional sales were up modestly. Food service and lodging trends appear to have bottom stabilized whereas in the U.S. we have not yet seen a return to growth. Focused sales efforts targeting new business with regional and local customers, and new products that offer customers cost savings helped to drive new account gains in a soft economy. Food and beverage sales were slightly lower as gains in product sales and major accounts were offset by weak equipment sales. Textile care sales declined reflecting reduced lodging and uniform volumes. Europes healthcare sales reported strong growth as H1N1 sanitizer demand and increased hand hygiene compliance benefited sales. Pest Europes sales were lower as customers reduced ancillary product sales. Europe's business information systems platform work continues to move forward. We have successfully implemented the system in 30% of our European business including our largest country, which is Germany. We will continue the roll out to the remaining system locations over the next 18 months. Asia-Pacific sales grew 2% fixed currencies reflecting the impact of economic uncertainty and low levels of business travel and tourism in the region. Institutional sales were flattish as the recession hurt hotel occupancy and slowed overall catering in the high end hotels. Food and beverage sales rose modestly. Both the beverage and brewing sectors continue to grow benefiting from increased product penetration and account gains. Looking ahead Asia-Pacific expects better sales in the fourth quarter reflecting recent account wins and stabilization of the market. Third quarter sales for Ecolab's Canadian operation increased 6% at fixed exchange rates. Food and beverage, healthcare, vehicle care and pest elimination all reported double-digit sales growth driven by new account gains, institutional sales growth also benefiting from new accounts. Latin American reported a solid sales gain rising 8% at fixed exchange rates as all divisions increased. Institutional growth was driven by new accounts, increased product penetration, as well as, continued success with global and regional accounts. Food and beverage sales reflected good demand in the beverage and brewing markets as well as the benefits of new accounts. Pest elimination continued its excellent performance throughout Latin America. Overall, we expect healthy growth trends to continue in Latin America with another solid gain in the fourth quarter. Turning to margins on the income statement in slide 7 of the presentation, third quarter gross margins increased to 190 basis points and were 50.6% compared with 58.7% last year. Gross margins are continuing their recovery towards levels that existed before the run up in raw material costs. The quarter's gain was driven by pricing, cost savings and improved delivered product cost. SG&A expenses were 35.8 percent of sales, 20 basis points above last year. The higher SG&A ratio reflected savings from our January restructuring, price leverage, and closely managed spending which were more than offset by higher costs and increased investments in our business. Operating income for Ecolab's U.S. cleaning and sanitizing segment increased 17%. Margins expanded by 310 basis points over last year. The increase was driven by pricing, favorable delivered product cost and cost savings. Operating income for U.S. other service grew 3%. Margins expanded by 120 basis points over last year. Growth was driven by improved pricing, productivity and efficiency gains and cost reductions. International fixed currency operating income increased 6%; margins expanded by 50 basis points over last year. Pricing gains and cost savings efforts more than offset easing delivered product cost comparison and continued investments in the business. Delivered product costs are expected to provide a favorable comparison in the fourth quarter. The corporate segment includes special gains and charges which are reported as a separate line item on the income statement. Special gains and charges in the third quarter of 2009 of $7 million included a restructuring charge of $5 million. The corporate segment also includes $6 million of investments and the development of business system and other corporate investments we are making as part of our ongoing effort to improve our efficiency and returns in Europe. These investments are included in pro forma results. Ecolabs reported third quarter consolidated tax rate was 30.2% compared with last years reported 32.1%. Excluding discreet tax items and the tax impact of special gains and charges, the adjusted effective income tax rate for the third quarter 2009 was 32.0% and compared with 30.4% in the third quarter 2008. The increase in adjusted third quarter 2009 effective tax rate was primarily due to lower tax benefits from our international operations which increased the third quarter 2009 adjusted tax rate, as well as, tax benefits in the prior year, which reduced the third quarter 2008 adjusted tax rate. We expect the full year 2009 tax rate to approximate 2008, 31.6% rate. The net of this performance is that Ecolabs reported fourth quarter diluted net income per share was $0.60 compared with $0.50 reported a year-ago. When adjusted for special gains and charges and discrete tax items in both years pro forma earnings increased 11% to $0.61 when compared with $0.55 earned a year-ago. Turning to slide 8 Ecolab's balance sheet and cash flow remains strong. Total debt to total capital was 33% at September 30 compared with 32% reported a year ago and 42% at year end 2008. Our net debt at September 30 was 29%. We also made a voluntary cash contribution to our pension plan of $75 million in September, bringing our total 2009 voluntary U.S. pension plan contributions to $125 million. Slide 9 shows our forecast for the fourth quarter and full year 2009. The press release includes line item forecasts of our fourth quarter P&L. As previously discussed, we look for continued slow market conditions and are taking appropriate actions to drive both the top and bottom lines in these markets. We have been successful in using our new products that help customers reduce their costs and improve their efficiency along with our service strength to capture market share and drive growth. Further, margins are recovering and we are using them to continue to make investments in key areas like corporate account sales, R&D, healthcare, water and energy, and global pest eliminations to drive future growth. In the fourth quarter, we look for our U.S. operations to show a modest sales increase as new account gains and the reversal of the first quarter distributor incentive program change more than offset continued challenging conditions. We will continue to emphasize products that provide unparallel performance and energy and cost savings for customers. We expect them to provide further differentiation and opportunity and help drive results. We look for international sales to be similar to last year and fixed exchange rates as good growth from Canada, Latin America and Asia-Pacific are offset by soft trends in Europe. Net we expect pro forma diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items to increase 20% or more to the $0.54 to $0.57 range compared with pro forma earnings per share of $0.45 earned a year ago. In summary, as noted on slide 10, we performed effectively in the third quarter against very tough conditions and delivered on our forecast as we also invested for our future and despite the expected challenges from weak markets, we continue to look for a strong fourth quarter gain and expect to deliver a very attractive performance for the full year 2009. That concludes our remarks. This conference call and the associated slides will be available for replay on our web site. Operator, would you please begin the question-and-answer period.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Bob Koort  Goldman Sachs: Good morning, Mike. Hello?
Operator: Bob, please go ahead with your question.
Bob Koort  Goldman Sachs: Can you hear me? Hello?
Doug Baker: Operator, it seems we have a problem.
Bob Koort  Goldman Sachs: Mike, can you hear me?
Michael Monahan: I can hear you now Bob. Can you hear us?
Bob Koort  Goldman Sachs: Absolutely. My question for you is on institutional business, early in the year you guys talked about changing a program with the distributor and that it should have a backend benefit, are we going to see that, did we see in the third quarter and are we going to see in the fourth?
Doug Baker: Yes, Bob, Doug Baker. We exactly did talk about first and fourth quarter, we have not seen it in the third quarter. We didnt expect to. We will see it in the fourth quarter, and we anticipate institutional sales will be positive and part of that positive is clearly going to be the promotion impact.
Bob Koort  Goldman Sachs: And then the U.S. margins that you guys are delivering now, do you think there is upside to that as you go forward or is most of the upside going to be around demand, resuscitation and revenue growth?
Doug Baker: I think our conversation around margins has been -- we have got two sizable opportunities in front of us. Clearly, there is a top-line opportunity, we chase the big market and have a 10 to 11 share. And the others within the business weve got a number of opportunities in terms of driving improved margins by driving efficiency within the company. So, our expectation overtime is that we will continue to grow our margin, but a lot of its going to come through work within the company.
Bob Koort  Goldman Sachs: And then lastly, if I just might ask, the raw material outlook, I know its been somewhat volatile end of this year, what would be your expectation next year for that and the pricing response you might implement?
Doug Baker: Yes, I think our view on the raw material market at least our momentary view is, its going to, we expect the raw materials will be favorable next year versus this year, particularly in the first half. Simply because you got to remember the base they're going against.
Bob Koort  Goldman Sachs: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of PJ Juvekar with Citi.
PJ Juvekar  Citi: Yes. Hi, good afternoon. How big are your sales of disinfections and sanitary and washing products targeted towards H1NI, and what kind of growth are you seeing and where could the sales go?
Doug Baker: Yes, PJ, they aren't overall a huge percentage of our sales. Call it, the 4% range of total sales. And they're up -- what we've got certain categories that are up quite dramatically, hand sanitizer, etcetera as probably the most impacted, but overall that segment is up double digits in most markets.
PJ Juvekar  Citi: Okay. And then you cited pricing several times. Can you just quantify what kind of pricing did you put through recently, and what are the expectations for 2010?
Doug Baker: PJ, a lot of this pricing was pricing that we put in place over the last 12 months, and much of it was in response to the write -- the write-up on raw materials that we've seen over the years. As we've always said, we don't try to catch up in any one period. We do this and meet it out over a period of time, so that we eventually get there, but don't shock our customers as we go through. I think our expectation is as we've said previously, in the next year, as you are not going to see the same level of pricing as we had had say in the back half of last year, nor throughout this year. It's going to be much more in the call it the 1% range or traditional range.
PJ Juvekar  Citi: And so how much or what kind of pricing did you get in the last 12 months? If 1% is your traditional?
Doug Baker: I'd say about three. We left the year -- last year at a run rate around four, moving into this year, 4%. Probably for the year this year I think three is probably the right number.
PJ Juvekar  Citi: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Harrison with First Analysis.
Mike Harrison  First Analysis: Hi, good afternoon.
Doug Baker: Hello.
Mike Harrison  First Analysis: Looking at the Kay business, I think there's a little bit of concern on the QSR side about the sustainability of customer traffic in a recovery, given what you guys posted here, just 4% growth year-over-year. Can you talk about what you're seeing in terms of customer order patterns here so far in the fourth quarter, and maybe share some of your expectations for growth rates going forward over the next few quarters in that business?
Doug Baker:
 :
Mike Harrison  First Analysis: And then, I was wondering if you could give us an update on our relationship with Cisco and increasing sales to some of their top-tier customers. Do you feel like thats potential share gain has been mostly captured, or is there still little bit of room to go?
Doug Baker: We believe there is sizable room to go. I think we've been very pleased with Cisco as well with the progress weve made year-to-date. But, as with all of these initiatives you learn quite a bit as you go through it. Our team has just, in fact, re-launched an initiative with Cisco to go, if you will, double down on this effort within the last three weeks. So, we like the prospects going forward. We do not believe that we've fully mined that area.
Mike Harrison  First Analysis: And then a question on food and beverage, I was wondering if you could talk about the Ecovation business, how that performed during the quarter and whether you are starting to see some of the customers come back, try to give us an update there?
Doug Baker: Yes, I would say the water business is doing better. Ecovation, specifically, we have not seen, what I would say, the turnaround that we anticipate, because you've still got people watching their money, and any business tied to credit is still fundamentally impaired moving in year end. Ecovation is one of the few businesses that we have that depends on free flow of credit. But its a very small piece of our total business. In long term, Ecovation is exactly the right opportunity. So, I would also point out that the conversation we're having with the large players, the push for finding ways to recycle water, use less water, consume less water, find ways to generate energy are only heightening, they're not going away. So, long-term, this is exactly the right technology to own. It's not exactly the best time to own it.
Mike Harrison  First Analysis: Would you say that in general you're seeing maybe an increase in the number of sales leads thats just closing those sales that the customers are doing in as (inaudible).
Doug Baker: Yes, I would say, I mean, I think there are two things. One, if we look at the F&B and water space in total, I think we feel very bullish about that business over the near and midterm but precisely what you touch on. It will depend on the technology they need or where they want, but there is huge interest from our customer base in helping them maintain a high level of hygiene but do it and reduced in using less water and less energy and Ecovation plays into that. So, I would say the lead list is long. There are other technologies that were deploying as well to go meet some of these needs. And I think as credit becomes more available, I think you will start seeing Ecovation sales pop [ph], too.
Mike Harrison  First Analysis: All right, thanks very much, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Amanda Seguin  Jefferies: Hi, this is Amanda Seguin on for Laurence. I was wondering if on the healthcare side, you could you give us an update after doing the initial service protocol trials, how that's going there?
Doug Baker: Yes, to protect model continues to look extremely promising. Id say all the work that we're doing in hospitals is proving the concept that is actually clean and reduced bacteria loads, new have an improvement long-term in infections. I don't know if you saw it today, the Wall Street Journal, in section R-6, there's 10 steps to prohibiting infection in hospitals were referenced to step one. So, I think the word is getting out, and there's a lot of, I think, interest in this area, and we remain quite bullish on our healthcare initiative and protect.
Amanda Seguin  Jefferies: Okay, and then just a second on demand trends in Europe. Could you just expand a little bit about what youre seeing there as far as competitor behavior?
Doug Baker: Yes, I don't know that we've seen any significant change in competitive behavior in Europe. What I would say about demand in general in Europe is, its stabilized, and I think we're pretty confident that we have seen the bottom in terms of demand destruction in Europe. So, if anything that business appears to be firming up.
Amanda Seguin  Jefferies: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee with Barclays Capital.
Gary Bisbee  Barclays Capital: Hi guys, good afternoon. I guess the first question, how much benefit do you think you are likely to get in 2010 from the cost action taken early this year? Obviously it seems like the benefit your margins this year are back loaded, there would be some flow-through in the first half of next year, but I guess I'm trying to get a sense if you think that you've done enough now to position yourself for without a big volume spike, it continued up year-over-year margin story next year?
Doug Baker: Yes, Gary, I guess when we -- so if you are talking about the activity that we undertook beginning in January, we talked about roughly $75 million annual benefit. We're going to realize roughly $55 million of that this year and another $20 million incremental next year as we go through. So, the year-on-year delta will be about $20 million, and you're right. It's going to be principally in the first half that we'll recognize this. We have a number of other initiatives underway within the company that simply aren't part of, "the restructuring efforts" but theyre all designed to help drive efficiency or lift margin in both a up-sales cycle or a flat-sales cycle. So, I think we're completely aware. My assumption next year is I don't think the economy is going to be nearly as rosy as some of the other predictions. So, our expectation is that it's going to be what I would call another difficult demand year. Not in all markets. Lodging probably gets marginally better. Foodservice, I think is going to be a difficult year. And I think healthcare and food and beverage government will remain fairly healthy like they were this year. But we aren't planning on any big boomerang effect next year or big spike up in demand from an economic turnaround.
Gary Bisbee  Barclays Capital: One of the things that I think was a key take away from your Investor Day was just to focus on all the margin opportunities you have. I guess, you said earlier some are volume driven, some are just efficiencies. Is that the right way for us to think about that this is more of an evolutionary process, where you'd love to get some number, well, say it's 50 basis points a year over the next five years or should we think about -- is that how we should think about that if not -- sort of how should we think about that 1,000 points of margin potentially you talked about?
Doug Baker: Yes, Gary, it will be more evolutionary, and so as we discussed in that Investor Day, this will come over a period of time and this year we maintained our significant investments in this area. So, EBS in Europe remains on track. We ended up spending exactly what we planned to spend on EBS. We now have over 30% of the business, two more countries going on in the next few weeks. In that geography, we're doing a number of things in terms of' efficiency studies which is one-time spend in the second half so that we understand more clearly how to go capture a number of these opportunities. We've invested in key talents in number of positions so that we could go capitalize on it at once when we understand the path. So, I think there has been a lot of work done this year, very beneficial work to enable us to capture that. It overall came at once. We frankly don't want fixed Ecolab to growth. We are a growth company first, but we are a growth company with terrific upside in terms of margin opportunity within the business within our control.
Gary Bisbee  Barclays Capital: Okay, and then just lastly, its probably too early to say, but do you expect any real change here in competitiveness or strategy due to the recap of JohnsonDiversey ,and as part of that is there any general update on share gains, that you  and how that trends over last quarter? Thanks a lot.
Doug Baker: Yes. While, look we have been  our focus has remained, which is at the end of the day, we're the leader in this business. Our focus or responsibilities for our customer and gaining new ones, and thats exactly what were going to continue to do, which is a big market. We've got a relatively small share, and our focus is increasing that share. In terms of how are we doing there, I would say we've talked earlier in the year that even in spite of a downturn we wanted to continue to up our investment in our corporate account selling talent. We've done exactly that. We've got, I think a great team, a stronger team. It's stronger in every region, much better I think, and we are very actively pursuing what I consider a great lift of customer opportunities around the world, probably the best list we've looked at in a long time. And with turndowns like this, you will have some unique opportunities that we're working to capitalize on. We've already have gotten a number that have said yes. We don't announce who, and we have not installed them, but we are trying to get many more. It is the way we are going offset what we consider a soft demand cycle. We really want to grow our share and grow share of units aggressively.
Gary Bisbee  Barclays Capital: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Shaw with Ticonderoga Securities.
Chris Shaw  Ticonderoga Securities: Hi, guys. I belong to Ticonderoga. Will you just talk about the hand sanitizing opportunity, was it even an EPS impact or is it $0.1 or was it nothing?
Doug Baker: I think it's nonmaterial. We're glad we were able to help the communities that we served and the customers meet the challenge that H1N1 represents. It certainly helped sales during that period. You would not say H1N1 negated soft demand from the overall economy, by any stretch. And I think the team has done a very good job. We got on supply back in May, and built it all through the summer, so that we were able to meet the demand, when many other people frankly are out at this point of time the hand sanitizer (inaudible). But I said earlier, I don't think this is a reason to go buy Ecolab. I think you got to look at the long-term sustainable macro trends. That's the reason to invest in this company.
Chris Shaw  Ticonderoga Securities: Right. Then in the Fast-Casual restaurant customers, what are you seeing there? Are they coming back with better ordering yet, or they are still sort of strapped?
Doug Baker: I would say the general view on North American Foodservice, and you are going to have to separate this somewhat, Europe foodservices is probably bottomed and moving in the right direction. I mean, it was never as big a business as North American. Asia and Latin American continue, are starting to move forward as well. When you look at North American in a fast casual, mid casual, all those segments continue to be under real pressure. For them, it's going to be a share game, and I think that market has changed and probably changed for the future. I think it's changed in a way that worked quite well for us, but our customers are going to need us to help them run their units more efficiently. And thats going to be a key focus in that industry going forward. We do quite well in industries that are gone through this. So, we look forward to the challenge, but they're not going to be growing through just wild unit expansion anymore. So they are changing their game. We're ready and understand it, and have changed ours and are already out there with things like Apex and other programs that helps them to minimize expense in operating the restaurants.
Chris Shaw  Ticonderoga Securities: Just quickly, in Europe is there any geography that's doing better than the others?
Doug Baker: Yes, I think Spain is having a spell of difficulty, obviously. I think our performance probably mirrors what you read broadly about the economy in Europe.
Chris Shaw  Ticonderoga Securities: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John McNulty with Credit Suisse.
John McNulty  Credit Suisse: Yes, good afternoon. Just two quick questions. You had mentioned you have a pretty big new account list in Europe that you're really going after and targeting and it looks like new accounts have definitely been helping you this year. Have you gained more accounts than you have lost, over the last, say six to nine months? And in terms of the ones that you are losing, whether they're going broke or maybe looking for cheaper alternatives, have you seen that decline there slow at all?
Doug Baker: Yes, I'd yes to both questions. So, if I focus on probably the most impacted, one of the most impacted areas U.S. institutional, we closed the quarter with more accounts than we started the quarter and the situation is the same for the year. Now, we also had, I think, to your point, as we talked about earlier in the year, quite a few accounts who went out of business that were closed. And we always go through these cycles. We have seen, I guess, a slowdown of the, what we call declining business or lost business line in the institutional business, which is what we would expect and what weve predicted. So, that's acting as it's acted in past recessions.
John McNulty  Credit Suisse: Okay that's helpful. And then just one last question. I know, recently you just made I guess a small acquisition in pest in the UK. Your balance sheet is in pretty solid shape. Can you just kind of give us an update in terms of what you're seeing in terms of acquisition opportunities out there, if there's more coming down the pike and what we should be thinking about going forward?
Doug Baker: Yes, John, the list has been pretty long for a while. I would say our point on remaining disciplined I think continues to be the headline. We want to  what we think we will be able to leverage this balance sheet. I think these opportunities will pop but we aren't going to go chase them with dollars to accelerate both process. We still believe time remains on our side and we pursue a more active, and there's a number of whom [ph] we very much like to add to the company. But we want to do it in a way that makes sense for shareholders.
John McNulty  Credit Suisse: Are you seeing price starting -- prices out there starting to get to maybe more appropriate levels, on ones that you would be more interested in?
Doug Baker: I guess there are some signs but the ultimate sign is closing the deal. And until we close them, I have to say I've seen signs but not the only sign that matters. But yes, we always had some people that weve both walked away from a discussion and we have started talking again, but until we close it, its not, there's nothing really to comment on. I'll be disappointed if in the next 15 months we noted have some successes under our belt there.
John McNulty  Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Yang with Oppenheimer.
Ed Yang  Oppenheimer & Co.: Hi, Doug. Just to expand on the earlier questions in terms of getting efficiencies from your business, your CapEx spending in the quarter was down about 27% year-over-year, and it was down over 30% in the first half of the year. So, short-term, first question, how are you doing that? And from a longer term perspective, 15 years ago, if I look back, you were spending like 8% of your revenue on CapEx. That came down to more like 6% in recent years and now you are down to 4% of revenue on CapEx. Is this basically a long-term secular trend in terms of spending less CapEx relative to revenue growth?
Doug Baker: Yes, I think when we were heading into this, we clearly took a hard look at how were spending capital and what were the areas that we could get after that would be a positive from a cash generation. And so we made some shifts during the year where we ended up spending more money on refurbing dish machines versus buying new ones, which clearly has a very positive effect on your capital spend. Weve got somewhat a negative effect on your immediate P&L but it was the smart move to make from the business standpoint. I just think the crisis caused us to re-look at some of the patterns that we have on spending. I would say if you want from a model standpoint, we think 6% is more the right number than 4% over the long haul. But with that said, we have our ROIC focus. We want to make sure we're doing the right thing with capital. We have reorganized how we manage our merchandising equipment, procurement and manufacturing growth with the specific goal in mind of helping drive down the cost of each unit, which is only going to further improved capital spend and return on invested capital. So, that's one of the areas we believe we have got opportunity in as well. So, I just think its part of the overall focus. I'm not ready to declare four as the new run-rate. I think that's premature. But I do believe that we're going to improve in this area over the long haul.
Ed Yang  Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay, that's helpful. On the pest side of the business, revenues declined year-over-year, and they had been kind of hanging in there, especially relative to what you were seeing in the institutional side of that business. Does that business lag or when do you expect pest elimination to return to growth?
Doug Baker: I think pest typically lags in terms of -- it moves a little later in some of our direct consumption businesses. And as customers experience longer periods of economic challenges they start going after different areas. Pest is one of those businesses where if you do a good job you don't have a problem in unit. So there's an assumption that all of a sudden nature has changed and cockroaches have vacated, but they tend to come back. So, typically we go through this period where we see people go away then we will see people start migration back. I would expect pest with our expectation for pest to grow next year. I dont think it will be a double-digit business next year but we expect it to be growing.
Ed Yang  Oppenheimer & Co.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli with Ingalls & Snyder.
Rosemarie Morbelli  Ingalls & Snyder: Good afternoon, guys. On the margin, the 20.4% of operating margin on your U.S. cleaning and sanitizing business is really at its highest point even for a third quarter. Were there anything special in that particular number meaning that the 20.4 is kind of the high end, or can you reasonably get it higher than that?
Doug Baker: Yeas I would say third quarter in that business is always a seasonal high from a volume standpoint. So, you will naturally see some margin lift from the high -- the peak volume quarter, but I wouldn't say there was nothing unusual, i.e. one-timer that improved it or anything like that. It was more, I think, a recognition of a lot of the work that has been done in that area to recoup margin, quite candidly, that had been lost over the number of years that we've seen raw material inflation. Is there a -- yes, there's a natural governor on margin probably in all business. I don't feel like you've seen it in our businesses, simply because we know of the inefficiency within the businesses at this point in time. And so I don't think we're here to declare that we've seen the peak in U.S. cleaning and sanitizing.
Rosemarie Morbelli  Ingalls & Snyder: However, in that number, if you don't mind my pursuing this, excuse me, in that number, there is a certain amount of maybe incentives that you are not paying and other temporarily eliminated costs that will come back when volume will come back. So when this does occur, can we still look at a strong third quarter in around those levels?
Doug Baker: Rosemarie, you are talking about -- let's be clear on these incentives or -- can you be clear, what incentives do you think we're avoiding this quarter?
Rosemarie Morbelli  Ingalls & Snyder: Well, I am assuming that given while you have done very well throughout the year, given the environment, maybe some bonuses that have been reduced, that sort of thing, which -- travel may have been cut, which eventually will have to come back, those kinds of expenses which may come back when demand actually picks up again?
Doug Baker: I think there are -- I think in fairness, there are some puts and takes in terms of, I guess, a normal operating environment. Certainly, we've been down on travel and a number of other areas, but that's not an overwhelming number. From an incentive standpoint, and a pay standpoint, we've got bonuses that are in place, but we've got other bonuses. Frankly, bonuses for this year are likely going to be up over last year, particularly in the second half because last year we started ripping them down, because we had this very unforeseen crisis hit the business as we go So I think if you start putting these puts and takes together, it's more normal than you might imagine.
Rosemarie Morbelli  Ingalls & Snyder: Okay, that is very helpful. Thanks. And then on the international margin, have you made as much progress as you were anticipating, or youll expect to do much better in the fourth quarter even though the demand will not have picked up yet?
Doug Baker: I think the margin rebound in international and Europe as the main driver of that segment, was pretty much, as we I think played out in the last call where I think there was a lot of questions given what happened in the first and second quarter. But Europe rebounded as we said, and we said I think it was going to be 8%, 9%. It was a little on the north end of that for the quarter. And I think for the half, we stick with that forecast, even with a little lighter demand in the fourth quarter, which is natural.
Rosemarie Morbelli  Ingalls & Snyder: So, you are sticking with the 8% to 9%? I am sorry, Doug. You mean you are sticking with the 8% to 9% for the second half, or are we raising it actually to the third quarter margin level for international?
Doug Baker: No, I would stick with the second half number.
Rosemarie Morbelli  Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. And then lastly, meat and poultry were actually hurting in the last few quarters. What do we expect to see in 2010? Is it a question on the big animals of the size of the herds and the cost of feeding all of those animals and so on and therefore people raising fewer of them? And can you go -- I want to know over what is going on the poultry side, and whether you see an improvement or a pickup in 2010 in both categories?
Doug Baker: I think the only thing we know for certain is long-term beef is going to go up, rise considerably just because of how people are managing their herds at this point in time. I think poultry is going to be a big issue and a lot of it its going to depend on what happens from an export standpoint and how the U.S. is going to manage through some of the bearers that were temporarily put in place or threatened in place. I think, our outlook weve competed in all these segments. There is always switching between protein sources. We would expect that to continue. I think our outlook for the food and beverage space in general, you don't want to get too specific about which protein is fairly positive through 2010 really in almost all regions. And I think it probably strengthens throughout the year as things settle down, just fundamentally there are still going to be more people on earth, and they are going to eat.
Rosemarie Morbelli  Ingalls & Snyder: All right, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Ridley-Lane with Banc of America Merrill Lynch.
David Ridley-Lane  Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, can you rank the items you're spending discretionary SG&A dollars on right now? Is the ERP system the number one use of cash or is it more sales force increases? Just sort of go through your top three or four spending items. Thanks.
Doug Baker: Our focus is on second half, if that's helpful.
David Ridley-Lane  Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, that's very helpful.
Doug Baker: Absolutely. I mean, EBS would be one of the major spend areas and probably the largest in terms of dollars, because as we roll out things from the balance sheet start flowing through the P&L.
Michael Monahan:
 :
Doug Baker: The ERP system in Europe, SAP, however you want to refer to it. We've got a number of what I will call R&D, technical acceleration projects that are also occurring in the second half. We have got a number of technologies, some that we're licensing, and the way the licenses are structured they have one-time impact in the second half that we're taking on because we like the technology and feel confident it's going to help us moving forward in 2010. Healthcare remains one of the large investment areas for the company. We talked to protect model earlier. Theres a number of other technology bets that we've made and put into this business, so I think that team is managing that area quite well. R&D is up in the second half and refer to the R&D acceleration that Ive discussed. Then we've got a number of one-off efficiency studies, which are really one-timers that we've also put in place to help build the road map to get after some of the margin opportunities that we know exist. And so there's a series of those that we've also conducted in the second half. So, all in all I think we went into this year protecting investments. If anything we've increased the investments as we moved throughout the year with 2010 and '11 in mind, not just 2009.
David Ridley-Lane  Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you very much. That was very helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research.
Dmitry Silversteyn  Longbow Research: Good morning or good afternoon, I should say. Just wanted to follow-up on the top line impact of H1N1 that PJ asked about, I understand it was a much of the bottom-line impact. But do you expect that to carry over and perhaps you didnt get stronger into the fourth quarter and have some carryover into the first month or two of 2010 first quarter?
Doug Baker: Yes, I don't know how far out we can see on H1N1. It's roughly, probably 10 million incremental sales in the third quarter. We would expect it to be maybe up to 20 million incremental in the fourth quarter.
Dmitry Silversteyn  Longbow Research: Okay.
Doug Baker: These are year-on-year. What happens in the first quarter, I dont know, really depends how fast the governments are able to get the vaccinations in place and how successful we are controlling right the virus spread, and that's not an easy thing to predict. I won't pretend that we can do it. The governments are behind where they had hoped to be in terms of getting this out, and you can see a fairly significant acceleration in the virus spread.
Dmitry Silversteyn  Longbow Research: Right.
Doug Baker: Perhaps this gets out. So, we give you our picture through the fourth quarter.
Dmitry Silversteyn  Longbow Research: Okay. That's helpful, thank you. Excuse me. We've seen a pretty meaningful improvement in margins of the international business to double-digit levels here. Was that driven more by regions outside of Europe or have European margins improved as well?
Michael Monahan: No, there is definite improvement in Europe in the quarter, Dmitry. So, it was a leader in driving the quarter.
Dmitry Silversteyn  Longbow Research: And thats coming from reduced European sponsors relatively speaking to the levels previously or is that function of the initiatives that you took over the past 12 to 18 months to improve the profitability in the business, or is it just mix happened to be richer this quarter?
Doug Baker: Yes, I would say its a couple things. Actually, the ERP implementation costs move up as you move throughout the year, because they go up as you expand and you roll out. I would say what's happening is, we took a number of pricing actions, a mix actions, efficiency actions to respond to the DPC or the product cost run up that we talk about that peaked in the first quarter. Then weve also seen as we expected a reduction in on raw material costs in Europe from the peak.
Dmitry Silversteyn  Longbow Research: Got you. And then to follow-up on the question on pricing, you talked about having an expectation of about 1% price component, average [ph] price component in 2010. We've seen basic raw material costs or basic costs start to move up fairly aggressively in the second half of the year. It remains to be seen what they do in 2010. Europe, raw material pricing is delayed by several months or quarters. So you would expect the raw materials to be still positive in 2010 versus 2009, and so the profitability should be augmented by that 1% pricing rather than having to fight through a high raw material cost? Is that the way to think about that?
Doug Baker: I think what we said earlier as we expect 2010 to be favorable, i.e. we will spend nominally less on raw materials in 2010 for the year versus 2009. So, I guess the answer then is yes. I would also point out that the way we go after margin is two-fold. Traditionally, and we are going to be much more in the traditional model, we bring out new technology, which adds meaningful benefit to customers, and within that technology rollout we also try to have expanded margin. And that's traditionally how we drive margin improvement, not through what I call naked price increases.
Dmitry Silversteyn  Longbow Research: Right.
Doug Baker: The real move to naked price increases was a result of really runaway raw material costs during a period of time where technology waves, alone wasn't going to enable to us maintain margin, given the raw material increases. So, I think what are seeing is we are going to be going back to more traditional model at Ecolab, which is driving margin enhancements through new technology.
Dmitry Silversteyn  Longbow Research: I understand. Okay. Thank you very much. That's all the questions I had.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of John Roberts with Buckingham Research.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: Can you hear me?
Doug Baker: Yes.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: On GCS, are there any metrics you can cite that would show progress there, obviously it's not on a gross numbers, but I'm thinking about number of pieces of equipment maybe including contracts, even if the customer doesn't need service on them, are you at least broadening the scope with the existing customers, maybe, some of youve had more than 12 months, adding more equipment under the contract?
Doug Baker: Yes, John, this is Doug. What we almost made it through a whole call without a question on GCS. So it's appropriate. Here's what I would tell you. I need to look, the first metric is in the quarter our loss was around $1.5 million. So, we continue to bring down to the loss. We've talked that if its cash flow positive at this point in time, that remained true. So, we've continued to see, I think, much improved profit performance. GCS is shifting gears to start getting after how do we go expand the customer base, now that we know incremental customers need incrementally positive dollars and that's exactly the phase that they're in at this point in time. So, I think in a tough economy that team has done a very good job, leveraging the investments weve made to improve the profitability, which are obviously masked by the impairment on the top line due to the economy. But we like the work that's going on there.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: Thank you.
Operator: And we have no further questions. I will turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Michael Monahan: Thanks, everyone. That wraps up our third quarter conference call. As mentioned, this call will be posted on our website along with the associated slides. So, thank you for your participation and our best wishes for a great day to all of you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-28 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Monahan  VP, External Relations Doug Baker  Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer 
Analysts: Andrea Wirth  Robert Baird Amanda Seguin  Jefferies Steve Schwartz  First Analysis Bob Koort  Goldman Sachs Ed Yang  Oppenheimer Mark Gulley  Soleil Securities Nate Brochman  William Blair and Company Gary Bisbee  Barclays Capital Rosemarie Morbelli  Ingalls & Snyder John McNulty  Credit Suisse David Ridley-Lane  Banc of America PJ Juvekar  Citi Jeff Zekauskas  J.P. Morgan Dmitry Silversteyn  Longbow Research John Roberts  Buckingham Research Amy Johnson  Goldman Sachs 
Operator: Welcome to the Ecolab second quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. (Operator instructions) Now, Id like to turn the call over to Ecolab. Mr. Monahan, Vice President, External Relations.
Michael Monahan: Welcome to Ecolab's second quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman, President, and CEO, who will join us for the Q&A session following our review of the quarter's results. A copy of our earnings release and the slides referenced in this teleconference are available on Ecolab's web site at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statement on slide two stating this teleconference and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Form 10-K under item 1A Risk Factors, in our first quarter earnings release, and in slide two. We also refer you to the earnings release which includes supplemental diluted earnings per share information.  Starting with slide 3, in the second quarter, we delivered results at the top end of our forecast, despite very challenging market conditions, unfavorable currency trends, and substantially higher year-over-year delivered product costs as we aggressively drove new account gains, new product sales, pricing, and cost reductions. Looking ahead, we expect to continue to outperform our markets and deliver superior growth once again in 2009.  Starting with some highlights from the quarter as we move on to slides 4, reported second quarter 2009 EPS were $0.41. On a pro forma basis, excluding special gains and charges and discreet tax items from both years, second quarter 2009 earnings per share were $0.50 compared with $0.47 last year, an increase of 6%. Pro forma earnings per share were driven by strong new account gains, pricing, and cost savings including about $0.04 from our restructuring and the impact of new production which more than offset about $0.05 from our higher delivered product costs and $0.05 of unfavorable foreign exchange impact. We also continued to make key investments in R&D, systems, and people that are important to sustain long-term success in our strategic growth areas. In the U.S., we achieved double digit strong sales growth in our Kay and healthcare businesses and solid growth from our core food and beverage business. International showed strong sales gains in Latin America and Canada, while Asia-Pacific reported modest growth, and Europe, Middle East, and Africa declined. To drive results in this more challenging environment, we have continued to be aggressive in developing topline growth as we emphasized our innovative products that provide customers with labor, energy, and water savings. Were using these products to help deliver new account acquisitions among our national, regional and independent prospects. We have also focused on cost savings, emphasizing productivity and efficiency improvements and increased pricing to recover higher raw material costs. Looking ahead, while it appears the economy may have stabilized, weve not seen enough turn in our major markets and are not counting on a recovery this year. We expect we will need to continue to work hard to drive sales and will closely manage our costs to deliver EPS growth this year, and if the markets do pick up, we will clearly benefit from our extra efforts. We expect pro forma EPS for the third quarter to be in the $0.58 to $0.61 range compared with pro forma EPS of $0.55 in the third quarter 2008. We tightened the top and bottom ends of our forecasted EPS range to $1.96 to $2.02. We continue to expect modest fixed currency sales growth in the second half of 2009. However, favorable delivered product costs and the impact of cost savings should provide significant benefit to operating margins. In summary, we expect another strong performance for Ecolab in a very challenging 2009 environment as strong sales efforts enable us to gain new accounts and better sales penetration. We will also continue to implement appropriate pricing and cost reductions to deliver steady growth and shelter returns while continuing to invest for future growth. Turning to the details as shown in slide 5, Ecolab's reported consolidated sales for the second quarter declined 8%. However, sales were flat at fixed currency rates. Looking at the components, volume and mix declined 4%, pricing was up 4%, and currency reduced sales by 8%.  Slide 6 includes growth by segment and by division. Sales for the U.S. cleaning and sanitizing operations increased 1%. Institutional sales were off 3% as new account gains, new products, and pricing enabled us to outperform lower demand from lodging and food service customers. We have not seen improvement in institutional major end markets and do not expect a pickup this year. We remain focused on driving sales gains in 2001 using innovative products like our Apex wear washing program and Wash and Walk the provides superior performance while delivering demonstrable water, energy, and labor savings as customers look for cost savings and efficiency in this tight economy. Our Apex wear washing system which enables us to help customer reduce dish room cost and lower their environmental impact continue to show strong growth and help lead sales for new accounts. Further, Ecolabs customer support plan for H1N1 swine flu has resulted in additional sales of infection prevention products such as disinfectants and personal hygiene hand care products. Were also targeting independent accounts and regional chains with additional and redeployed salespeople and programs. This includes additional sales people in corporate accounts, distributor sales, regional sales, and specialization of salespeople in the field.  In addition, were utilizing improved prospecting tools and software. These actions have resulted in good new account activity, and were continuing our efforts to drive more gains in the second half. We expect these aggressive sales efforts and new account gains to help us continue to outperform our markets in the second half.  Kay's second quarter sales grew 13%, primarily reflecting new account gains and new product sales. Business trends remain strong in quick service restaurants with continued good ongoing demand from major existing and new fast food chain accounts. The food retail business continued to show strong growth with a double-digit gain. New products and programs like Solids for QSR, along with customer wins continue to bolster Kay's results. We expect these initiatives along with continued good end-market trends to help drive strong gains in Kay's third quarter of 2009. Textile care sales increased 1%. Good new account sales along with pricing offset depressed industry conditions. Customers have shown increased interest in the total cost operational savings textile cares products and services can deliver in this tough economy. We look for continued modest growth in the third quarter as business gains and new markets continue to offset lower industry volumes. Healthcare sales rose 13%. Acquisitions accounted for 2% of that growth. Continued solid growth for our surgical drape businesses from patient warming systems and flu-related hand sanitizer sales led the results. The new non-aerosol foaming sanitizer for skin care as well as Asepti-Wraps for surgical instruments also continued to generate good customer interest. Looking ahead, third quarter sales should show continued good growth led by the surgical business. Food and beverage reported sales rose 3%. Our core food and beverage business enjoyed good gains in the dairy, beverage, agri, and food markets as better pricing, corporate account wins and new products drove a 6% sales increase. Water care sales were off slightly as shortfalls in the commercial markets where mostly offset by the focus on our corporate account opportunities, particularly in food and beverage. As expected, Ecovation sales were down from last year on a comparable basis reflecting the weak economy and tight capital markets. Customer interest remains good as the need for Ecovation's affluent management and energy systems remain strong. The sales of the smaller solid separation treatment units are good, but customers are reluctant to commit to the larger plant treatments or make major capital commitments in the current uncertain economy. We expect good sales trends once again in the third quarter for the food and beverage business as we continue to focus on new account acquisition, new product sales, and expansion of our water management platform.  Vehicle care sales decreased 9%. Weak demand due to the recession more than offset better pricing and new more sustainable products and programs. Vehicle care is focused on new programs and new market opportunities to drive sales. The division continued the roll out of a recently introduced operational cost management program to help car wash operators critically analyze their operations and achieve cost savings through energy and water conservation. This should help boost future sales. We expect the Third quarter will continue to be a challenging environment. Sales for U.S. other services decreased 5% in the second quarter. Pest elimination sales were flat in the quarter as gains in the fast food and food and beverage plant markets continued to offset weak conditions in restaurants and lodging. We continue to be focused on selling basic programs to new accounts as well as regional and local chain accounts. We are also targeting growth markets like QSR and food and beverage processing. These seem to be having a positive impact with customers starting to show interest in new contracts and ancillary services. These will take time to work through the sales, but is appears some stabilization is beginning to show. We expect pest elimination to show flattish trends in the second half.  GCS results decreased 15% for the quarter; however, profitability once again substantially improved over a year ago and the prior quarter. Service and part sales were weak. The sales pipeline and chain customer interest remained very good, and we are able to demonstrate the value of our service programs, which reduce customer downtime and emergency repairs. New account wins were more than offset by current uncertain economy which has resulted in reduced spending as customers delay repairs and in longer decision time lines for new sales. Despite the lower sales volume, GCS profitability was substantially better as gross margins and SG&A ratios improved, dramatically shrinking the operating loss over last year as we continued to productivity and efficiency improvements from the new systems.  The new ERP system is providing the operating information that has led to improved customer and market segment profitability, dispatching improvements, better tech utilization, supply chain improvements, and improved working capital management. All of these have helped our operating efficiency and improved overall division profitability. Looking to the third quarter, we expect sales to be off due to the weak economy and decreased customer repair activity, but we expect GCS will again report significantly improved profitability over the prior year period. Measured in fixed currencies, international sales decreased 1%. Europe, Middle East and Africa sales declined 4% in the second quarter at fixed currency rates. Europe's institutional sales declined as food service and lodging trends were weak. In response, we have dedicated sales resources, targeting new business and emphasized new products and the cost savings we offer customers to drive market share. Food and beverage sales declined reflecting lower consumption, reduced plant utilization and capacity as well as reduced equipment installations. F&B is focused on winning new customers by emphasizing the cost savings benefits of our leading products like DryExx and Exelerate as well as implementing appropriate pricing. Textile care sales declined reflecting reduced tourism and uniform volumes. Europe healthcare sales reported solid growth. Increased sales of hand disinfection products helped by H1N1 concern along with customer gains in the pharmaceutical sector for hard surface disinfection products led results. New product launches in the second half should enable continued growth.  Pest Europe showed better core contract sales. However, these were offset by soft ancillary program revenues. Europe's business information systems platform work continues to move forward. We have successfully implemented the system in four countries, including our largest country, Germany, and the country with our largest plant, which is Belgium. We'll continue the roll out to the remaining system locations over the next 18 months. With continued weak markets, we look for Europes third quarter sales to be off from last years levels.  Asia-Pacific sales grew 4% in fixed currencies. Institutional's modest sales gains were driven by account wins in catering, mid-scale hotels, and restaurants as well as food retail markets. They continued to offset weak occupancy and lower overall catering in the high end hotels. Food and beverage sales reported solid growth. Both the beverage and brewing sectors continue to show solid growth due to increased product penetration and account gains. Looking ahead, Asia Pacific expects continued sales growth for the third quarter and the remainder of 2009. Second quarter sales for Ecolab's Canadian operations were up 10% over last year at fixed exchange rates. Food and beverage and institutional sales were strong driven by new account gains, product price increases, and institutionals increased focus on distributor partnerships. Pest elimination, vehicle care, and healthcare sales were also strong driven by new account gains. Latin America reported a solid sales gain rising 8% at fixed exchange rates as all divisions increased. Institutional growth was driven by new account gains, increased product penetration as well as continued success with global and regional accounts. Food and beverage sales reflected strong demand in the beverage and brewing markets as well as benefits of new accounts. Pest elimination continued its outstanding performance throughout Latin America. Overall, we expect healthy growth trends to continue in Latin America with another solid gain in the third quarter. Turning to margins on the income statement on slide 7 of our presentation, second quarter gross margins increased and were 49.7% compared with 49.1% last year. Pricing more than offset higher delivered product costs. SG&A expenses were 36.5% of sales, 40 basis points below last year. The lower SG&A ratio reflected savings from our recent restructuring, price leverage, and closely managed spending which more than offset higher costs and continued investments in our business. Operating income for Ecolab's U.S. cleaning and sanitizing segment increased 18%. Margins expanded by 260 basis points over last year. The increase was driven by pricing gains and cost savings which more than offset slowing delivered product cost increases. Operating income for U.S. other services grew 40%. Growth was driven by pricing, productivity and efficiency gains, and cost reductions. International fixed currency operating income decreased 17%. The lag of higher delivered product cost increases internationally, primarily in Europe, impacted second quarter international operating income. Pricing gains and cost savings efforts were unable to offset lower sales volume, delivered product and other cost increases, and continued investment in the business. The impact of delivered product cost increases are expected to moderate in the third quarter and the balance of 2009. The corporate segment includes special gains and charges which are reported as a separate line item on the income statement. The special gains and charges which are not included in pro forma results include a restructuring charge of $24 million for actions primarily taken to optimize our work force as well as other nonrecurring costs to optimize our business structure. Second quarter 2008 special gains and charges included a $24 million gain on the sale of a plant. The corporate segment also includes $7 million of investments in the development of business systems and other corporate investments we are making as part of our ongoing efforts to improve our efficiency and returns in Europe. These investments are included in pro forma results. Ecolab's reported second quarter consolidated tax rate was 33.6%, compared with last year's reported 28.8%. Excluding discreet tax items and the tax impact of special gains and charges, the adjusted effective income tax rate for the second quarter 2009 was 31.3% and compared with 32.8% in the second quarter of 2008. The decrease in the adjusted tax rate was primarily due to tax planning efforts involving optimization of our international tax structure and global rate reductions. The net of this performance is that Ecolabs reported second quarter diluted net income per share was $0.41 compared with $0.55 reported a year ago. When adjusted for special gains and charges and discreet tax items, pro forma earnings increased 6% to $0.50 when compared with $0.47 reported a year ago. As mentioned in our opening comments, pro forma earnings per share were driven by new accounts, pricing, and cost savings and the impact of new products which more than offset higher delivered product costs, unfavorable foreign exchange impact, and key investments in our business.  Turning to slide 8, Ecolab's balance sheet and cash flow remains strong. Total debt to total capital was 37% at June 30th, compared with 36% reported a year ago and 42% at year end 2008. Our net debt at June 30 was 35%.  Slide 9 shows our forecast for the third quarter and full year 2009. The press release includes line item forecasts of our third quarter P&L. As previously discussed, we look for continued slow market conditions through the balance of 2009 and are taking appropriate actions to drive both the top and bottom lines in these markets. We have been successful in using our new products that help customers reduce their costs and improve their efficiency along with our service stream to capture market share and drive growth. Further, as raw material cost comparisons ease in the second half from the extremely high levels of a year ago, we look to recover margins and continue investments in key areas like corporate account sales, R&D, healthcare, water and energy, and global pest elimination to drive future growth. In the third quarter, we look for our U.S. operations to show sales similar to last year in the face of continued challenging conditions. We will continue to emphasize products that provide unparalleled performance and energy and cost savings for our customers. We expect them to provide further differentiation and opportunity and help drive results. We look for international sales to also be similar to last year at fixed exchange rates as good growth from Latin America, Canada, and Asia-Pacific are offset by Europe. Net including the estimated $0.03 impact from unfavorable foreign exchange, we expect pro forma diluted earnings per share for the third quarter excluding special gains and charges and discreet tax items to be in the $0.58 to $0.61 range compared with pro forma earnings per share of $0.55 earned a year ago.  Slide #11 shows some detail on our 2009 outlook building from 2008's results. The outlook is consistent with our original forecast. Raw materials, freight and fuel, while generally lower than fourth quarter 2008 levels remain a significant combined headwind on a year-over-year basis in the second quarter before turning favorable in the second half. In summary, as noted on slide 10, we are performed effectively in the second quarter against very tough conditions and delivered on our forecast as we also invested in our future. And despite the expected challenges from the week markets and unfavorable foreign exchange, we continue to look for an attractive performance once again in 2009 and use the strength and momentum to set up 2010 and beyond. As a final note, we are planning to hold our biennial investor meeting on September 10th. A limited number of seats remain available. Please let us know before August 21 if you plan to attend, or if you have any questions by contacting me or Nicole Grochow in my office. That concludes our remarks. This conference call and the associated slides will be available for replay on our web site.  Operator, please begin the question-and-answer period. 
Operator: (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from Andrea Wirth  Robert Baird. 
Andrea Wirth  Robert Baird: I was wondering if you guys could just first talk a little bit about raw material costs in the quarter. How were they versus your expectations, and have we now reached the high point in costs and have they now come down sequentially? Im just trying to get a sense of where we are at there.
Doug Baker: They did come down from Q1 as we anticipated. I would say they came down in line with what we forecasted, so obviously less than we hoped. Our view that we shared in the first quarter that they would continue to fall sequentially is still our view. They were down in the second quarter. We believe they will be down again in the third quarter versus Q2, and theyll switch to favorable, if you will, in the second half.
Andrea Wirth  Robert Baird: Theyd be favorable overall for the second half? 
Doug Baker:  In the second half, they will be favorable versus second half of 08. 
Andrea Wirth  Robert Baird:  In Q3, you still expect them to be a headwind, correct? 
Doug Baker:  Theyll be a help in Q3. 
Andrea Wirth  Robert Baird:  How should we think about pricing going forward? You saw 4% again this quarter. Should we assume that that pricing probably moderates a little bit, or how should we think about that going forward just given that raw material costs are subsiding a bit?
Doug Baker: I think what we discussed on pricing is that we believe we will successfully hold the pricing that weve achieved, but we do not believe we will be gaining new pricing agreements at the same rate we were last year; therefore, I think youll see slow moderation year over year as you go through the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amanda Seguin  Jefferies.
Amanda Seguin  Jefferies:  For the quarter, you guys came in at the top end of your range for Q2, but youre narrowing the top end of the range for the full year. I was just wondering if you could walk us through what your thinking is there.
Doug Baker: The $1.95 to $2.05 which was our prior range for the year is a much wider range than we normally have. To recall, its a range that we established in early November when we were in the secondary moving the Henkel shares, and I think our feeling was as we moved through here that we wanted to give a better idea of how the year was developing and so narrowing it seemed like the wise course of action. Here is what I would say. We see our business improving. We are not counting on any material improvement from the economy. We hope were wrong. We havent been so far. We also believe that were going to continue to use the second half to invest in our business to assure that we have a very successful 2010 and beyond. We like the position that weve put ourselves in, and we want to continue to make sure that we optimize and take advantage of the market conditions that were seeing, which means competitors are stressed, we have a number of important investments we want to make that are going to get us both share and leverage, and we want to make sure we make them in the second half as well.
Michael Monahan: The thing Id add is that were looking pretty strong. Earnings growth in the second half, I think, as you look at the range, its 13-19% EPS growth, so clearly were going to enjoy a period that has some very good earnings in the second half of the year.
Amanda Seguin  Jefferies:  As far M&A opportunities, whats the landscape looking like in Asia and Latin America in particular? 
Doug Baker:  My feeling on M&A is weve got what Id consider a robust pipeline, but until theyre done, you cant count them because they move in funny ways. I would say our emphasis is in probably areas versus region. Areas like healthcare, expanding pest globally, water and energy technology that makes sense for institutional and F&B markets. Weve got properties on the list in both Asia and Latin America, but theyre probably proportionate to market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Schwartz  First Analysis.
Steve Schwartz  First Analysis:   In international, your operating margins were down, and you mentioned it was operating cost increases. Im wondering if thats just the employment market frictions and so forth that are in Europe that are holding your restructuring, or whats behind that?
Doug Baker:  The major reason is Europe saw raw material increases really flow through a quarter later than the balance of the world, and it had a material impact on Europes earnings in the first quarter. The raw material costs are subsiding in Europe, but to us its a quarter behind everywhere else, and so they were much in the second quarter than in the first. We know theyll be much lower in the third than the second, so really its raw material. Its the bubble moving through at a slower pace or a delayed pace in Europe. As I said in the last call, we still expect Europe margin to be back in the normal 8ish range by the end of the year.
Steve Schwartz  First Analysis: The FIFO effect then, is that included in the commentary in your press release about operating cost increases then?
Michael Monahan: Im not sure what you meant by that question, Steve. Could you repeat it?
Steve Schwartz  First Analysis: It sounds like, Doug, you were talking about the FIFO effect in Europe in raw material costs, but in the release you talk operating cost increases outpacing pricing particularly in Europe. I wondered if there was something other than the FIFO effect.
Doug Baker: Its not really FIFO per se. We dont have that much inventory. Its really the timing of the raw material price increases and how the high-priced raw materials are flowing through our P&L, and they probably hit peak pricing for the company at January 1st, but they were delayed a quarter, if you will, in Europe, and its just a follow-through impact, but theyre coming down. We are buying raws at much lower prices, and we know itll positively impact the P&L as we through the year.
Steve Schwartz  First Analysis: Your guidance for the third quarter is 50-51% gross margin. You had nice gross margin in the second quarter. It sounds like youre going to continue to have the raw material tailwind in the second half, so would you expect that your gross margin stays north of 50% beyond the next quarter or two?
Doug Baker: Historically, weve been north of 50%. We go through periods where weve got what I would call very difficult raw material markets where it can knock us down. We tend to price over a period of time and not try to recoup it any one year, so our plan would be to rebuild that and sustain it there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Koort  Goldman Sachs.
Bob Koort  Goldman Sachs:   Im wondering if you guys have given any consideration or thought to what your incremental margin in the recovery might look like if any differently than say the early 90s or early part of this decade. Is there a reason to expect your structural cost work is going to give you a little bit more juice when things recover or do you think you would just increase your expense load as things get better as well?
Doug Baker: I would expect that the work that weve undertaken and weve tried to leverage this period to give us leverage thats sustainable, so we would expect that we will have a better business and a better line margin post this period than we did pre this period.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Yang  Oppenheimer.
Ed Yang  Oppenheimer:   Regarding your market share gains, are there any specific accounts that are noteworthy or youd like to share? These account gains, are they more new accounts to Ecolab or are they part of the circle of customer and cross selling opportunities? 
Doug Baker:  Most of our emphasis right now has been on what Ill call new accounts to Ecolab, and weve been working hard to increase the number of accounts that we serve in our markets. We find that the recessionary periods at the best time to go and increase share of units, and thats what our emphasis is. We typically dont share account gains and losses by name, so I will stick to that policy. Occasionally people start figuring out who they are if theyre large and meaningful, and there have been several significant wins around the globe, and we anticipate more.
Ed Yang  Oppenheimer: Doug, isnt it an easier share take if you already have the existing relationship with the customer though? Would it be picking low-handing fruit if you go after accounts where you already have the relationship?
Doug Baker: We circle the customers that are, to use the term in other industries, cross selling. What we have found over time is typically people get in these recessionary periods they start pushing hard on internal spending. Certainly we continue to go push and try to go build our services, but we have found is leveraging anchor technologies and seeking new customers is probably even a better path in these periods. Thats what our experience was in the early 90s and early 2000s, and thats what our experience is today. We will aggressively start adding on and circle the customer opportunities as the recovery unfolds.
Ed Yang  Oppenheimer: Regarding raw materials, youre very diversified with your raw materials basket, but I do notice on the spot basis, there have been a tremendous amount of price volatility. For example, chlorine which has gone up a lot recently and caustic which has declined, could you just remind us what are some of your key raw materials?
Doug Baker: I think the raw materials that have probably most influenced the delta in the past are going to be caustic, phosphates broadly, plastics, and surfactants, and plastics and surfactants are going to be more related to oil than the other two, but not directly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gulley  Soleil Securities.
Mark Gulley  Soleil Securities: Doug, can you update us a little on what seems to be the state of play with respect to the large competitor based in Wisconsin?
Doug Baker: What weve seen out of that competitor is, I guess, more of the same which is clearly theyve got some of the same market pressures that weve had in terms of raw materials and now from end-user market declines. They continue to do the stuff. They are reducing head counts. They continue to play in the market as they have in the past. So I wouldnt say that weve seen material change out of them, but theyve been under pressure for a while, and they continue to play like they are under pressure.
Mark Gulley  Soleil Securities: Switching to vehicle care if I can, I would think that maybe now might be a good time to try to talk to national chains about adopting that program because things are slow, and if theres going to be any disruption and the risk of that disruption being a problem, the cost to them would be less. Is that a reasonable sales proposition to the customer or is that just a little bit too cute?
Michael Monahan: Mark, are you talking about vehicle care?
Mark Gulley  Soleil Securities: I meant GCS, Im sorry.
Doug Baker: We are continuing to pursue new business in GCS actively. GCS has been under pretty significant pressure. From what we know of other people in this industry, were outperforming on the topline as bad as it is versus what others are going through, and we also expect the top line not to heal itself in the second half, but to show improvement, i.e., the rate of decline for sure would slow as we go through this because we have had some recent new business, and so I agree with your thesis.
Mark Gulley  Soleil Securities: The analysts day is in about six weeks. Can you give us any kind of sneak preview as to some of the themes youll be talking about there?
Doug Baker: Our themes are fairly consistent. I guess what we want to do is try to help dimensionalize the continued upside in terms of sales and share, and I think weve got a very rich target list, how were looking at going after it. I think during that day, we can give you more specifics about what we plan to do. Weve got a very robust R&D portfolio which were excited about that well also share parts of, and then finally leverage. The company we still feel has a lot of leverage in front of us, and we plan to build a very strong sustainable earnings machine, and there is a lot of work to be done, but theres still a lot of leverage to be harvested.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nate Brochman  William Blair and Company.
Nate Brochman  William Blair and Company:   I wanted to talk a little bit about the topline in Europe. While down, it looks a little bit better than it might have been maybe over the last couple of year, and I was just wanted to see if you could talk a little bit about some of the incremental sales efforts there in terms of stemming the tide a little bit.
Doug Baker: Nate, weve invested in Europe in increased resources in our corporate account teamsthe two big businesses there, and its had an impact. I would say we watch very closely net gains to net losses, things that we absolutely control. We cant control how many units close, and we cant necessarily always control consumption within a restaurant or another facility, but those we can control and weve been successful outpacing losses with net gains for quite a while. Were also gaining on pricing, and Europe is going to have a much better pricing year. Theyre delayed a year. We wish it was earlier, but they are getting it, which is important, given the raw material run-up theyve had, so I think those are the big impacts.
Nate Brochman  William Blair and Company: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit what the benefit was for increased product sales for H1N1 in terms of what the outlook for that specific issue is in terms of sustainability.
Doug Baker: This is always very hard for us to estimate. We can try to look at a bug trend. We know health care had a couple of million dollars in increased sales in the quarter that we think would be directly related to H1N1. We think there is probably an equal amount in other divisions from that. I would tell you were preparing for a possible fall event because we think its a wise course of action, and we follow this quite closely. Dont know if itll transpire, it itll occur, but we want to be prepared to help our customers if it does come out in a much larger way.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee  Barclays Capital.
Gary Bisbee  Barclays Capital:   Can you give us any color on how Canada is doing so well? It seems to me the economy there is struggling in many ways like the US. Is it more just success with new customers or pushing more products than youve offered there in the past? Whats driving it?
Doug Baker: I think we had several things going in Canada. We had very strong momentum going in. Weve got more share upside in Canada than say in other markets. Weve got a very good team, and theyre continuing to execute, so I dont know if its a secret. They nailed a couple of large pieces of businesses moving into this and rolling them out.
Gary Bisbee  Barclays Capital:  Any update on the Apex campaign with Sysco? 
Doug Baker:  Apex is a broad campaign. Ill separate the two. In the second quarter, if you took the average placements last year, our placements in the second quarter was about 10% above, so we continue to have very strong success gaining new Apex accounts which is important, and for perspective, thatll be close to about 1% share gain net-net, but thats the kind gain given theres about a half million restaurants in the US where this thing is fixed, so Apex is doing quite well. Our work with Sysco, wed say the first half netted 10,000 new accounts. Its probably 30 plus percent above normal pace with Sysco, so its significant. Its been gaining momentum. We have an agreement that were going to both continue this program into the second half of the year because its resulting in good net new gains for both of us.
Gary Bisbee  Barclays Capital: Mike, I didnt hear what you said that Asia-Pacific revenue growth on a constant currency basis was. 
Michael Monahan:  4%. 
Gary Bisbee  Barclays Capital:  Can you tell us what the GCS loss in the quarter was? 
Michael Monahan:  They lose a couple of million bucks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli  Ingalls & Snyder.
Rosemarie Morbelli  Ingalls & Snyder:
 : Doug, looking at Europe, it continues to be an issue. You have had several managers. You have taken many steps and actions since you acquired the share from Henkel. Can you remind us what you are doing differently now versus the previous steps, and when do you expect to see the benefit either on the topline or the bottomline or both actually?
Doug Baker: Rosemarie, what we said is were going after topline by investing more in corporate account resources which weve done. We had organic sales growth momentum improvement each year. Obviously, this year is going to be an exception. We also said that we have to get after structural changes. We had taken advantage of a lot of low-hanging fruit, but weve got a disjointed supply system in Europe, so we went out and undertook an SAP implementation, so wed have transparency across the manufacturing and warehouse platform across Europe. It would allow us to move to shared services and a number of other fairly standard processes that we just cant deploy today in Europe. Where are we on the SAP? Weve got over a third of the volume on it. Well have over about 60% by fall. Well be at the 85% a year from now, so largely done. That continues to progress well, meaning weve put on major countries without major hiccups which is what you hope for, and its starting to give us currency. The big news in Europe right now is a huge spike in raw materials moving through the P&L. It doesnt mean we think we are executing perfectly well, doesnt mean we are satisfied with every part of business, but thats the big impact, and I think as that settles out, youre going to see more normal margins in Europe quite quickly, and were working on moving those from 9 to 13-14, and I still see a path to do that, but weve got to get through the SAP implementations, so that we can take advantage of the inconsistencies.
Rosemarie Morbelli  Ingalls & Snyder: So we should really see a big marching improvement in lets say 2011 giving you time by the middle of next year to be done with the SAP and figure out where you can make additional changes. Is that the game plan?
Doug Baker: Yes. I think in 2011, youll start seeing significant margin increases. As you recall, we have already gained substantial what Ill call net income advantages as a result of how we structured and established a principal company in Europe. Youll start seeing in addition whole margin increases in 11, 12, and 13.
Rosemarie Morbelli  Ingalls & Snyder: Could you also bring us up to date on your SKU rationalization? Where do you stand in the US and elsewhere in the world?
Doug Baker: All the US divisions have completed their upfront work which is really designing the product line that we to go compete. Its a significant, over 50% reduction in SKUs in our North American business. Were going to start implementing in third quarter in some divisions. Were going to stage this. You dont want to do it all at once. It would be a huge disruption in our product supply system. Were already undertaking some of these eliminations and rationalizations as we move forward. Itll take us a couple of years to fully implement. I dont think it will take us a couple of years to start to come back.
Rosemarie Morbelli  Ingalls & Snyder:  The margin in the US cleaning and sanitation was extraordinarily high. Was there anything special and is that a number that is sustainable?
Doug Baker: There is no one-timer or unique event in the business that youd point to that you would say is unsustainable. I think it gets to the point that we feel like we have had leverage in these businesses, and so often when we get asked can you bring the European margin to the US, our answer is we hope not because we believe there is margin expansion in all of our regions. I think as we said as we moved into this year, because of the nature of the year, were going to focus more emphasis on margin expansion and getting after leverage opportunities because of the topline pressure, and were doing it the way that we believe is sustainable. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of John McNulty with Credit Suisse.
John Mcnulty  Credit Suisse: When you talk about the raw materials that are impacting Europe right now and that you expect to see pricing similar to the way the US, we saw some pretty robust pricing over the last 12 months and you expect to start getting pricing in Europe, is it going to be roughly the same magnitude? Is that what we should be thinking about in terms low to mid single digits?
Doug Baker: John, what I would say is that these things are always this way. Europe really got on this a little later than I would say North America, but they are on it in a material way in the second half, and youre starting to see fairly good pricing in Europe right now as we speak. It will play through the balance of the year and hold at a fairly good level. Well see declining raw materials in Europe, and thats pretty much a certainty because we know what the contract of price is as we move forward.
John McNulty  Credit Suisse:  In terms of margins, I believe you said the target for Europe was 8% by the end of the year. Did you give what you did this quarter?
Doug Baker: I think it would have been threeish quarter. Ive got guys with a calculator, so you know how wrong I am. Its four.
John McNulty  Credit Suisse: So there is definitely a pickup coming, and it does sound like the raws and the pricing are going to get you there. With regard to the $7 million or so that you spent in terms of fixed investment in Europe, in terms of 2010, how should we think about that? I know you are going to be spending at least for a while in the first half of 2010, but when you look at 2010 versus 2009, how does the cost to fix Europe change? 
Doug Baker: I think as you move forward, were going to continue to have investments, but they are not going to be at the same rate in Europe in 2010 as they were in 2009.
Michael Monahan:  Yes. We are completing the ERP rollout, John, so youll start to see cost starting to come down because of that later this year and in 2010.
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of David Ridley-Lane with Banc of America.
David Ridley-Lane  Banc of America: Can you provide a little bit more detail on some of the gross initiatives? It looks like you pulled forward into 2009.
Doug Baker: Id say if weve pulled initiatives forward into 2009, there were more leverage initiatives, those that we shifted in foreseen timing, but from a growth standpoint, I would say there are several larger initiatives. One is continue to build our core institutional F&B and Kay position. There, we are very much focusing on the largest cooperate accountant players. We know these guys do best in these environments and tend to come out with outside momentum, and so we would have increase our share there, and were doing so successfully. Were also all over the healthcare opportunities that we talked about, specifically around helping hospitals with infections acquired on premises. That work is going quite well. Our healthcare business is growing organically at high single digits. Were working to introduce new technology and plan to accelerate that as we go through. Weve got a number of fundamental core R&D investments which we also believe will continue to fuel our growth in our core businesses as we go forward.
David Ridley-Lane  Banc of America:  On the leverage initiatives that you pulled into 2009, absent of those discretionary initiatives, would you have had to lower the high end of your 2009 EPS guidance range? 
Doug Baker:  This is like the age old question. Somebody said youre going to die unless you do almost any number, well find a way to do the number. I guess what were trying to is be very wise in what we call a very unique period. Recall that we are going to be delivering EPS growth in a very depressed market situation while continuing to invest record amounts in our business, so if youre asking me, I guess if we ripped down investments, would we deliver more. Yes. Do I think thats a smart answer? No. 
Michael Monahan:  David, once again for the second half, we will be showing 13-19% EPS growth, so were taking advantage of the improvement in raw materials and at the same time making the investments and delivering pretty good earnings growth. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of PJ Juvekar with Citi.
PJ Juvekar  Citi: One of the key drivers of your institutional business is business travel and T&E. I know T&Es were slashed this year by corporations. Whats your outlook for next year? Do you see a big rebound next year in business travel?
Doug Baker:  The only real answer is I dont know. We certainly arent forecasting any big rebound in T&E travel for the balance of the year. Will it come back some day? I think it certainly comes back off these very low levels. Does it bounce back to where it was? I dont know, but what I see, PJ, is we plan and we are taking things into our own hand. We know by selling more new accounts, continuing to leverage a new technology, ultimately getting back very aggressively on CTC, we believe we can continue to push the topline ourselves. I think weve proven we could do it in the past, and were in a very good situation as we move forward.
Michael Monahan:  And if the economy recovers, PJ, thats just a nice tailwind behind us because well try to drive our own growth and that will be just another tailwind. 
PJ Juvekar  Citi:  Mike, how many sales associates do you have now, during this tough environment and your recent headcount reduction? Do you anticipate any change in that?
Michael Monahan: Right now, were at about 14,200. We think for the year well probably be a little bit higher than that, but relative to last year, similar, maybe a little bit less. So, itll be probably similar to last year on a total basis for year end.
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas wth J.P. Morgan.
Jeff Zekauskas  J.P. Morgan: If you look over your business to the lodging industry overall and to the restaurant industry overall for the first half, on a constant currency basis, what were the growth rates of those two sectors?
Michael Monahan:  Do you mean globally or in Europe? 
Jeff Zekauskas  J.P. Morgan:  I mean globally for lodging and for restaurants. 
Michael Monahan:  We dont have numbers that really track it globally Jeff. 
Jeff Zekauskas  J.P. Morgan:  Then I guess in the primary regions in which you do track it, what have the numbers been like, and are they better than you thought or worse than you thought at the beginning of the year? 
Doug Baker:  We anticipated a pretty difficult year fairly early. I would say that hotels probably have been impacted more significantly than we thought probably in November or December. Restaurants, in the range. QSRs probably fared a little better than we might have hoped, and I would say full service restaurants, particularly the top end, have probably been hit harder than we expected, so there is a mix there, but I wouldnt say it was completely outside of what we laid out as possibilities moving into the year. Our QSR business is doing quite well as we go through this. Our restaurant business in total given the demand decline is doing quite well also. 
Jeff Zekauskas  J.P. Morgan:  Secondly, in the $24 million of restructuring charges you took in the quarter, if you had to apportion that geographically, how would you do it? Where did you spend the money?
Doug Baker: Let me give you the numbers for the whole $75 million. Really the amount of flow-through on a quarter is almost dictated by accounting rules versus strategically how were laying out the opportunities. Were looking for a regional split. Why dont you give me a minute, and Ill come back to you with those numbers. Of the 75, Europe is going to be 27, APLA is going to around 8, and the balance is going to be in the US, which means 40.
Jeff Zekauskas  J.P. Morgan: Lastly, in 2010, all things being equal, is that a year were you would expect positive pricing for the consolidated entity or negative pricing or flat pricing, or do you not have visibility yet as to what 2010 might be like from a pricing standpoint?
Doug Baker:  We arent in a position where we are going to be forecasting 2010. What I will say is we dont have a history of having pricing go negative, and we dont anticipate that scenario going forward. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research.
Dmitry Silversteyn  Longbow Research:  When you look at the performance of pest elimination and the comments that you made about the geography outside of the US, it looks like pest elimination was a positive contributing factor to performance in international markets, but it was a flattish business in the US. Is that due to different market dynamics or to different sizes of businesses and where you are in terms of gaining share and how differentiated you are in international markets versus US? Can you give us an idea why the international parts of pest elimination did so much better than domestic?
Doug Baker:  I think you answered the question. The US business is much larger and has a much larger share than the businesses we have internationally which are much newer. They also have I guess more striking advantages as we have gone over, and the competitors havent reacted. With that said, I think there is plenty of upside in our pest business going forward. Pest usually has a very difficult patch in early parts of recessions because we if we are doing our job, it means that there are no bugs or rodents, and when people are trying to cut, they will eliminate and they will ask us to leave for a period of time. Were now being called back into accounts that we lost early in the cycle in a number of instances, and its a pattern that we have seen before. We dont love the pattern, but its a pattern that we have to deal with, and we expect pest will ultimately rebound to the type of growth rates that we saw in the past. 
Dmitry Silversteyn  Longbow Research:  Second question is sticking with the other services. In GCS, youve narrowed the loss significantly in that business both sequentially and year over year despite lower revenues. I think Mike talked about the third quarter being even better than the second. Is your expectation to get this business even in this environment to a breakeven point by the end of the year or do you think thats too ambitious and youre still going to be losing money heading into 2010?
Doug Baker:  Yes. I think that would be too ambitious given the topline pressure. I think the only thing this business needs now is some topline wind to start getting to breakeven and better. I think all the work that we have done to bring down, if you will, lower the line at which we got to go cross to make money and weve lowered it substantially has been very effective. Unfortunately, its all been masked by pretty significant challenges in the topline, so we dont expect the type of turnaround in the topline that you would need to get to breakeven by second half, so well be losing money moving into next year, but obviously at a much slower rate than it was moving into this year.
Dmitry Silversteyn  Longbow Research:  So if I asked the question differently, if you get to the level of revenues that you had in 2008, this should be a positive operating margin business? 
Doug Baker:  It would be a lot better from a profit standpoint. I would say the profit line on sales is achievable over 4 to 6 quarters, if you get some real movement in the marketplace. 
Dmitry Silversteyn  Longbow Research:  On healthcare, you talked about the initiatives in the US, obviously driven by hospital infections and the reimbursement for that from insurance and Medicare as well as some other drivers. Do you see similar drivers in Europe or is your healthcare business in Europe relying on different end-market and secular dynamics to achieve its growth?
Doug Baker:  There is not one single answer for Europe because the markets are fairly distinct by country; however, the HAIs or the health acquired infection is a huge issue and a huge topic in UK. Its also been a topic in many other countries in Europe. Its an issue everywhere candidly. Its just recognized and discussed in certain countries and not in others, so its an opportunity, but in the UK, I would say its probably been a longer topic than it has been in the US. There are other drivers in Europe, and there is new technology that we are bringing over from the US. Likewise, were taking some technology from Europe and bring it over here. We like healthcare and frankly have been very pleased with the progress we made this year and the position that were building for future. 
Dmitry Silversteyn  Longbow Research:  Whats the size of your healthcare business outside of the US? 
Doug Baker: About equal in size.
Dmitry Silversteyn  Longbow Research:  Was it about 250 to 150 in the US? 
Doug Baker:  Its like 230 in US and about equal in Europe.
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of John Roberts with Buckingham Research.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: Do you think GCS has kind of a same effect like pest has? Initially people dont buy equipment, they run stuff longer, maybe not service it as well, but its got to start breaking down. The same way the bugs come back and pest, there is going to be a maintenance issue to come back and bite the customers on GCS?
Doug Baker:  Absolutely. I think there is. You can postpone repairs so long and then you need to go repair them. To put this in perspective, people have multiple fryers so if they had three, if things are rocking and one goes down, you fix it immediately. If things are slow and one goes down, you wait for the second to go down or if you are really pushing the envelope, you wait for the third to go down, so there is going to be some built-in pent-up demand, not significant, but we think youll start getting a normalization, and you can only postpone this stuff so far. 
John Roberts  Buckingham Research:  You are already starting to see the inflection in pest, you said. You dont really see any sign in GCS yet? 
Doug Baker:  I think what we said is we believe the second half growth rates, for sure the rate of decline will be improving in GCS in the second half versus the first half, but thats not exactly an inflection point. I think well call it when we see it in GCS. 
Operator:  The final question comes from the line of Amy Johnson with Goldman Sachs.
Amy Johnson  Goldman Sachs: I think, Doug, you mentioned raw materials cost spiked in Europe in the second quarter. You do expect in the raw material cost to drop in that region. Going forward, Im wondering, in other offshore markets like Asia and Latin America, have you seen very similar raw material cost trend, that means the raw materials cost goes up in those regions and you expect this cost to fall going forward?
Doug Baker:  Amy, what weve seen is actually the peak prices hit North America and the frankly the other regions in Q4 of last year. Europe peaked prices in Q1, and all have been coming down sequentially from there. Its just that Europes peak, if you will, and its resultant improvement is a quarter delayed from everybody elses.
Amy Johnson  Goldman Sachs: I just want to clarify, in the second quarter, raw materials trends in a year over year basis, except for North America, all other regions are still higher?
Doug Baker: They were higher than last year everywhere but in North America. 
Amy Johnson  Goldman Sachs: Going forward, the third quarter of this year, shall we expect all the regions including everywhere the raw materials cost should be lower on a year over year basis?
Doug Baker:  Thats probably the best assumption you can have. There may be some exceptions, but were talking single digits here and there, but by and large raw materials will be favorable year over year in third quarter and then even marginally more favorable in the fourth quarter. 
Amy Johnson  Goldman Sachs: My last question is on your FX guidance. Is that still $0.07 negative impact in the second half of this year?
Michael Monahan: No. We said it would be $0.03 in the third quarter, and we didnt give a forecast for the fourth quarter.
Amy Johnson  Goldman Sachs: Based on the currency trends of US Dollar versus Euro and the current level, in the next quarter why do you expect something pretty similar? The negative impact of the currency is pretty similar to the second quarter. Wouldnt that be a little bit more favorable? The negative impact should be less than $0.03?
Doug Baker:  Amy, I dont have my FX chart in front of me, but the FX really moved in the fourth quarter. Its where the big move was. Its really just looking at a year over year comparison and working with the currency mix that we have.
Michael Monahan: It appears there are no further questions, so that wraps up our second quarter conference call. As mentioned, this call will be posted on our website along with the associated slides. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-28 13:00:00) =====
Ecolab Inc. (ECL):
Executives: Michael Monahan  VP, External Relations Doug Baker  Chairman, President, CEO
Analysts: Eric Hess [ph]  Citi Mike Harrison  First Analysis David Begleiter  Deutsche Bank Bob Koort  Goldman Sachs Laurence Alexander  Jefferies John McNulty  Credit Suisse Gary Bisbee  Barclays Capital Mark Gulley  Soleil Securities Rosemarie Morbelli  Ingalls & Snyder David Ridley-Lane  Banc of America Dmitry Silversteyn  Longbow Research Annie George [ph]  Morningstar John Roberts  Buckingham Research Ed Yang  Oppenheimer Jeff Zekauskas  J.P. Morgan
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Ecolab First Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, you will be invited to participate in the question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. Thank you. We would now like to turn the call over to Ecolab. Mr. Monahan, you may begin your conference.
Michael Monahan: Thank you, Ashley. Hello, everyone and welcome to Ecolab's first quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman, President and CEO, who will join us for the Q&A section following our review of the quarter's results. A copy of our earnings release and the slides referenced in this teleconference are available on Ecolab's Web site at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statement on slide #two stating this teleconference and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Form 10-K under item 1A Risk Factors in our first quarter earnings release and in slide #2. We also refer you to the earnings release which includes supplemental diluted earnings per share information. Starting with slide #3 in the first quarter, we delivered results in line with our forecast, despite very challenging market conditions, unfavorable currency trends and substantially higher year-over-year delivered product costs as we aggressively drove new account gains, new product sales, pricing and cost reductions. Looking ahead, we expect to continue to outperform our markets and deliver superior growth once again in 2009. Starting with some highlights from the quarter as we move on to slides #4 and #5, reported first quarter 2009 EPS were $0.24. On a pro forma basis, excluding special charges and discreet tax items from both years, first quarter 2009 earnings per share were $0.33 compared with $0.39 last year. Pro forma earnings per share reflected about $0.10 from higher delivered product costs, $0.03 of unfavorable foreign exchange impact and about $0.03 from the reduction in distributor promotions. These were partially offset by pricing and cost savings, including about $0.02 from our restructuring and the impact of new products. We also continue to make key investments important to sustain our long-term growth in R&D, systems and people and our strategic sales and growth areas. In the U.S. we achieved strong sales growth from our Kay and healthcare businesses as we worked hard to offset slowdowns in our full service restaurant and lodging markets. International showed strong sales gains in Latin America and Canada while Europe, Middle East, Africa and Asia-Pacific reported modest growth. To drive results in this more challenging environment, we have continued our aggressive sales efforts by emphasizing our innovative products that provide customers with labor, energy and water savings and using them to help deliver new account acquisitions among our national, regional and independent prospects. We have also focused on cost savings, emphasizing productivity and efficiency improvements and increased pricing to recover higher raw material costs and offset unfavorable currency exchange. Looking ahead, we continue to expect our full service restaurant and lodging markets, which represent about 30% of our sales to be off in 2009. However, we expect resilient trends to continue in 60% of our businesses including the quick service restaurant, food processing, healthcare, grocery, government and education markets where forecasts call for growth in 2009. We expect pro forma EPS for the second quarter to be in the $0.46 to $0.50 range compared with pro forma EPS of $0.47 in the second quarter 2008. The second quarter 2009 is expected to see continued though less severe delivered product cost headwinds that will represent about a $0.05 hit to earnings. We also expect an approximate $0.04 per share hit from currency. Our full year forecast remains the same. We expect modest fixed currency sales growth over the remaining quarters of 2009. However, less severe delivered product costs and the impact of cost saving actions should provide significant benefit to operating margins. This should yield improving pro forma earnings per share comparisons as the year progresses. We expect the second half of 2009 to show double-digit pro forma earnings per share growth as these impacts benefit earnings. We continue to look for full year pro forma diluted earnings per share which excludes special gains and charges and discreet tax items to be up 5% to 10% and be in the $1.95 to $2.05 range. In summary, we expect a strong performance for Ecolab in a very challenging 2009 environment as we leverage our markets with strong sales efforts to gain new accounts and better penetration. We will also implement appropriate pricing and cost reductions to deliver steady growth and shelter returns while continue to invest for future growth. Turning to the details as shown in slide #6, Ecolab's reported consolidated sales for the first quarter declined 8%. However, adjusting for the change in distributor incentive programs, fixed currency sales were flat. Looking at the components, volume and mix declined 4%, pricing was up 4% and currency reduced sales by 7%. The change in distributor incentive programs reduced sales growth by 1%, acquisitions and divestures were negligible. Slide #7 includes growth by segments and by division. Sales for the U.S. cleaning and sanitizing operations decreased 5%. Excluding the distributor change, sales declined 2%. As expected, reported institutional sales declined as we changed the way we implement our distributor's incentive programs. Reported sales were off 8%, excluding the impact of the distributor change institutional sales declined 3%. Our Apex solids wear washing line finished well ahead of plan and showed terrific momentum as heightened customer demand for cost savings and energy solutions drove interest. New business gains were good and helped us mostly offset the recession's impact on our food service and lodging customers. The distributor incentive promotion change implemented in the first quarter went well. While it had significant negative impact on first quarter institutional sales, it should be reversed this year and be neutral to slightly positive to earnings. We believe the change will lead to better efficiency in our distribution system. We expect another strong year in 2009 for our Apex wear washing system, which provides customers with new standards of performance and cost savings. We are using that strength to help drive the new account growth. We are also utilizing improved prospecting tools and software and targeting independent accounts and regional chains with additional and redeployed sales people and programs. This includes additional sales people in corporate accounts, distributor sales, regional sales and specialization of sales people in the field. We expect these aggressive sales efforts along with pricing and market share gains to help us continue to outperform our markets in the second quarter. Kay's first quarter sales grew 7%, primarily reflecting new account gains and new product sales. Business trends remain strong in quick service restaurants with continued good ongoing demand from major existing and new fast food chain accounts. The food retail business continued to show strong growth with double-digit gain. New products and programs like the introduction of solids for QSR, along with customer wins continue to bolster Kay's results. We expect these initiatives along with continued good end market trends to help drive strong gains in Kay's second quarter of 2009. Textile care sales increased 1%. New account sales along with pricing offset volume declines from existing accounts. We look for flattish results in the second quarter as the business gains and new markets continue to offset lower customer volumes. Healthcare sales rose 8% as it compared against a strong quarter a year ago. Continued solid growth for our surgical draping businesses led the results. We launched a new non-aerosol foaming sanitizer for skin care in the quarter as well as Asepti-Wraps for surgical equipment and continue to expand our surgical draping business. In addition, we acquired a small surgical protection and contamination control systems business to broaden our footprint in the operating room and leverage the growing orthopedic surgery market. Looking ahead, second quarter sales should show continued good growth led by the surgical business. Food and beverage reported sales declined 8%, however, excluding Ecovation, sales rose 7%. Good results for the food and beverage and water care businesses were offset by Ecovation, where a large project reported in the last year's first quarter impacted the comparison. Food and beverage enjoyed strong gains in the dairy, beverage, agri, food and water care markets as better pricing, corporate account wins and new products drove sales. Water care sales experienced good growth in the quarter with a continued focus on our corporate account opportunities, particularly in food and beverage. As expected, Ecovation sales were down from last year on a comparable basis reflecting the recording of a large project in the year ago period. Customer interest generally remains good and the need for Ecovation's affluent management and energy systems remain strong. However, customers are reluctant to commit to significant projects or make major capital commitments in the current uncertain economy. We expect slow results until market confidence firms up, but remain excited about its potential and the $4 billion market opportunity it addresses. We expect good sales trends in the second quarter for the food and beverage business as we focus on new account acquisition, pricing and continued expansion of our water management platform. Ecovation is expected to see flattish results when compared with last year. Vehicle care sales decreased 6%. Soft market demand due to the recession more than offset better pricing and new more sustainable products and programs. Vehicle care continues to focus on new programs and new market opportunities to drive sales. The division recently introduced an operational cost management program to help car wash operators critically analyze their operations and achieve cost savings through energy and water conservation. This should help boost future sales. We expect the second quarter will be challenging and likely a lower sales environment for the vehicle care division. Sales for U.S. other services decreased 3% in the first quarter. Pest elimination sales rose 1% as gains in the fast food and food and beverage plant markets continue to offset weak conditions in restaurants and lodging. In response, we are focused on selling the basic programs to new accounts as well as regional and local chain accounts. We are also targeting growth markets like QSR and food and beverage processing. We are enhancing field sales force effectiveness with new training and hires to more aggressively pursue contract business. We expect pest elimination to show modest growth in the second quarter as it focuses on expanding market segments and emphasizes its high quality and more reliable service results to drive new business. GCS results decreased 13% for the quarter. Service and part sales were soft as existing customers defer repairs and as prospective customers delay their decisions due to the weak economy. The sales pipeline and chain customer interest remains very good as we are able to demonstrate the value of our service program, which reduced customer downtime and emergency repairs. However, the current uncertain economy has resulted in longer decision time lines despite the lower sales volume, GCS profitability  GCS profitability improved substantially as gross margins and SG&A ratios improved dramatically shrinking the operating loss over last year and reflecting the elimination of stabilization costs related to new systems in last year's quarter. The new ERP system is providing the operating information that led to improved customer and market segment profitability, dispatching improvements, better tech utilization, supply chain improvement and improved working capital management. All of these have helped our operating efficiency and improved overall division profitability. Looking to the second quarter, we expect sales to be off due to the weak economy and decreased customer repair activity, but we expect GCS will again report significantly improved profitability over the prior year period. Measured in fixed currencies, international sales decreased 3%. Europe, Middle East and Africa sales rose 1% in the first quarter at fixed currency rates. Europe's institutional sales declined moderately as food service and lodging trends weakened. In response, we have dedicated sales resources, targeting new business and emphasized new products and the cost savings we offer customers to drive market share growth. Food and beverage sales rose modestly reflecting slow markets. F&B is focused on winning new customers by emphasizing the cost savings benefits of our leading products like DryExx and Accelerate [ph] as well as implementing appropriate pricing. Textile care showed modest sales growth in the quarter. Healthcare sales continued to show good growth led by sales of skin care and clean room products. We also launched our solid products lines for instrument cleaning. Pest Europe showed better core contract sales. However, these were offset by soft and fill rate program revenues. Europe's business information systems platform work continues to move forward. We have successfully implemented the system in four countries, including our largest country, Germany, and the country with our largest plant, which is Belgium. We'll continue to roll out the remaining system locations over the coming months. With expected completion in the second half of 2010 sales force training is going well and we are seeing better sales fundamentals by our field people in major countries. However, with weak market trends, we look for Europe's second quarter fixed currency sales to be slightly lower than last year. I may have misstated the international sales; they increased 3% in the quarter. Asia-Pacific sales grew 1% in fixed currencies. Institutional's modest sales gains were driven by account wins in catering, mid-scale hotels and restaurants as well as food retail markets. They worked to offset weak occupancy and catering in the high end hotels. Food and beverage sales reported moderate growth. Both the beverage and brewing sectors continue to show solid growth in Asia due to increased product penetration and account gains. Looking ahead, Asia Pacific expects improved sales growth for the second quarter and the remainder of 2009. First quarter sales for Ecolab's Canadian operations rose 8% over last year at fixed exchange rates. Institutional sales were strong driven by an increased focus on distributor partnership and price increases. Food and beverage sales and pest elimination also showed excellent gains driven by new accounts. Latin America reported a solid sales gain rising 9% at fixed exchange rates as all divisions increased. Institutional growth was driven by new account gains, increased product penetration as well as continued success with global and regional accounts. Food and beverage sales reflected strong demand in the beverage and brewing markets as well as benefits of new accounts. Pest elimination continued its outstanding performance throughout Latin America. Overall, we expect healthy growth trends to continue in Latin America with another strong gain in the second quarter. Turning to margins on the income statement and slide #8 of our presentation, as we expected, first quarter gross margins decreased and were 47.5% compared with 49.4% last year. Excluding restructuring charges included in our cost of sales, first quarter 2008 gross margins were 48.1%. Higher delivered product costs, especially in Europe and lower sales volume more than offset pricing and cost savings initiatives. SG&A expenses were 38.3% of sales, 10 basis points above last year. The SG&A ratio reflected strong pricing leverage and savings from our recent corporate restructuring. These nearly offset the lower sales volume and higher costs. Operating income for Ecolab's U.S. cleaning and sanitizing segment decreased 3%. Excluding the distributor incentive change, operating income increased approximately 9%. Adjusted margins, excluding the distributor change expanded by 180 basis points over last year. The increase was driven by pricing gains in improved cost efficiencies which more than offset delivered product costs and lower sales volume. Operating income for U.S. other services grew 89%. Growth was driven by pricing gains, close attention to expenses and reduced GCS costs related to the system stabilization work last year. International fixed currency operating income decreased 52%. The lag of higher delivered product cost increases internationally, primarily in Europe had a dramatic impact on our first quarter international operating income. As a result, the lower sales volume and higher delivered product and other costs more than offset pricing gains. The impact of the delivered product cost increases are expected to moderate in the second quarter and the balance of 2009. The corporate segment includes special charges which are reported as a separate line item on the income statement. The special charges which are not included in pro forma results including a restructuring charge of $33 million for actions primarily taken to optimize our work force as well as other nonrecurring costs to optimize our business structure. The corporate segment also includes $5 million of investments in the development of business systems and other corporate investments we are making as part of our ongoing efforts to improve our efficiency and returns in Europe. These investments are included in pro forma results. Ecolab's reported first quarter consolidated tax rate was 29.4%, about even with last year's reported 29.3%. Excluding discreet tax items and the tax impact of special gains and charges, the adjusted effective income tax rate for the first quarter 2009 was 31.3% and compared with 32.8% in the first quarter of 2008. The substantial decrease in the adjusted tax rate was primarily due to tax planning efforts involving optimization of our international tax structure and global rate reductions. (inaudible) performance is that reported diluted net income per share for the first quarter was $0.24 compared with $0.41 reported a year ago. Reported  pardon me, pro forma earnings when adjusted for special charges and discreet tax items were $0.33 compared with $0.39 reported a year ago. As mentioned in our opening comments, earnings per share reflected about $0.10 from higher delivered product costs, $0.03 from unfavorable foreign exchange and about $0.03 from the reduction in distributor promotions. These were partially offset by pricing, cost savings, including about $0.02 in cost savings from our restructuring and the impact of new products. Turning to Slide #9, Ecolab's balance sheet and cash flow remains strong. Total debt to total capital was 43% at March 31 compared with 39% reported a year ago and 42% at yearend 2008. Our net debt at March 31 was 41%. We also made a voluntary cash contribution to our pension plan of $50 million at the end of the first quarter. Slide #10 shows our forecast for the second quarter and full year 2009 and the press release includes line item forecasts for our second quarter P&L. As previously discussed, we look for slow markets throughout 2009 and are taking appropriate actions to drive both the top and bottom lines in these markets. Deliberate product costs and currency present formidable headwinds in the first half as they compare against the prior year, though we look for better comparisons for both in the second half. We have been successfully using our new products that help customers reduce their costs and improve their efficiency along with our service rates to capture market share and drive growth. In the second quarter, we look for our U.S. operations to show modest sales gains in the face of challenging conditions. We will continue to emphasize products that provide unparalleled performance and energy and cost savings for our customers. We expect them to provide further differentiation and opportunity and help drive results. We look for international sales to be similar to last year at fixed exchange rates as good growth from Latin America, Canada and Asia-Pacific are offset by Europe. Net including the estimated $0.04 impact from unfavorable foreign exchange, we expect pro forma diluted earnings per share for the second quarter excluding special gains and charges and discreet tax items to be in the $0.46 to $0.50 range compared with pro forma earnings per share of $0.47 earned a year ago. Please recall last year's second quarter reported earnings of $0.55 per share included a $0.10 gain with the sale of a plant. Slide #11 shows some detail on our 2009 outlook building from 2008's results. The outlook is consistent with our original forecast. Raw materials, freight and fuel, while generally lower than fourth quarter 2008 levels remain a significant combined headwind on a year-over-year basis in the second quarter before turning favorable in the second half. We're also seeing the deliberate product cost impact hit our international regions a quarter or two after the U.S. Exchange is expected to be negative through 2009 and the distributor change which hurt the first quarter should benefit the fourth quarter. All other includes business growth, pricing, restructuring and other cost savings actions. The second quarter all other category should be similar to the first quarter. The second quarter all other category reflects the impact of fixed  of expected slower growth and pricing as raw materials provide offsetting cost relief. It also reflects comparison to the second half of 2008 when significant cost and incentive compensation reductions including bonus reductions as well as lower effective taxes benefited year ago results. We continue to look for full year 2009 pro forma diluted earnings per share, which excludes special gains and charges and discreet tax items to be up 5% to 10% and be in the $1.95 to $2.05 range. In summary, as noted on Slide #12, we are proud of our accomplishments in the first quarter as we performed effectively against very tough conditions and delivered on expectations while building for our future. And despite the increased challenges from the weekend service  pardon me, from the weekend full service restaurant and lodging markets, increased delivered product costs and unfavorable foreign exchange, we continue to expect an attractive performance in 2009. A final note on some upcoming Ecolab events. We plan to hold a tour of our booth at the National Restaurant Association show in Chicago on May 19. In addition, we're planning to hold our biannual investor meeting on September 10. We'll be sending more details this summer. In the meantime, if you have any questions, please contact me or Nicole in my office. That concludes our remarks. This conference call and the associated slides will be available for replay on our Web site. Operator, please begin the question-and-answer period.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And our first question comes from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
Eric Hess: This is Eric Hess [ph] in for P.J. In institutional, what percent of the business is expected to hold up? Where are you seeing the declines and how much of a volume decline do you expect in 2Q?
Citi: This is Eric Hess [ph] in for P.J. In institutional, what percent of the business is expected to hold up? Where are you seeing the declines and how much of a volume decline do you expect in 2Q?
Doug Baker: Yes, Eric, Doug. I think the  what we're seeing in institutional is pretty much what we expected, which is we clearly have got the most severe pressure in lodging, food service, which is also under pressure is acting a lot like food service has acted in the past under pressure and we don't really expect either to recover, but we also don't believe that they're going to continue to decline at the rates we saw in the last couple of quarters, that they're semi bottoming and we will continue to look at these types of markets through the balance of the year. Volume, we've got a bunch of things going on in institutional. They're doing a very good job. You've still got a number of restaurant closings. We're having great success selling new business and we expect that to build momentum throughout the year. So while the market is not going to recover, we do expect that our new business results will continue to fuel improved results throughout the year.
Eric Hess: Okay. And how many sales associates did you hire last year and how many would you hire this year?
Citi: Okay. And how many sales associates did you hire last year and how many would you hire this year?
Doug Baker: Let's go look up exact numbers.
Michael Monahan: For this year, I think we're looking to be probably net flat, maybe off a little bit for a total head count. I'm trying to 
Doug Baker: Globally.
Michael Monahan: Yes, globally.
Doug Baker: Of course, it differs by region and by business. We aren't managing each business to the same number because we've got very different market conditions.
Michael Monahan: And in 2008, we were up about 550.
Eric Hess: Great, thank you.
Citi: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Harrison with First Analysis.
Mike Harrison: Hi, good afternoon. I was wondering you talked a lot about targeting share gains and new accounts, particularly on the food service side. Do you have any metrics that you can provide to show us how you're doing on that front?
First Analysis: Hi, good afternoon. I was wondering you talked a lot about targeting share gains and new accounts, particularly on the food service side. Do you have any metrics that you can provide to show us how you're doing on that front?
Doug Baker: Mike, Doug, we typically don't go out and give specific account wins nor give specific numbers of accounts. I guess I can't share that. We are significantly above our average year in terms of new account productivity and probably are only behind one stand out year at this point in time which was when we had a major competitive change in the market, which is really a one-year phenomenon. So we're above last year metrics, we measure unit gains all the way down to the individual territory manager level. We have gained loss reporting, we measure it to net sales, we know what's happening by region throughout all the countries that we compete in. So I think we've got a very good handle on this and we are achieving the type of successes that we hoped for moving into the year.
Mike Harrison: Alright. And then I know that you've had some changes for the better in terms of your relationship with Cisco. I was wondering if you could give us an update on that and maybe if you're able to put some numbers on how many new accounts you've gained through Cisco over the past year or maybe what portion of Cisco customers are buying Ecolab products now versus a year ago?
First Analysis: Alright. And then I know that you've had some changes for the better in terms of your relationship with Cisco. I was wondering if you could give us an update on that and maybe if you're able to put some numbers on how many new accounts you've gained through Cisco over the past year or maybe what portion of Cisco customers are buying Ecolab products now versus a year ago?
Doug Baker: Yes, I think (inaudible) what I'll say is you're right, we've got, I think a renewed partnership with Cisco at this point in time and we're working very successfully going after select accounts. What we've basically done is compared databases and understand where they've got what I'll just call preferred customers and we aren't serving those customers nor is Cisco enjoying the cleaning business in any other way and we're targeting those customers together. Our new account productivity as a result of this through Cisco is substantially above any previous year. So this is a much more effective way to go to market. We've added resources to specifically help support this program and we're measuring it together. So both corporations, I think are clearly on top of this issue and pushing it to both of our benefit.
Mike Harrison: Alright. Thanks very much, Doug.
First Analysis: Alright. Thanks very much, Doug.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Are you seeing  how much pressure are you seeing from your large customers on pricing, specifically in the United States?
Deutsche Bank: Are you seeing  how much pressure are you seeing from your large customers on pricing, specifically in the United States?
Doug Baker: Well, clearly all of our customers are under pressure as well and so  I don't think there's ever been a year when we didn't have conversations with our customers about price and you might not be surprised to hear that they generally would like our prices to be lower. And it's not different this year. So certainly there's pressure. We work to maintain long-term partnerships the way we handle pricing in the last few years was never to try to recoup what I'll call extraordinary raw material increases that we've seen over a four year period capped by a huge increase in the second half of last year. We've never tried to recoup that in any one year. We've never worked to tie pricing specifically to raw materials. So I think our conversation with our customers is the same, which is, we're in it for the long-haul and we're going to work with them to help them lower costs. That does not mean that you got to lower our price to do it. And in fact, our premium products like Apex delivers lower induced costs to our customers and we have record placements and met our goals on Apex, which is our most premium priced program. So I think the way we're approaching it is working. Doesn't mean that there's not some friction out there what you'd expect given the market conditions.
David Begleiter: Doug, just on Europe what were the margins in this quarter and where do you stand on the structural improvement in that business relative to your expectations?
Deutsche Bank: Doug, just on Europe what were the margins in this quarter and where do you stand on the structural improvement in that business relative to your expectations?
Doug Baker: Yes, the margin story in Europe, I mean the margins were terrible in Europe in the first quarter. Really had nothing to do with the restructure, it was really a phenomenon of the raw material run up and now the raw material run down. I mean if you want to go back to the metaphor of there is a big rat moving through a snake and it is almost through but if you  Europe is just on a one quarter lag and the raw material peak was in first quarter in Europe and the increased year-on-year raw materials in Europe was greater than last year's Europe profit. So, that's going to have an outsize effect. Now we already know the raw material prices we're paying now in Europe are substantially lower. As they work their way through the system, we know that proper recovery is in front of us at constant or even slightly lower volume.
David Begleiter: Why does the lag occur in Europe?
Deutsche Bank: Why does the lag occur in Europe?
Doug Baker: I mean, there's  there's  I don't have all the structural reasons. We're not the only guys seeing a lag in the raw material performance. There's a few differences in our raw material supply situation there. One, we don't have the same type of caps in our contracts in Europe, so we're going to see more dramatic swings up and frankly more dramatic swings down in that type of situation, which is what we're seeing here as well. It just took longer to work through the European supply situation. We certainly have more inventory in Europe, so that's going to have some impact on it as well. But it's not a unique situation to us. But we also are very clear on what's going to happen with raw material prices there. We're already seeing it on the products we're buying today.
David Begleiter: Thank you very much.
Deutsche Bank: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Bob Koort: Thanks. Got a couple, but Doug, I almost fell off my chair. I want to make sure I heard you right. Did you say your raw material inflation in the first quarter in Europe exceeded your profits in all of last year?
Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Got a couple, but Doug, I almost fell off my chair. I want to make sure I heard you right. Did you say your raw material inflation in the first quarter in Europe exceeded your profits in all of last year?
Doug Baker: Not all of last year, first quarter profits last year.
Bob Koort: Okay. I'm back on my chair. I was wondering, could you just describe a little bit the distribution, the logistics of taking a deep  I guess an inventory destock in the first quarter and a restock in the fourth quarter? Refresh my memory; didn't you guys do this a couple of years ago?
Goldman Sachs: Okay. I'm back on my chair. I was wondering, could you just describe a little bit the distribution, the logistics of taking a deep  I guess an inventory destock in the first quarter and a restock in the fourth quarter? Refresh my memory; didn't you guys do this a couple of years ago?
Doug Baker: Nobody told me. No, we  we have not done this in the past. What our past practice was is we would incent distributors to raise inventories moving into the heavy season, which for us is second quarter and third quarter. We would then typically maintain those incentives to maintain that inventory level throughout the second quarter and third quarter and then we would not have an incentive in the fourth quarter vis--vis and inventories would therefore come down to a more normal level during the fourth quarter. What we did this year is not incent the distributors to build inventories. We have (inaudible) don't believe this is efficient spending anymore and as a result you're going to see a decrease  because inventories aren't going to be built in the fourth quarter  or the first, you see a decrease in sales in the first quarter, but that's going to be offset by, if you will, a year-on-year increase in the fourth quarter because they won't be destocking in the fourth quarter this year because they never up their stock. It's a very  exactly what outs are, we know exactly what ins or to distributors, we've got a very firm handle on this and we've been managing  so our confidence level here is quite high and how our distributor ends behaved, if you will, in the first quarter was exactly as we anticipated.
Michael Monahan: Bob, referring to history, in one particular quarter, may be a little above or a little bit below what it may have been in another quarter. So it's not  it may vary just a little bit, so we may have been referring to that relative to the prior period, little bit higher, little bit lower, but this was a fundamental change than the way we were approaching it and a much bigger number than ever before.
Bob Koort: Got it. If I may follow-up, in the key institutional area, I think you said you're done 3% ex of the distributor program and I would guess we haven't seen that number in 10 years or 15 years outside of 9/11. Do you think this is also sort of a one-off destock across the customer base and you'll get that back in the back end of the year assuming the economy behaves or is that just for whatever reason an anomaly that you won't make up later?
Goldman Sachs: Got it. If I may follow-up, in the key institutional area, I think you said you're done 3% ex of the distributor program and I would guess we haven't seen that number in 10 years or 15 years outside of 9/11. Do you think this is also sort of a one-off destock across the customer base and you'll get that back in the back end of the year assuming the economy behaves or is that just for whatever reason an anomaly that you won't make up later?
Doug Baker: Well, I mean, I wouldn't say that we've got built in our numbers a restock this year. I mean certainly there's no doubt that inventories have declined. It always happens as business declines and as business increases, we know inventories will increase as well. We are  we aren't projecting that that's going to occur this fiscal year.
Bob Koort: Okay. Thanks.
Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander: Good afternoon. I guess first question on Europe, if you look at the sequential decline in margins, do you think you can recoup most of that decline to margins in Q2 and Q3 given the raw material profile or has there been other changes in Europe as well?
Jefferies: Good afternoon. I guess first question on Europe, if you look at the sequential decline in margins, do you think you can recoup most of that decline to margins in Q2 and Q3 given the raw material profile or has there been other changes in Europe as well?
Doug Baker: No, I  what I would say is we expect margins to increase every quarter and by Q4, we're going to be back to normalized margin rates.
Laurence Alexander: And secondly, just further on Europe, can you discuss a little bit of what you're seeing in terms of competitive landscape, particularly, how your larger competitors are holding up in this environment?
Jefferies: And secondly, just further on Europe, can you discuss a little bit of what you're seeing in terms of competitive landscape, particularly, how your larger competitors are holding up in this environment?
Doug Baker: Yes. I'd say Europe is  remains our probably toughest geography from a competitive standpoint and that hasn't changed unfortunately and so we're seeing the same, I would say, aggressive activity that we've always seen in Europe. I think all  every person in this business is feeling the market contraction that we're describing here. I'm almost  I'm also certain that we're handling it and managing it better than virtually all competitors as we move through. I suppose you can find some small regional who is outperforming us, but I would say, by and large, I know we're doing much better than the market and I would suspect much better than our larger competitors.
Laurence Alexander: Thank you.
Jefferies: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John McNulty with Credit Suisse.
John McNulty: Yes, good afternoon. Just a couple of questions. With regard to the lack of an incentive program for the distributors, is that something that should be  or was helping the margins and might explain some of the strength in the cleaning and sanitizing margins given the weak environment that you're in right now?
Credit Suisse: Yes, good afternoon. Just a couple of questions. With regard to the lack of an incentive program for the distributors, is that something that should be  or was helping the margins and might explain some of the strength in the cleaning and sanitizing margins given the weak environment that you're in right now?
Doug Baker: I think there's a couple of things. I mean we said we expected that this whole program of re-  I guess, focusing the distributor incentive program would be profit helpful. I would say though, on the larger story, we have been taking a long steady course of price increases and we said always that over time those would continue to help rebuild the margin that we've lost over the years as a result of a four year steady raw material increase and we've had very tight discretionary expense control put in place as well. So I think it's a number of factors that have led to this, but it's also not, we don't believe a one quarter story.
John McNulty: Okay. And with regard to pricing, I know you came in up 4%. It seems like that was a little bit higher than what you were guiding to. I also know you were looking for 1% in the second half. Do you have expectations that you may be able to do better than that in the second half given the traction you got in the first?
Credit Suisse: Okay. And with regard to pricing, I know you came in up 4%. It seems like that was a little bit higher than what you were guiding to. I also know you were looking for 1% in the second half. Do you have expectations that you may be able to do better than that in the second half given the traction you got in the first?
Doug Baker: I think, by and large, I would stick with a pricing story, which is this isn't going to be a great  this is not the right environment to go out and get substantially more or incremental pricing. At the same time we don't expect prices to erode. So you're going to see, if you will, a declining benefit as we progress through the year from pricing.
John McNulty: Okay. And then just the last question, with regard to Europe, I know the fundamentals are extremely difficult right now for you, but you're also  you've been involved in the sales force training or retraining. When would you expect to see some traction coming from that or are you and it's just not necessarily showing up just because of the difficult environment?
Credit Suisse: Okay. And then just the last question, with regard to Europe, I know the fundamentals are extremely difficult right now for you, but you're also  you've been involved in the sales force training or retraining. When would you expect to see some traction coming from that or are you and it's just not necessarily showing up just because of the difficult environment?
Doug Baker: Yes, I think if you look over the last few years, look, we've accelerated our European business on organic sales growth each of the last three years. Even now, I think you're going to see Europe's pricing benefit this year is going to be substantially higher than any of the previous years and while it came later than that management team and that we had hoped, they did secure it and it's going to have a real benefit this year as they move forward. So I would say we're already seeing the benefits of the sales focus and the additional sales fire power that we put in there. I wouldn't say we're done realizing the benefit, but I agree with your other point that it's going to be difficult to read in this environment.
John McNulty: Okay. Great. Thanks for the help.
Credit Suisse: Okay. Great. Thanks for the help.
Michael Monahan: A number of other metrics we can look at for the sales force and see that the various behaviors they've got underway are improving, their sales disciplines improving, so we think all the things are forming around that such that as the environment improves, you're going to start to see better reported results as a result of that.
Doug Baker: Every business in Europe had positive net competitive gains in the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Bisbee with Barclays Capital.
Gary Bisbee: Hi, guys, good afternoon. I think you just tried to tackle this, but can you give us a sense, given the falling year-over-year revenue, how you got the operating margin in the U.S. cleaning business up? I take it there wasn't as much as benefit or gain yet from the restructuring effort you initiated earlier?
Barclays Capital: Hi, guys, good afternoon. I think you just tried to tackle this, but can you give us a sense, given the falling year-over-year revenue, how you got the operating margin in the U.S. cleaning business up? I take it there wasn't as much as benefit or gain yet from the restructuring effort you initiated earlier?
Doug Baker: Well, we got  we didn't get the full benefit, but we certainly did get, probably I don't know  in some of the field organizations, two-thirds benefit because we  we implemented the program in January and so we realized the benefits of the back two months in some of the moves we did SG&A wise. The other is tight expense control, continued pricing gains and starting to see at least sequentially quarter to quarter reduction in raw material prices, although year-on-year there's still a problem.
Gary Bisbee: Okay. And then on the U.S. other service margin, can you tell us what the GCS loss was and it looked to me like it had to go to zero unless the pest business also had improving margins in the quarter any other comment on how you got such a big increase in the operating profit there? And I guess also is that sustainable as we look to the next couple of quarters? Thanks.
Barclays Capital: Okay. And then on the U.S. other service margin, can you tell us what the GCS loss was and it looked to me like it had to go to zero unless the pest business also had improving margins in the quarter any other comment on how you got such a big increase in the operating profit there? And I guess also is that sustainable as we look to the next couple of quarters? Thanks.
Doug Baker: Well, the GCS last year lost $6 million and this year we lost $2.8 million. It was a substantial improvement in spite of obviously real top line challenges. All the moves that we had talked about that we're implementing in GCS I think Mike referred to them in his upfront comments, have taken hold or if you will, the water line above which we got to rise to get to profitability on GCS has been substantially lowered over the last two years and as a result you're  we're seeing some dramatic improvement in  at least its loss profile. If you had any kind of normal business conditions, I think you would have seen break even for sure or better.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Gulley with Soleil Securities.
Mark Gulley: Good afternoon, Doug. I got two questions for you. First of all, is there anything like this distributor thing in the U.S. that's in the Ecolab system where you may have to smooth things out; is there an encore to this whole thing?
Soleil Securities: Good afternoon, Doug. I got two questions for you. First of all, is there anything like this distributor thing in the U.S. that's in the Ecolab system where you may have to smooth things out; is there an encore to this whole thing?
Doug Baker: No, there's nothing at this level. I mean, this is institutional, which is by far our largest business. No. So this isn't going to be a recurring theme. It's a little bit of a one off, we spent a lot of time working this and identifying it. I think this has been a great move for our business.
Mark Gulley: Okay. And secondly, my impression was that pest elimination would be a little bit more resilient this recession. Turns out that sales gain was pretty modest. Was my premise incorrect or is there something else going on in pest that maybe we should be concerned about?
Soleil Securities: Okay. And secondly, my impression was that pest elimination would be a little bit more resilient this recession. Turns out that sales gain was pretty modest. Was my premise incorrect or is there something else going on in pest that maybe we should be concerned about?
Doug Baker: No. I mean, it's the market. And I would say I think in past  clearly pest has been impacted. Traditionally though when things get tight, if pest is doing a good job, there are no pests, therefore, people start questioning whether they actually need the service. They will walk away from the service for a period of time and Mother Nature reappears in the form of cockroaches and mice and we usually end up getting called back. So I'd say we've gone through these cycles before and we expect this business to strengthen throughout the year.
Mark Gulley: That's helpful. Thank you.
Soleil Securities: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rosemarie Morbelli with Ingalls & Snyder.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Good morning, all. Could you  when you talked, Doug, about the fact that you could go back to the traditional margins by yearend for Europe, when I look at the margins in Europe, that doesn't seem to be a real traditional margin. So, are you looking at the 9% that you  that you had last year for the full year, is that what you would think of as a traditional margin?
Ingalls & Snyder: Good morning, all. Could you  when you talked, Doug, about the fact that you could go back to the traditional margins by yearend for Europe, when I look at the margins in Europe, that doesn't seem to be a real traditional margin. So, are you looking at the 9% that you  that you had last year for the full year, is that what you would think of as a traditional margin?
Doug Baker: Yes, in that range, yes.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Okay. So by the fourth quarter, you could be back and have a 9.4% margin flat with that of last quarter?
Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. So by the fourth quarter, you could be back and have a 9.4% margin flat with that of last quarter?
Doug Baker: Well, already you're pretty specific.
Rosemarie Morbelli: I know.
Ingalls & Snyder: I know.
Doug Baker: I agree with the  that is the range I'm referring to. I'm not going to get down to the decimal point.
Michael Monahan: Rosemarie, for the full year last year, Europe's were about 7%, so let's make sure you got that line right.
Rosemarie Morbelli: You're right. I was looking at full international. But full international in the first quarter is only at 3.5%. So, let's link that question to the full international, can we go from the 3.5% of Q1 back to around 9% by year end?
Ingalls & Snyder: You're right. I was looking at full international. But full international in the first quarter is only at 3.5%. So, let's link that question to the full international, can we go from the 3.5% of Q1 back to around 9% by year end?
Doug Baker: Yes, I think, internationally, you will see a similar type recovery throughout the year and we will be at those margin rates by yearend.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Okay. And given the  the raw material cost environment, the pricing, which I am sure is not going to be easy to get in Europe as everybody is feeling very poor, do you feel that in terms of restructuring you are doing enough and fast enough or is there something  some additional steps that you are going to need to take?
Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. And given the  the raw material cost environment, the pricing, which I am sure is not going to be easy to get in Europe as everybody is feeling very poor, do you feel that in terms of restructuring you are doing enough and fast enough or is there something  some additional steps that you are going to need to take?
Doug Baker: No, I think what we've always said is I think we size our restructuring program appropriately when we went after this and  but the moves if you're referring to Europe, we also stated even when we announced the restructuring, weren't going to all occur at the same timing that, if you will, our North American and Latin American, much of our Asia-Pacific did because of rules, regulations and others and we are seeing those occur throughout the year and I think Europe's also got the appropriate targeted restructuring in mind.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Okay. And then if I may ask you a question regarding the swine flu, which everyone, I have already seen people with a mask, face mask in New York on the subway, do you think that the potential positive in terms of people particularly in hospitals and other areas like that and even in restaurants and hotels I am guessing, do you think that that positive potential will be large enough to offset the potential negative from people not going out as much, not traveling as much? Do you have a feel for what that could be?
Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. And then if I may ask you a question regarding the swine flu, which everyone, I have already seen people with a mask, face mask in New York on the subway, do you think that the potential positive in terms of people particularly in hospitals and other areas like that and even in restaurants and hotels I am guessing, do you think that that positive potential will be large enough to offset the potential negative from people not going out as much, not traveling as much? Do you have a feel for what that could be?
Doug Baker: Rosemarie, it's such a hard question to answer because really depends how this evolves and specifically, look, if this is going to be a pandemic, meaning, it's going to be widespread, but it's going to be a highly contagious flu, but not a flu that kills at a high rate, the risk is we get a flu for a few days, I think you got a very different situation, one that, I don't know, you might argue might be beneficial. Clearly, if this is highly contagious and also highly lethal, I don't think there's  I think that's a very different situation. And time is going to tell. I would say the odds are it's going to be the former not the latter, but we're going to have to let things play out and understand what the facts are.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Okay. Thanks.
Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Ridley-Lane with Banc of America.
David Ridley-Lane: Sure. Just a quick one. On the  I heard you speak earlier in first quarter about how great the acquisition pipeline is. Just wondering is that still the case; do you still think you're going to get some deals done in 2009?
Banc of America: Sure. Just a quick one. On the  I heard you speak earlier in first quarter about how great the acquisition pipeline is. Just wondering is that still the case; do you still think you're going to get some deals done in 2009?
Doug Baker: Yes, my assumption  I believe we're going to get some stuff done in 2009. But I guess what we've always said is we're going to do this at the right price and it's still taking a while for  let's say the things that we like, the current owners must still like too, although they say they're (inaudible). It's going to take a while for multiples to come down and if they come down as fast as we think, we'll end up closing them. If they're going to hold out for high price or a price higher than we think the property is worth, we're not going to buy it just to close something.
David Ridley-Lane: Okay. Sounds great. I'm going to put my mask back on. Thanks.
Banc of America: Okay. Sounds great. I'm going to put my mask back on. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research.
Dmitry Silversteyn: Good morning, gentlemen. Couple of questions if I may. You talked about the European market having about a 1% growth in real  or in constant dollars in the first quarter, but then you talked about expecting a slightly down quarter in the second quarter. What has changed between the first quarter and second quarter? Are they going through their version of inventory correction later than the U.S. or is there also an out of phase shift in Europe versus U.S. that you observed in the raw materials situation?
Longbow Research: Good morning, gentlemen. Couple of questions if I may. You talked about the European market having about a 1% growth in real  or in constant dollars in the first quarter, but then you talked about expecting a slightly down quarter in the second quarter. What has changed between the first quarter and second quarter? Are they going through their version of inventory correction later than the U.S. or is there also an out of phase shift in Europe versus U.S. that you observed in the raw materials situation?
Doug Baker: Yes, I would say, Dmitry, I mean what we've witnessed is Europe  Europe, if you will, kind of lagged the U.S. in particular, in its decline economically and so what I think you're seeing is just that lag kind of rolling through.
Dmitry Silversteyn: Okay. Okay. Well, I mean, they started later, but I think they kind of raced us, I think they beat us to the bottom little bit here, but maybe I'm wrong. You also expect Asia-Pacific to do better if I understood your comments correctly on a year-over-year basis in the second quarter versus the first quarter. Was there something specific about the first quarter in Asia-Pacific that, that caused the results to be a little bit weaker or is something changing now that you expect results in the second quarter to be stronger?
Longbow Research: Okay. Okay. Well, I mean, they started later, but I think they kind of raced us, I think they beat us to the bottom little bit here, but maybe I'm wrong. You also expect Asia-Pacific to do better if I understood your comments correctly on a year-over-year basis in the second quarter versus the first quarter. Was there something specific about the first quarter in Asia-Pacific that, that caused the results to be a little bit weaker or is something changing now that you expect results in the second quarter to be stronger?
Doug Baker: Dmitry, it's principally China, which is  our China business continues to do quite well. But if you also recall last year in the second quarter, there was blizzards, floods, earthquakes, I guess were later. I mean they had a lot of challenges last year particularly in the first half and so the  somewhat of a base issue.
Dmitry Silversteyn: Okay. So if you say challenges in the first half of last year, wouldn't that  wouldn't you have already seen the benefit in the first quarter of this year?
Longbow Research: Okay. So if you say challenges in the first half of last year, wouldn't that  wouldn't you have already seen the benefit in the first quarter of this year?
Doug Baker: No, it's principally second quarter, where it showed up in our business.
Dmitry Silversteyn: Okay, Doug, and then one final question. You talked about adding sales people about half a thousand or so in 2008, but you're looking to be flat to slightly down in 2009. One of the ways that you're able to grow above market growth rates and gain share and have some control over your destiny is through sales force additions, so I'd just like to understand the rationale behind keeping the sales count flat in '09 versus '08 or is it a matter of adding it in some places and taking them out in others so that net-net you're flat?
Longbow Research: Okay, Doug, and then one final question. You talked about adding sales people about half a thousand or so in 2008, but you're looking to be flat to slightly down in 2009. One of the ways that you're able to grow above market growth rates and gain share and have some control over your destiny is through sales force additions, so I'd just like to understand the rationale behind keeping the sales count flat in '09 versus '08 or is it a matter of adding it in some places and taking them out in others so that net-net you're flat?
Doug Baker: It's clearly the latter. We've got clear sales additions in a number of our businesses. We're adding corporate account, head count throughout the globe on all of our major businesses because we have targeted that we want to gain outside share in the largest account in food and beverage and institutional in all regions, health care and the like, but look, we also took out a number of what I'll call sales support positions as a part of central that weren't, if you will, directly customer facing, which are going to be offset by some adds in some sales positions. So there was  I mean, central was a genuine restructure in terms of how we've organized our manpower around the world to make sure that we can capitalize on the growth that's out there and also become more efficient in other businesses.
Dmitry Silversteyn: Okay. Thank you very much.
Longbow Research: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Annie George [ph] with Morningstar.
Annie George: Hi, thanks for taking my call. I just want to get a little more color on GCS. What do you think this business will look like two to three years out? I mean what when are we going to see some growth here?
Morningstar: Hi, thanks for taking my call. I just want to get a little more color on GCS. What do you think this business will look like two to three years out? I mean what when are we going to see some growth here?
Doug Baker: Annie, it's kind of a  the business always had a no problem top line, had a problem bottom line, while it's still losing money, clearly we've done a lot of stuff to start improving its ability to generate money. I would also point out that the business was cash positive last year and is projected to be cash positive this year, so if you will, the work on GCS isn't a cash drain at this point in time for the corporation. What do we expect in a couple of years? I guess, we need a little projection then on the  I expect the economy is going to be better a few years out than it is today and I think this business will respond quite well to top line improvement.
Annie George: And how far are your customers pushing out their decisions in this business? You mentioned that earlier.
Morningstar: And how far are your customers pushing out their decisions in this business? You mentioned that earlier.
Doug Baker: It depends. I think everybody starts looking at all decisions more thoroughly in these times of economic environments and, it happens in every business, it happens in ours. How long does that last? Probably until they start seeing signs of recovery.
Annie George: Is this your most economically sensitive business?
Morningstar: Is this your most economically sensitive business?
Doug Baker: It's one of the most economically sensitive. The most, maybe I'd give that award to Ecovation and vehicle care.
Michael Monahan: The other thing I'd add, Annie, and this is Mike, that for a lot of our customers this is a fundamental change in how they would do the repairs, in the sense that historically many of them were having it done locally, it was a local decision and this would be one that's a corporate decision where they're using one provider. So it's a cultural change in is it a local decision or a corporate decision. So you've got to go through the machinations of that in the current environment and as you can imagine in the current environment, there's a lot of other things that we're worried about and concerned about. The way we see it, the concept is being well accepted, this is more a deferral of a decision than a cancellation of a decision. As Doug says, we do think when things recover, we'll see decisions made.
Doug Baker: We've got plenty of  the interest remains, we're confident in the interest. I also, say you're going through  somebody has three fryers and one goes down and you don't have a full house, you do not fix that fryer right now. So we've got a lot o just fundamental deferral of repair, this is throughout the industry in other equipment repair businesses and the business will come back. Ultimately the fryers will get fixed.
Annie George: Okay, thanks a lot.
Morningstar: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Roberts with Buckingham Research.
John Roberts: Can you hear me?
Buckingham Research: Can you hear me?
Michael Monahan: Got you, John.
John Roberts: On Slide #11 where you show the all other, which is the productivity improvement and so forth, the first half is $0.18 to $0.22, the second half is slightly lower, $0.13 to $0.19. Wouldn't the benefits be picking up momentum as you finish the year or are you just starting to lapse some of the programs from the fourth quarter that you don't have as much from the second half?
Buckingham Research: On Slide #11 where you show the all other, which is the productivity improvement and so forth, the first half is $0.18 to $0.22, the second half is slightly lower, $0.13 to $0.19. Wouldn't the benefits be picking up momentum as you finish the year or are you just starting to lapse some of the programs from the fourth quarter that you don't have as much from the second half?
Doug Baker: John, Doug. It's really a couple of factors. One, you've got pricing, which as we said we're going to have a diminishing benefit throughout the year as we start lapping the pricing that we realized second half of last year. Second, you've got tax. We started realizing partial benefits of EBS in the second half of last year and we're realizing them on a full year, but we will start lapping tax benefits in the second half as well, which would also be included in there. And then there's also some variable pay components which also has an impact.
John Roberts: And then secondly, when you talk about the European raw material and fuel increase, are you talking about fixed currency rates or public currency rates cost because they'd be up a lot more in fixed rate than they would be in public currency rates?
Buckingham Research: And then secondly, when you talk about the European raw material and fuel increase, are you talking about fixed currency rates or public currency rates cost because they'd be up a lot more in fixed rate than they would be in public currency rates?
Doug Baker: Well, when I talked to them and compared the raw material costs to the profit, for instance, it was  it works in both fixed and frankly, public rates, but I was talking in fixed.
John Roberts: Okay. Thank you.
Buckingham Research: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Yang with Oppenheimer.
Ed Yang: Hi, all my questions have been answered. Thank you.
Oppenheimer: Hi, all my questions have been answered. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with J.P. Morgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: Just a couple of quick things at the end. Are all of your special charges in corporate, that is the $34.5 million or is only $26.5 million in corporate?
J.P. Morgan: Just a couple of quick things at the end. Are all of your special charges in corporate, that is the $34.5 million or is only $26.5 million in corporate?
Michael Monahan: Are you referring to the segment profitability?
Jeff Zekauskas: Yes.
J.P. Morgan: Yes.
Michael Monahan: Yes. All of them are in there. So you've got the $34.5 million plus the other $5 million from the investments we've made.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay. And you said in a previous press release that you intended to reduce your headcount by a thousand people. How many are gone so far?
J.P. Morgan: Okay. And you said in a previous press release that you intended to reduce your headcount by a thousand people. How many are gone so far?
Michael Monahan: About 90%.
Jeff Zekauskas: 90%. So that's how you got your SG&A down. And in terms of your pricing, you said your average prices were up 4%. In which regions was it up more than that?
J.P. Morgan: 90%. So that's how you got your SG&A down. And in terms of your pricing, you said your average prices were up 4%. In which regions was it up more than that?
Michael Monahan: Price  I'm sorry, Jeff, what was the last part of the question?
Jeff Zekauskas: In your slides you said that your average pricing for the consolidated entity was up 4%. In which major business units that you have  which major segments was your price up more than that?
J.P. Morgan: In your slides you said that your average pricing for the consolidated entity was up 4%. In which major business units that you have  which major segments was your price up more than that?
Doug Baker: Yes, well, regions, we have more pricing in North America, last year and we had strong pricing in institutional and F&B.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay. So North America 
J.P. Morgan: Okay. So North America 
Doug Baker: Jeff, you asked that question on the headcount. 90% sitting here today, but we just announced a plant closure earlier this month. We weren't at a run rate at 90% throughout the first quarter.
Jeff Zekauskas: Right. And then lastly, your Latin America local currency growth was plus 9 and I think in your annual you talked about some diminution of business in the Caribbean and in some other south  I think in Mexico. What turned around Latin America in the first quarter?
J.P. Morgan: Right. And then lastly, your Latin America local currency growth was plus 9 and I think in your annual you talked about some diminution of business in the Caribbean and in some other south  I think in Mexico. What turned around Latin America in the first quarter?
Doug Baker: Well, I'm not sure turned around. I mean, Latin America, if you go back to our history, has been a double-digit sales growth region for a number of years. So, what we've been talking about is it has still been  it was still impacted last year by slower  slowdown in Caribbean and Mexico and I would expect with the recent news, we aren't anticipating a turnaround in our Mexican business any time soon.
Jeff Zekauskas: Right. Okay. Thank you very much.
J.P. Morgan: Right. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: That concludes the question-and-answer portion of our conference. At this time we will turn the call back to Ecolab for some closing comments.
Michael Monahan: Well, thanks, everyone for your participation today and have a good one. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. You may all disconnect and thank you for participating.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-12 13:00:00) =====
Executives:  Michael Monahan  VP External Relations  Douglas Baker  President & CEO 
Analysts:  Andrea Wirth - Robert W. Baird Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs Edward Yang  Oppenheimer  P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Laurence Alexander  Jefferies & Company Mike Harrison - First Analysis Nate Brochmann  William Blair  John Roberts - Buckingham Research Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital [Richard Ong  Eagle Capital Management]  Jeff Zekauskas  JPMorgan  Dmitry Silverstein - Longbow Research David Ridley Lane  Banc of America  James Sheehan  Deutsche Bank  Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder Robert Felice - Gabelli & Company 
Operator: Welcome to the Ecolab fourth quarter 2008 earnings release conference call. Now, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Michael Monahan, Vice President, External Relations; sir, you may begin.
Michael Monahan : Hello everyone and welcome to the Ecolab's fourth quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman, President, and CEO, who will join us for the Q&A session following the review of the quarter's results.  A copy of our earnings release and the slides referenced in this teleconference are available on Ecolab's website at www.ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statement on slide two, stating this teleconference and the slides include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected.  Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Form 10-Q under Item 1A, Risk Factors, in our fourth quarter earnings release and on slide two. Starting with slide three in the fourth quarter we delivered a strong performance despite increasingly challenging market conditions, unfavorable currency trends, and substantially higher delivered product costs as we aggressively drove new account gains, new product sales, pricing, and cost reductions to achieve double-digit pro forma earnings growth.  Looking ahead we expect to continue to outperform our markets, and deliver superior growth once again in 2009. Starting with some highlights from the quarter as we move on to slide four, reported fourth quarter 2008 EPS were $0.33. On a pro forma basis excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items from both years, fourth quarter 2008 earnings per share rose 13% to $0.45. We delivered good organic earnings growth. This organic growth more then offset higher delivered product costs. We also benefited as tax and shares more then offset unfavorable exchange. These helped fund our investments in Europe and acquisitions.  In the US we achieved double-digit sales growth from our Kay, food and beverage and healthcare businesses, with modest gains in most other US businesses as we worked hard to offset slowdowns in our full service restaurant and lodging markets.  International showed good sales gains as Latin America rose double-digits, Canada was strong, and Europe and Asia Pacific both reported moderate growth. To drive results in this more challenging environment we have continued our aggressive sales efforts emphasizing our innovative products that provide customers with labor, energy, and water savings, and using them to help deliver new account acquisitions among our national, regional, and independent prospects.  We have also focused on cost savings emphasizing productivity, and efficiency improvements and increased pricing to recover significantly increased raw material costs and offset unfavorable currency. We took more aggressive action on costs last month when we announced a significant restructuring to redeploy our resources toward our best growth bets in this tough economy.  We will add sales firepower to key areas like corporate accounts, healthcare, pest, Kay and Latin America while reductions were made in areas that have seen volume slowdowns or functions that did not align with our long-term strategic priorities.  We reduced G&A support and will also close some plants. Looking ahead we continue to expect our full service restaurant and lodging markets which represent about 30% of our sales to be weak in 2009. However we expect resilient trends to continue in 60% of our businesses including the quick service restaurant, food processing, healthcare, grocery, government, and educational markets where forecasts call for growth in 2009. In 2009 we will also change the way in which we implement our distributor incentive promotions in the institutional division. This will have a negative impact of approximately $0.03 in the first quarter, be close to neutral in the second and third quarters, favorable in the fourth quarter, and be neutral to slightly favorable for the full year.  We expect pro forma EPS for the first quarter to be in the $0.30 to $0.34 range compared with pro forma EPS of $0.39 in the first quarter of 2008. As mentioned the quarter will approximately a $0.03 impact from the distributor promotion change. The quarter is also expected to see a $0.03 to $0.04 per share hit from currency.  Looking a little further ahead our forecast remains consistent with that given in January. We expect modest fixed currency sales growth over the remaining quarters of 2009. However easing delivered product costs and the impact of cost savings actions should provide significant benefit to operating margins.  This should yield improving pro forma earnings per share comparisons as the year progresses. We expect the remaining nine month period of 2009 to show double-digit pro forma earnings per share growth as these impacts benefit earnings.  We expect further earnings growth in 2009. We look for a full year pro forma diluted earnings per share which excludes special gains and charges and discrete tax items to be up 5% to 10% and be in the $1.95 to $2.05 range. In summary we continue to expect yet another superior performance for Ecolab in a very challenging 2009 environment as we leverage our markets with strong sales efforts to gain new accounts and better penetration.  We will also implement appropriate pricing and cost reductions to deliver steady growth and shareholder returns while continuing to build for future growth. Turning to the details as shown on slide five, Ecolabs reported consolidated sales for the fourth quarter rose 3%. Looking at the components volume and mix were up 2%, pricing was up 3%, currency reduced sales by 4%, but acquisitions and divestitures added 2%. Slide six includes sales growth by segment and division, sales for our US cleaning and sanitizing operations increased 10%. Excluding the Microtek and Ecovation acquisitions, sales rose 6%. Institutional sales rose 4%, our Apex [Solid] Warewashing line finished well ahead of plan and showed terrific momentum as heightened customer demand for cost savings and energy solutions drove interest.  New business gains continued to be solid and we had moderately favorable impact from distributor shipments. These gains were partially offset by the impact from the business decline among our food service and lodging customers. In response to the weaker market we continue to drive new product and program sales focusing on a cost savings and performance improvement opportunities that our products and service support offer to maximize total operational savings for our customers.  We expect another strong year in 2009 for our Apex Warewashing system which provides customers with new standards of performance and cost savings and we are adding more new products and programs that will help drive growth in 2009. We are also driving new account growth utilizing improved prospecting tools and software and targeting independent accounts and regional chains with additional and redeployed sales people and programs.  This includes additional sales people in corporate accounts, distributor sales, regional sales, and specialization of sales people in the field. We expect these aggressive sales efforts along with pricing and market share gains to deliver continued growth for institutional from end customers in the first quarter.  However as mentioned in the press release we will change the way we implement distributor incentive promotions in the US institutional division in the first quarter. This will have a significant negative impact on institutional sales and result in reported sales decline for the quarter. But that should be reversed in the fourth quarter and be neutral to slightly positive to the full year.  Kays fourth quarter sales grew a very strong 19% primarily reflecting new account gains and new product sales. Business trends remain strong in the quick service restaurants with very good ongoing demand from major existing and new fast food chain accounts. The quarter benefited slightly from the timing of some shipments. But even adjusting for this QSR was still up mid teens.  The food retail business continued to show strong growth with a double-digit gain. New products and programs like the introduction of solids for QSR along with customer wins continued to bolster Kays results. We expect these initiatives along with continued good end market trends to help drive solid gains in Kays first quarter of 2009. Textile care sales increased 1%. New plan additions from new and existing customers offset softer volume from existing accounts. We expect somewhat better growth in the first quarter as recent new business gains and new markets offset lower customer volumes. Reported fourth quarter sales for the healthcare division rose 64% reflecting the impact of the Microtek acquisition in November last year.  Adjusted for the Microtek acquisition healthcare sales rose 11% even as it compared against the strong quarter a year ago. Growth reflected continued solid end market demand for our traditional healthcare business which we now call infection control products and expanded penetration within our existing base of group purchasing organizations and healthcare purchasing systems.  Microtek rose double-digits led by strong sales of infection barrier products across all channels. Looking ahead first quarter sales should show modest growth as we compare against another strong quarter last year. However we expect stronger reported growth in subsequent quarters as comparisons normalize.  Food and beverage delivered a strong fourth quarter, reported sales were up 15%, adjusted for acquisitions, sales rose 11%. The quarter was led by strong gains in the dairy, beverage, agri, food, and water care markets, as better pricing, corporate account wins and new products drove sales. Looking at the segments, dairy plant was up double-digits as pricing, customer penetration, and market share gains led the increase.  Beverage also saw strong growth in the quarter led by new product sales. The agri segment delivered another solid quarter reflecting new account sales, pricing and favorable agri market conditions. The food segment saw better growth boosted by new accounts and pricing gains. Meat and poultry saw mixed results with customer gains largely offsetting weak market conditions.  Water care sales experienced healthy growth in the quarter with continued focus on our corporate account opportunities particularly in food and beverage. As previously discussed the uncertain economy has caused a number of Ecovation projects to be delayed. Customers continue to be very interested as the need for Ecovations affluent management and energy systems remain strong. However customers are reluctant to commit to significant capital projects in the current economic turmoil.  While we expect slow results until the market confidence firms up, we remain excited about its potential and the four billion-market opportunity it addresses. In the first quarter of 2009 we expect continued good sales trends for the food and beverage business as we focus on new account acquisition, pricing and continued expansion of our water management platforms. We will also focus on account profitability and cull those that do not provide sufficient returns based on the new raw material cost realities.  Ecovation will compare against the strong quarter last year is likely to see lower sales. Vehicle care sales increased 17%. The market demand declined dramatically due to the recession which more then offset better pricing and new products including the car wash industrys first comprehensive sustainability program.  Vehicle care continues to focus on new programs and new market opportunities to drive sales in what we expect will be a continued very challenging and likely lower sales environment in the first quarter. Sales for US other services decreased 1% in the fourth quarter. Test elimination sales rose 3% as gains in the fast food and food and beverage plant markets offset weak conditions in restaurants and lodging.  New account activity and add on business slowed in the quarter. Both were effected by increased customer caution in food service and hospitality where core services grew but customers reduced the purchase of ancillary programs. In response we are focused on selling the basic programs to new accounts as well as regional and local chain accounts.  We are also targeting growth markets like QSR and food and beverage processing. We are enhancing the field sales force effectiveness with new training and hires to more aggressively pursue contract business. We expect pest elimination to show a modest growth in the first quarter as it focuses on expanding market segments and emphasizes its high quality and reliable service results to drive new business.  GCS sales decreased 11%. Service sales were off as the economic downturn has resulted in customers showing continued caution and deferring kitchen equipment repair. Chain customer interest remains very good as we are able to demonstrate the value of service programs which reduce customer down time and emergency repairs.  However the weak economy has resulted in new customers being slow to commit and existing customers deferring repairs. These combined to yield lower fourth quarter revenues. GCS profitability improved as gross margins and SG&A ratios improved shrinking the operating loss over last despite the lower sales volume.  The new business systems are fully online and we are seeing the benefits of the new system through better business transparency, customer and market segment profitability, dispatching improvements, better tech utilization, and improved working capital management, all of which helped our business decision-making and operating efficiency and worked to improve profitability.  Looking to the first quarter we expect sales to be off due to the weak economy and decreased customer repair activity. Measuring fixed currencies, international sales increased 6%. Europe, Middle East and Africa sales rose 4% in the fourth quarter at fixed currency rates. Europes institutional sales showed good growth. New products and progress with the sales force were partially offset by slowing markets.  Food and beverage gained market share and introduced new programs and systems to offset slow markets and industry consolidation. Textile care showed modest sales growth in the quarter and healthcare sales showed strong growth led by skin care sales. Adjusted for the divestiture of a property services business last year, past Europe sales continue to improve. Europes business information systems development work continues to move forward.  We went live in two countries in September and it was successful. We continue to roll out with our remaining system locations over the next 24 months. The system will be critical in helping us achieve better growth and profitability in Europe and we remain confident regarding the value the systems will provide. Sales forces training is going well and we are beginning to see the improvement in the sales teams performance metrics.  Lastly our new regional headquarters in Zurich is up and running. We look for Europes first quarter fixed currency sales to be flattish. Asia Pacific sales grew 6% in fixed currencies. From a divisional perspective institutional solid sales gains were driven by account wins in casinos, catering, hotels, and restaurants as well as food retail markets. New products include the launch of a new warewashing platform in Japan and by growth in the market [guard] program for retail stores.  Food and beverage sales had moderate growth. Both the beverage and brewing sectors continued to show good growth in Asia due to increased product penetration and account gains. Looking Asia Pacific expects continued good sales growth in 2009. Fourth quarter sales for Ecolabs Canadian operations were up 7% at fixed exchange rates. Institutional and pest elimination sales were strong benefiting from corporate account gains, accelerated [street] growth and the rollout of Apex.  Food and beverage sales also improved. Latin America reported yet another outstanding performance with sales rising a very strong 12% at fixed exchange rates. All divisions again rose double-digits. Institutional growth was driven by new account sales, increased product penetration, as well as continued success with global and regional accounts. Food and beverage sales reflected strong demand in the beverage and brewing markets as well as the benefits of new accounts.  Pest elimination continued its outstanding performance throughout Latin America. Overall we expect healthy growth trends to continue in Latin America with another double-digit gain in the first quarter. Turning to the margins on the income statement and slide seven of our presentation, as we expected fourth quarter gross margins decreased reaching 48.1% compared with 50.2% last year.  Higher delivered product costs along with the impact of acquisitions more then offset pricing and cost savings initiatives. SG&A expenses were 36.5% of sales, 220 basis points below last year. The SG&A ratio reflected stronger leverage from pricing, cost controls and lower variable compensation which included lower bonuses.  Operating income for Ecolabs US cleaning and sanitizing segment increased 17%. Excluding dilution from recent acquisitions operating income grew 22% as adjusted margins excluding acquisitions expanded by 210 basis points over last year. The increase was driven by pricing gains, improved cost efficiencies, and variable compensation reductions which more then offset higher delivered product costs and investments in the business. Operating income for US other services grew 88%. Continued pest profit growth again led the improvement. GCS profitability also improved compared to the year ago period. International fixed currency operating income decreased 11%. The moderate sales gain in pricing were more then offset by higher delivered product costs and investments in Europe.  The corporate segment includes special gains and charges which are reported as a separate line item on the income statement. Special gains and charges for the fourth quarter were $32 million. As previously announced $19 million was for the write-down of investments in an energy management business and the closure of two small non-strategic healthcare businesses. The remaining $13 million was primarily from non-recurring costs that were part of our plans to optimize our business in Europe and included headcount reductions taken in 2008. Corporate segment also includes $7 million of investments primarily related to the development of business systems and other corporate investments we are making as part of our ongoing efforts to improve our efficiency and returns in Europe.  Ecolabs reported fourth quarter consolidated tax rate was 35.6% up from last years reported 29.7%. Excluding discrete tax items the tax impact of special gains and charges, the adjusted effective income tax rate for the fourth quarter 2008 was 30.6% and compared with 34.3% in the fourth quarter 2007. The substantial decrease in the adjusted fourth quarter effective tax rate was primarily due to tax planning efforts involving optimization of our international tax structure, international rate reductions, and benefits associated with our European headquarters move to Zurich.  We repurchased 11.7 million shares during the fourth quarter. As previously disclosed 11.3 million shares were purchased during the Henkel secondary offering in November with the remainder purchased earlier in the quarter. The net of this performance is that reported diluted net income per share for the fourth quarter was $0.33 compared with $0.45 reported a year ago. Pro forma earnings when adjusted for special gains and charges and discrete tax items were up 13% to $0.45 compared with $0.40 reported a year ago.  As mentioned in our opening comments organic growth more then offset delivered product costs. We also benefited as tax and shares more then offset unfavorable exchange. These helped fund our investments in Europe and acquisitions. Turning to slide eight Ecolabs balance sheet and cash flow remains strong, total debt to total capital was 42% at December 31 compared with 34% reported a year ago and reflected the purchase of shares as part of the Henkel secondary offering in November and the unfavorable impact of currency and reduced pension assets on equity.  Our net debt at December 31, 2008 was 40%. Slide nine shows our forecast for the first quarter and full year 2009 and the press release includes line item forecasts for our first quarter P&L. As previously discussed we look for slower markets in 2009 and are taking appropriate actions to drive both the top and bottom lines in these markets. Raw materials and currency present formidable headwinds in the first quarter as they compare against the prior year so we look for better comparisons for both in the second half.  We know this is an opportunity to use our products that help customers reduce their costs and improve their efficiency along with our customer service strengths to capture market share and drive growth.  In the first quarter we look for our US operations when adjusted for the distributor change to show sales gains in the face of challenging conditions. We will continue to emphasize products that provide unparalleled performance and energy and cost savings for customers. We expect them to provide further differentiation and opportunity to help drive results. We look for international sales to again be led by strong growth from Latin America and Canada as they enhance moderate gains from Europe and Asia Pacific.  We believe this will result in overall good fixed currency international sales growth. As mentioned earlier we are changing the way we implement our distributor incentive promotions in the institutional division during the first quarter, [will] have a negative impact of approximately $0.03 per share in the first quarter, that will be reversed in subsequent quarters and be slightly favorable for the full year.  We also expect currency to be an unfavorable $0.03 to $0.04 per share in the quarter. Net including the $0.06 to $0.07 impact from the distributor change and unfavorable FX we expect pro forma diluted earnings per share for the first quarter excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items to be in the $0.30 to $0.34 range compared with a pro forma earnings per share of $0.39 earned a year ago.  Slide 10 shows some detail on our 2009 outlook building from 2008 results. As shown the first quarter is heavily influenced by raws, freight and fuel, exchange and the distributor change. These penalize the quarter by $0.16 per share. Consistent with our prior comments regarding the year our raws and freight present a big challenge in the first quarter and first half which should benefit us in the second half. Currency exchange is expected to present a headwind most of the year with the fourth quarter showing a much easier comparison.  The distributor chains hurts the first quarter but because of the effect through the quarters, benefits the fourth quarter. Along with our business, pricing, growth, restructuring, and other cost savings and other actions we expect to continue to generate good growth in 2009 and lead to a 5% to 10% EPS gain.  Please note these are pro forma numbers which exclude special gains and charges and discrete tax items. In summary we are proud of our accomplishments in the fourth quarter as we delivered effectively against tough conditions and achieved double-digit pro forma EPS growth while building for the future and despite the increased challenges from the weakened full service restaurant and lodging markets, and increased raw material costs, we continue to expect an attractive performance in 2009. And now heres Douglas Baker with some closing comments. 
Douglas Baker : Well good afternoon, I want to offer an overview and Ill start with Q4 but Im going to have very little to say about it because I think Michael covered in detail and I imagine that most of the emphasis needs to be on 2009. First of all we feel very good about the Q4 performance. The businesses held up well, our new growth initiatives performed well and the things that we aimed to get done got done.  As I talk about 2009 I really want to talk about three areas, market, our situation, and the outlook. First the market, the F&B, healthcare, food retail, QSR, government, and school markets are holding up quite well. They are continuing to grow to look at the underlying conditions, they continue to provide a very good platform for us to perform in line with I think almost historic growth patterns.  If you look at the food service and hospitality markets they are also performing as we expected however our expectations there was that the markets would be challenged and they are. So you are seeing declining foot traffic in restaurants and you are also seeing declining rooms sold in lodging.  The foot traffic issues in food service are principally a US issue. You dont see the same types of declines globally but you didnt have the same type of food service market development over the years in the rest of the world. Hospitality is more a global story. But with this, this is a manageable piece of the business we believe. In total when you add up the markets, and you sum it, we really have a flattish market situation for Ecolab in total for the year, plus or minus a point or two.  So we anticipate what Ill call and characterize as lousy market conditions through all of 2009. We dont anticipate a second half recovery in these markets and honestly we arent planning on a V shaped rebound even in out years. We think its going to be a different type of rebound. The implication here is that its very important that companies are able to manufacture their own growth under this type of a scenario.  The good news is this is a skill that Ecolab has, weve demonstrated it and I believe youll see that well continue to demonstrate it as we go forward. To our situation, clearly better then most companies. We certainly have challenges, a number of them we share with everybody else but we have fewer challenges then other companies. We chase a $50 billion market. If you want to argue that that $50 billion is now $47 billion, so be it, its not going to determine our success.  It wasnt the next $3 billion that evaporated, we have plenty of opportunity to get out and grow this business and its not lost on our team, they are after it. Weve also taken difficult steps to react and reposition ourselves in this market situation. We announced in January that we are reducing our headcount by 1000 people. Weve done that. We are watching every penny and were using if you will the money that we are conserving to continue to aggressively invest to make this company better.  So we are all over new account activity, our goal is to gain share in every business in every market. We are continuing to invest in growth. We have added corporate account positions in institutional, F&B, QSR, food retail, and pest. We continue to invest in our healthcare platforms which continues to perform quite well. We are all over water and energy technology investments, pest global expansion, China and India businesses. We are also taking this time to retool our cost structure. This is getting after SKU simplification because it untaps our plant capabilities. We have a lot of under utilized facilities but weve got to simplify the product line to get after that capacity. We are also looking at our raw material cost streams and realigning them to benefit us in the coming years. We believe we know where the pressure is going to be on the raw material market and we want to make sure if you will, that we lower our exposure to what we think are going to be inflationary pressures in some of these raw material streams.  Finally we have a strong balance sheet and we are looking for M&A opportunities. We are going to be patient. I dont think prices go up in this environment, I think they probably go down as people get real with what the new multiples are in the M&A world. And so we will be prepared to move on M&A when the opportunities arise.  So we have clear plans, the team is very energized, and the team is moving forward. So, outlook forecast, weve talked about $1.95, $2.05 range, its a forecast that we first communicated as part of our November secondary offering and we reiterated that forecast as part of our January restructure announcement.  This remains our best estimate of where the year is going to fall going forward. Also as we discussed in November and in January its going to be a tale of two halves in 2009. Its going to be a stronger second half then first half. Its going to be driven by several factors. Raw materials flipped from a big negative to a positive from first half to second. There is a sequential decline in the prices were paying for raw materials but the other big factor is the big comparison difference when you look at 2008 [inaudible] half to half.  The raw material run up last year was principally a second half phenomenon and we had peak raw material prices on average globally in the fourth quarter. FX headwind abates in Q4 simply because you had the big dollar move in Q4 of 2008. Restructure savings, growth throughout the year, as we start seeing the benefit from the actions taken you get full quarter benefit, and some of the actions that we identified in January, were going to be follow on activities in subsequent quarters. Distributor promotion move flips $0.03 from one half to the other and finally if you take the cumulative sum of volume pricing etc. all remains fairly constant contributors quarter to quarter as our efforts and improvement offset continued market decline. So we do not have a market turnaround in our forecast. Thats not what drives the second half to first half change in performance.  Now weve got a larger [inaudible] then normal. Now this reflects a difficult forecasting environment however were confident we are going to grow, the question is how much, things are fluid, and our commitment is well keep responding and well keep you updated as things move forward throughout the year.  So I cant tell you exactly to the penny what the year will be, I can tell you this, our team is responding remarkably well. The market is tough, tough on everyone, but they are taking exactly the steps that I hope they would and that you would hope they would be taking. They are out aggressively prospecting for new customers, were getting them. We are putting pressure on competition and competition is under tremendous pressure right now.  We are all over costs and we are still taking care of our customers. So our goal for 2009 is the same as it was in 2008, 2007, 2006, 2005, its to grow and improve the business. And Im very confident were going to deliver against both of those objectives.  Those are my comments and I will hand it back to Michael.
Michael Monahan : Thanks Douglas, a final note regarding some upcoming Ecolab events, we plan to hold a tour of our booth at the National Restaurant Association show in Chicago on May 19. Well have more details as we get closer, in the meantime if you have any questions please contact me or Nicole in my office.  That concludes our remarks. We are now ready for your questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Andrea Wirth - Robert W. Baird
Andrea Wirth - Robert W. Baird: On your institutional segment in terms of the promotion impact, are you expecting, because of the change that your institutional business will actually, revenue will be down in the first quarter. 
Michael Monahan : Including the impact of the promotional reduction yes. We would look for it to be flat to up slightly adjusted for that change. 
Andrea Wirth - Robert W. Baird: Including that change you mean.
Michael Monahan : No excluding the change we would look for it to be flat to up, including the change well look for it to be down. 
Andrea Wirth - Robert W. Baird: You say in your press release youre expecting moderate growth in the first quarter, Im assuming that excludes the promotion then because with the promotion having your institutional business down, I think it would be tough to still see moderate growth for your overall business. 
Douglas Baker : I think we still expect to have modest growth and were taking this at its most literal point but we expect to have, at management rates or at fixed rates, to have growth in the first quarter even including the impact. 
Andrea Wirth - Robert W. Baird: Can you try to quantify what kind of revenue impact is built into that $0.03 a share EPS impact.
Douglas Baker : Its about $18 million in sales and fundamentally what were doing here is we have had a pattern and been promoting in advance of what Ill call peak season for a number of years and this is we increase distributor inventories through promotion dollars through to the very end of Q1, we continue to carry those or have distributors carry those higher inventories and then we let the inventories decline in Q4. And this is a pattern that weve had for a while. The rationale for the pattern historically was a number of them, the different competitive environment, high pile moves faster, you wanted to make sure that you were dominating the slots at a number of things.  A lot of these strategies were very, were right for a number of years. I would just say fundamentally we think the calculus has changed. And as we look at the amount of money that we invest in this versus the benefits that we get we dont believe that this is the right business move anymore. We spent 2008 studying this. We understand it very deeply. We have all the out information from all the distributors. We know precisely where our products go and so we can track quite clearly the results of these promotions for those distributors that take part and those that dont. And we know, I think to the dollar how this is going to translate and fundamentally what we are going to do is more normalize the sales shipments as we dont think the money invested to increase these inventory levels makes any sense anymore given the change in the market environment. So thats why the change and we know we will see this money back in the fourth quarter.
Andrea Wirth - Robert W. Baird: In your press release that you had last month talking about the restructuring and the reiterating the guidance you had mentioned that you expected earnings during the first half of 2009 to essentially approximate the first half of 2008, do you still view that to be the case especially in light of these promotional activities.
Douglas Baker : Maybe excluding the promotional activities, that may skew it a bit more now second half to first half. But aside from that, thats largely right. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs: On Kay, I think you talked about some new accounts it looks like you might lap those so have one more big quarter in the first quarter and then back towards a more moderate run rate, is that fair?
Michael Monahan : No our new account activity continues so I think that well have some not only additional new accounts but also the underlying run rate for QSR remains quite strong. Our food retail business is looking good so I dont think youre going to see a sharp fall off in the growth rates of Kay. And clearly 19% is not [substantial] but weve always run, or lately run in the low double-digits and so I think thats kind of a good base line. 
Douglas Baker : Theyve got a very strong innovation pipeline. Were rolling out new programs to several of their largest customers right now which also is anticipated to generate growth and theyve got other innovation that we plan to launch mid year that I think is a home run. 
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs: Could you give me a little sense on what the residence time is between your procurement guidance and St. Paul putting in an order for raw material and it actually showing up on the cost of goods line in a financial statement. 
Douglas Baker : Its probably not the order but lets say price change takes months to flow through the system which I think is fundamentally getting at the root of your question. So [inaudible] decline in price it takes several months to flow through simply because youve got inventory, raw material inventory, finished goods inventory and in some countries youve got balance sheet stuff to work on. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Yang  Oppenheimer 
Edward Yang  Oppenheimer : You mentioned that looking longer term that its going to be a different type of rebound, and no V shaped recovery in the outer years, what does that mean for your historical growth rate of 15% and 20% plus ROE targets, are those types of metrics achievable at the new base. 
Douglas Baker : I would say I dont think we relied on underlying market growth to determine our performance in the past. We got $6 billion of $50 billion and I just dont think market growth is key determinate of our success of growing or not. I think all the evidence supports that. So we have not changed our outlook but this is a business, it can sustainably generate 15% EPS. We got huge share, you are seeing the resilience in our markets right now. You got some markets that are halving and in our markets are softer but were talking points at this point in time. Fourth quarter we generated, I think if you break the whole thing down, 5% type growth if you take out acquisitions and FX and all the rest of the stuff, and while thats not the number we look for on a continuing basis, its lower then we want, its still the resilience of the business in an economic meltdown. We still like the 15%. We got the right growth businesses in the right areas and weve got plenty of leverage in this business to unleash as well. 
Edward Yang  Oppenheimer : Are you seeing any bad debt issues and if you have any data by end markets that would be great.
Douglas Baker : You watch bad debt very carefully, and certainly we expect to see, youre going to have more bad debt concerns in this market. I think we are all over it. We dont have any significant trends right now that alarm us but I will tell you we are watching payment patterns, were making sure we understand the customers, and were doing all the things that I think you would hopefully be doing in this environment.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup 
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup:  As raw material costs decline, do you think you can hold onto pricing or even get your typical 2% price increases. 
Douglas Baker : I think we have, a lot of it is because we had, we needed to and went after pricing very aggressively in the second half because there was such a wild run up on raw material costs. So we have that carry over effect this year because we didnt realize it all in 2008. Heres what I would say, the pricing environment right now is clearly not as good as it was say a year ago or even in 2007. With that said we dont anticipate going backwards on price which I think is consistent with what we said in the past.  We havent completely linked it to raw materials in any fashion. But were not going to be seeing the 3.5, 4 points of pricing for the foreseeable future. Will we get backed out of the 1% to 2% I think thats probably the right range for your model. 
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Can you provide more detail on your under utilized facilities, what are they and can you quantify how much cost savings you would expect in 2009
Douglas Baker :   Its really not a facility by facility comment, its simply this, weve got roughly 50 manufacturing facilities and probably 150 warehouse facilities around the world and if you look at that infrastructure it could hold 2x at least volume. But to go get after to unlock that, were going to have to simplify the line which we know and the line complications that we have today arent driven by market need, some of them are just driven that we, I dont think have done a good job optimizing our product lines as we need to. So thats the work that were doing. So its really unlocking the capacity that exists out there but that we somewhat choke off because of our overly complex product line.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander  Jefferies & Company 
Laurence Alexander  Jefferies & Company:  On the end market trends, can you walk us through how youre thinking about the education and government markets, particularly education in the US given whats happening at the state budget level. 
Douglas Baker : We havent spent a bunch of time on it, I can give you, its probably a couple of percentage points of sales in total, its not a huge driver for us in total. And education for us certainly does include some [inaudible], but probably more importantly its university feeding and some of that area. Its also feeding that we do out of the US in some of those markets. So I imagine theres going to be some pressure there but honestly I have kids in public school, they got a credit card, they seem to ring it up fairly regularly and I dont think this is funded by schools as much as it used to be in the past.  Youve got a lot of the large contract feeders doing this work now in school and a smaller percentage of that is the old $0.45, its more like $6.00 a meal.
Laurence Alexander  Jefferies & Company: Has this environment effected your time line for the restructuring targets in Europe. 
Douglas Baker : I wouldnt say weve got a crystal clear answer on that, certainly volume, I think as weve stated, we expect to grow on a fixed currency basis but we dont expect our growth rates to be as robust as they were last year so I expect that to start growing again as we move forward, move out of this say in 2010 and 2011. So I think youre going to still see, it may be delayed six to 12 months. We really havent gone out and recalculated it at this point. 
Laurence Alexander  Jefferies & Company: With the all other category, the various tailwinds that you have for Q2 to Q4, the run rate appears to drop off versus the Q1 run rate, and are there any factors in there besides just volume comps that you had in mind. Are there any issues with operating leverage at this point. 
Douglas Baker : The drop off in the tailwind was principally tax consulting expense.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Harrison - First Analysis 
Mike Harrison - First Analysis:  In the F&B business you mentioned that poultry was weak, obviously weve seen some bankruptcies there but how big of a piece of the F&B business is poultry and was wondering how long you would expect that weakness to persist. 
Douglas Baker : Ill get back on exactly what percentage of F&B business is poultry, I dont know offhand. I think poultry has been a cyclical industry forever and weve gone through these ups and downs, I guess what I would say more broadly is this, we feel very good about the F&B business in total including the impact of the poultry. The market is fairly strong. Weve got great innovation, were growing. Poultry represents 10% of our F&B business so I dont think its going to be the driver of our F&B performance. 
Mike Harrison - First Analysis: In terms of the pricing versus raw material gap, obviously youre still working on pricing at least during the first half, any confidence interval around seeing you get back to the 50% gross margin level as the year progresses. 
Douglas Baker : We expect margins to start recovering as the year progresses. Were probably going to get half way back there this year. We would expect this to probably take a couple of years to get back to the full 50%. 
Mike Harrison - First Analysis: On the M&A front, obviously you commented on your happy with where you are on the balance sheet some of your competitors are struggling right now, can you comment about whether youre talking to any of those competitors about potentially acquiring them and then overall on the acquisition environment what kind of opportunities you might be pursuing out there. 
Douglas Baker : We dont comment about M&A targets specifically and Im sure you can understand why. I will say this, we purposely I think were conservative on our share buyback in the secondary market. As we stated then we wanted to leave room on the balance sheet to take advantage of what we felt would be an attractive M&A market. We are happy we did that. We still believe the M&A market is coming our way and I guess well make a smart move if it comes up. We arent going to do it just to do it. My guess is there are going to be some good opportunities this year. 
Mike Harrison - First Analysis: On SG&A you said there were some lower bonuses, can you quantify that impact in the fourth quarter.
Douglas Baker : The bonuses were lower, they were fairly material. Its not something that weve publically announced. Its probably about $6 million.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nate Brochmann  William Blair 
Nate Brochmann  William Blair : Are you starting to see any more aggressive pricing from some of your competitors who may be struggling a bit more to stay in business and are you seeing that show up anywhere. 
Douglas Baker : I would say that has been with us as long as I have been in the business and Ive been here almost 20 years. I dont think its dramatically different in this environment. I think what probably is muting it is two factors, one their raws are even higher then ours and so theyve just gone through a period where their whole cost structure is changing. What we see more from competition is that they are changing their service patterns, theyre letting service people go, theyre saying we only service three days a week, there are a number of those types of moves out there. They try to mitigate or lower costs because theyre having a hard time getting pricing in the environment.  We see more of that. Competition still exists. Its going to be a challenge as long as we are in business but I wouldnt say its been materially different. They are under pressure and feel it. 
Nate Brochmann  William Blair : Are you seeing that as you look to hire some more experienced sales people, are you seeing that opportunity out there as some of those sales people are let go from other competitors. 
Douglas Baker : That opportunity exists. Traditionally we would prefer to hire and train our own is more our pattern. And thats going to be more our pattern going forward. 
Nate Brochmann  William Blair : I would assume that maybe some of your smaller competitors are customers might be going out of business here and there either in the lodging or restaurant side, are you seeing some of your larger customers gain some share from that and would that actually be a net positive for you as you already have an established position with some of those larger customers. 
Douglas Baker : Food service traffic, theres a lot of changes in food service patterns but habits and practices of consumers are hard so yes, I think people are continuing to eat out, theyre doing it in a different fashion, theyre trading down in many instances. So if these guys move into our customer base I wouldnt, I dont think thats the trend you bet on our company.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts - Buckingham Research
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Qualitatively would you say almost all of your growth is coming from share gain, it seems to me even hospital operations and so forth are flat or down and so most of the markets dont seem likes theres any end market growth and basically this is all share gain related. 
Douglas Baker : The top line gain is clearly pricing and all volume that were manufacturing we share. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital 
Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital:  Wondering about the margins in the other services, US other services business and obviously you had a huge gain this quarter and youve been talking about GCS losses falling, is that something that can continue to happen with the negative revenue environment or is that going to be some place that in 2009 would be more realistic to not expect continued margin gains until we get towards the end of the year and some of the cost savings works its way through. 
Douglas Baker : We expect to have smaller losses certainly in the early part of the year, its going to be important that we starting getting volume moving in the right direction to have sustained improvement in bottom line performance in the second half which were on but thats probably the best answer. I would say this the work weve done to lower the water line in GCS has been quite effective and we didnt anticipate running into this economic environment and clearly that type of repair business is more adversely impacted then other of our businesses.  And the fact that we are still having improvement in OI in spite of the top line pressure I think really goes to a lot of the work that the team did to improve the fundamental business model of that business. 
Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital: Do you have a lot of the big chain customers that you have in your core business or are there still a lot of opportunity to sell this into the existing base.
Douglas Baker : Weve sold a few, we have a lot to go.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Richard Ong  Eagle Capital Management] 
[Richard Ong  Eagle Capital Management] : On GCS you mentioned profitability in the fourth quarter do you expect profitability for the rest of the year into 2009.
Douglas Baker : No I think we went out and said when we started seeing the top line pressure at the end of last year that what really the GCS equation is quite simple right now, its volume. As we put volume youre going to see pretty direct correlation to OI improvement, thats whats going to need to happen. I dont think this is going to be a market where were going to see the type of volume increases we need to get there but I do anticipate that were going to start seeing improvement in the top line as the year progresses. 
[Richard Ong  Eagle Capital Management] : But for the full year do you expect to at least break even or expect to
Douglas Baker : No it will be a loss for the year, it will just be a much lower loss then last year.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas  JPMorgan  
Jeff Zekauskas  JPMorgan :  When you look at Ecolab historically your first quarter is usually stronger then your fourth quarter and on a pro forma basis you earn $0.45, what is you said is then the first quarter theres a $0.03 hit from the distributor change incrementally from currency comparing the two negatives maybe theres another penny or two, which gets you to something like $0.40 so how do you go from $0.40 to a range of $0.30 to $0.34. In your slides you talk about this raw material hit but your prices are up 3% which more then offsets a 10% raw material hit, so whats the difference between the fourth quarter and the first such that your earnings drop so much. 
Michael Monahan : First off first quarter is always our lightest quarter, fourth quarter is better then the first historically. And in terms of going from fourth quarter to first quarter youve got a big FX hit, raw materials continue to a strong impact and last thing is weve got greater pressure on our end markets as weve talked about all along that were facing in the full service restaurant and the lodging industry. 
Jeff Zekauskas  JPMorgan : So basically the difference is volume then. 
Douglas Baker : Q4 is a higher volume quarter then the first quarter and I think has always been seasonally when you look at it. And I think if you look at the moves I think theres one of our charts in the webcast presentation tries to show the first quarter impact and the remaining nine months impact and these things are principally driven by the direct product costs are going to declining sequentially. Youve got our restructure benefits are going to grow as time goes on simply the way that we structured the deal.  So really the math isnt that complicated, I think if you get down to it I think what you worry about, what I worry about when I see what people call hockey stick plans is if youre hoping for some miraculous turnaround our plan is not based on that. In fact its based that we have fundamentally about the same contribution from volume and pricing even though we do think were going to probably get more effective in terms of turning up new business as the year goes on.  But we havent really weighted that in our forecast. Its simply direct product cost, restructure benefits as they increase over time and the fact that youve got a very unfavorable first half comparison and a much more favorable second half comparison period in your base. Those are the issues.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dmitry Silverstein - Longbow Research 
Dmitry Silverstein - Longbow Research:  I was a bit surprised at the magnitude of foreign exchange impact on the operating profit line since I was under the impression that a lot of your international operations are more or less self hedging in the sense that you produce where you sell particularly in Europe which seems to be the largest unit within international, obviously thats not the case. Can you give us an idea of how much your asset base is dislocated versus where youre selling your product so that foreign exchange does have an impact of $0.03 to $0.04 on earnings. 
Douglas Baker : Your basis assumption going in is correct that we do really procure and manufacture locally. What the FX impact is is really a translation of operating income or of income from outside the US back in US dollars. Its not a issue of were manufacturing in dollars, it is simply a translation issue on foreign earnings. 
Dmitry Silverstein - Longbow Research: On the raw material costs, can you give us an idea of what are the top however many raws that are giving you the most grief in the second half of 2008 and that we should be paying attention to in 2009 as far as pricing is concerned.
Douglas Baker : The biggest guys are plastics in general because almost every one of our products has a plastic packaging component. Its [surfactints] which are probably going to move more in line with fuel, their oil derivative. Its caustic and its phosphates.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Ridley Lane  Banc of America  
David Ridley Lane  Banc of America :  The cost savings your going to get in Europe those would typically since a lot of them are labor and European laws and everything, those would typically lag the benefit to cost savings and [assets] youll see in US.
Douglas Baker : The raw material moves in Europe lagged in the US and so its about a quarter behind in terms of when we see peak raws in Europe versus the US and so when youre going to see recovery there as well. The cost savings, the only other, are you talking about the work were doing around restructure or
David Ridley Lane  Banc of America : Yes, the restructuring as well. 
Douglas Baker : What we said on the restructure is that really in 2008 and 2009 the benefit youre going to see is principally on tax, its not going to be that easily attributable to Europe because of the way we report but you are seeing an improvement in our tax line, youll see late 2009, 2010 and 2011 youll start seeing improvements in SG&A and cost of goods. It wasnt anticipated that wed see that in 2009. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Sheehan  Deutsche Bank  
James Sheehan  Deutsche Bank :  Can you give us your updated thoughts on what pension expense might look like in 2009.
Michael Monahan : Pension expense will be up in 2009, we think it will be a manageable number but it will increase somewhat. 
James Sheehan  Deutsche Bank : What was the GCS loss for the quarter. 
Michael Monahan : It was $5 million.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder 
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder:  You have 50 plants and 100 warehouses, and you have announced some restructuring, am I correct in guessing that there is much more restructuring coming down our way with additional charges and future benefits or do you think that you are happy with those two numbers.
Douglas Baker : Thats not a plan as we said here, the restructuring announcement that we made in January was really designed to position us for this environment and so no I wouldnt say that our plans are to have a bunch of follow on restructuring events. 
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder: Many companies have already announced restructuring and then suddenly everything is falling off a cliff in terms of the demand for their markets, while you do have a certain amount, you have more resilient markets you could still see the environment for your products hurt some more as people not only postpone [killing a few bugs] they will postpone cleaning, they will keep the unoccupied rooms totally locked, and keeping them waiting for the potential new customers, do you think that you have done enough in order to face adequately a market demand going down another 20%. 
Douglas Baker : We dont forecast our market declines to reach 20% negative levels. So we havent done enough for that scenario but I honestly dont believe that scenario is a realistic one to contemplate. What I think we did do was be very proactive and go after it in a way that puts it in a position to do this the one and done. Thats the goal. Recall fourth quarter we had 5% sales growth, if you take out acquisitions. We had 12% underlying earnings growth. The business is performing quite well while we were planning this. We really took this, a proactive stance to get after this so that we could be more in charge of how we did this and werent just in a reactionary mode to market moves.  I think the market that we have today is the one that we thought we would have, its not the one we wanted but its the one that we thought we would have as early as third quarter announcement when we were fairly dark on our 2009 underlying economic outlook and I think honestly some people thought we were too dark. So right now I think we are in good position, the plan isnt to come with move after move, its not healthy for the organization and I dont think its necessarily healthy for the confidence in the company.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Felice - Gabelli & Company 
Robert Felice - Gabelli & Company:  On the pension, your healthcare pension liability increased quite a bit both sequentially and year over year not much of a surprise given the financial markets, but could you discuss whether youll have to step up your cash contribution, if so to what extent and will that occur in 2009 or 2010. 
Michael Monahan : Were not required to make a cash contribution until 2010. We may make a voluntary contribution but theres none required in 2009.
Robert Felice - Gabelli & Company:  Given the increase in the liability whats the magnitude of that contribution. 
Michael Monahan : We havent announced that. Its going to be in the $50 million, $75 million range.  
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of John Roberts - Buckingham Research 
John Roberts - Buckingham Research:  on the distributor situation if you have a distributor thats carrying say floor care cleaning products from you and JD and Proctor and Gamble and 3M, are they rationalizing consolidating and maybe thats occurring across multiple products or are they continuing to carry everyone. 
Douglas Baker : Ive seen a lot of that. I wouldnt mind seeing more of it because that would clearly benefit us in almost every circumstance. I would say there are conversations but I havent seen any move there yet. 
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Do you most of your distributors carry multiple supplier products in similar categories or are there a lot of exclusive distributor arrangements. 
Douglas Baker : No Id say principally they carry multiple.  
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments. 
Michael Monahan : Thank you for your time today and have a terrific day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-24 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Monahan - VP of External Relations Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and CEO
Analysts: Laurence Alexander - Jefferies Michel Morin - Merrill Lynch Chris Shaw - UBS Andrea Wirth - Robert W. Baird Mike Harrison - First Analysis Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup John McNulty - Credit Suisse Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital Dmitry Silverstein - Longbow Research Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder John Roberts - Buckingham Research Robert Felice - Gabelli & Company
Operator: Welcome to the Ecolab Third Quarter 2008 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. Now, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Michael Monahan, Vice President, External Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael Monahan - Vice President of External Relations: Thank you. Hello everyone and welcome to the Ecolab's third quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman, President, and CEO, who will join us for the Q&A session following the review of the quarter's results. A copy of our earnings release and the slides referenced in this teleconference are available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statement on slide two, stating this teleconference and the slides included including estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Form 10-K under Item 1A, Risk Factors, in our third quarter earnings release and on slide two. Starting wit slide three, in the third quarter, we achieved another strong performance despite challenging market conditions and major increases in delivered product costs. As we continued our efforts to aggressively drive new account gains product penetration, new products, pricing and cost reductions to deliver double-digit earnings growth, while still making the key investments to continue our growth for the future. We expect to continue to outperform our markets and deliver superior growth for the fourth quarter and a full year 2008. Starting with highlights from the quarter, as we move on to slide four. Reported third quarter 2008, EPS increased 9% reaching $0.50. Proforma earnings per share which exclude special gains and charges and discrete tax items, rose 12% to $0.55. We also note that the third quarter earnings include delusion from our recent acquisitions of approximately $0.02 per share. We once again enjoyed strong organic earnings growth. Organic growth more than offset higher delivered product costs while exchange in tax also benefited earnings. This overall strength helped fund our investments in Europe and acquisitions. In US, we continued to show strong sales trends from our Kay, Institutional and Food & Beverage businesses. With good trends in most of our other US businesses, as we worked hard to offset slowdowns in our full service restaurant and lodging markets. International also showed good sales gains as Latin America and Asia Pacific both rose double-digits. Canada was strong and Europe reported moderate growth. Looking ahead, our full service restaurant and lodging markets has softened in the US and Europe, while quick-service restaurant, food processing, healthcare, government and education markets remain steady. In response, we continue to drive aggressive sales efforts, emphasizing our innovative products and provide customers with labor, energy and water savings and using them to deliver new account acquisition among our national, regional and independent prospects. In addition, we have undertaken productivity and efficiency improvements, cost reduction actions and increased pricing to recover significantly increased raw material costs and to continue to drive our bottom line performance. Despite the challenges, we continue to expect the strong performance in 2008. We trim the top end of our full year range by a penny, reflecting unfavorable exchange rate trends and uncertain economy. We now look for full year pro forma diluted earnings per share which excludes special gains and charges and discrete tax items to be in a $1.85 to $1.87 range. For the fourth quarter, we expect pro forma EPS to be in the $0.44 to $0.46 range. In summary, we continue to expect yet another superior performance for Ecolab, in a very challenging environment ahead, as we leverage our markets with aggressive, new account and better penetration sales efforts, appropriate pricing and cost efficiency actions to deliver steady growth and shelter returns while continuing to build for future growth. Turning to the details as shown on slide five, Ecolab's reported consolidated sales for the third quarter rose 15%. Looking at the components, volume and mix were up 4%, pricing was up 3%, currency added 5% and the impact of acquisitions and divestitures was 3%. Slide six includes sales growth by segment and division. Sales for the US cleaning and sanitizing operations increased 15%, excluding the Microtek and Ecovation acquisitions, sales rose 8%. Institutional sales rose 6%. Our new Apex solid warewashing line is running well ahead of plan and showing terrific momentum as heightened customer demand for energy and cost savings solutions, drives interests. New business gains also continue to be solid, as we picked up market share against regional and local competitors. These gains are partially offset by moderating consumption among our food service and lodging customers as they experience a softening in their traffic trends. In response to the tighter markets, we continue to drive new product and program sales focusing on the cost savings and performance improvement opportunities that our products offer customers and how well they tie into the broader 360 degrees of protection program that is designed to maximize total operational savings for customers. We have accelerated the rollout of our new Apex Warewashing System which provide customers with new standards of performance and cost savings and we are adding more new products and programs that deliver similar performance and value. We've added additional new account incentives, we're also driving new account growth utilizing improved prospecting tools and software and targeting independent accounts and regional change with additional and redeployed sales people and programs. We expect these aggressive sales efforts along with pricing and market share gains will deliver continued good growth for institutional in the fourth quarter. Kay's third quarter sales grew a very strong 21%, primarily reflecting new account gains and new product sales. Business trends remain strong in quick-service restaurants with very good ongoing demand from major, existing and new fast food chain accounts. The quarter benefited slightly from the timing of the shipments but even adjusting for this QSR was still up at mid-teens. Food retail business continues to show strong growth with a double-digit gain. New products and programs like the introduction of solids for QSR along with customer wins continued to bolster Kay's results. We expect these initiatives to help drive strong gains in Kay's fourth quarter. Textile Care sales increased 9%. New plan additions from new existing customers more than offset softer volume from existing customer. We expect more moderate growth in the fourth quarter as Textile Care brings on new business, new markets and uses new technology, as well as leveraging customer needs for operational efficiency to drive growth. in a smaller environment. Reported third quarter sales for the healthcare division again more than tripled, reflecting the impact of the Microtek acquisition. Excluding the impact of Microtek, organic healthcare sale grow 7%. Growth reflected continued solid end-market demand for infection control products and expanded penetration within our existing base of group purchasing organizations and healthcare purchasing systems. Our skin care product led the growth for original business showing continued double-digit growth. Microtek sales grows double-digits led by strong sales in infection barrier products across all channels. Looking ahead to fourth quarter organic healthcare sales are expected to show continued gains against strong quarter last year and be bolstered by Microtek growth. Food and Beverage delivered a strong third quarter. Reported sales were up 14%. Adjusted for acquisitions, sales rose 9%. The quarter was led by strong gains in nearly all markets. Looking at the segments, corporate account wins better pricing and new products contributed to dairy plant sales growth. The meat and poultry business enjoyed a very strong quarter driven by customer gains which more than offset weak market conditions. The agri market also saw strong growth reflecting new account sales and favorable agri market conditions, beverage also increased, WaterCare sales grew nicely in the as a focus on larger F&B processor accounts helped to offset account rationalization. As discussed last quarter, the uncertain economy has caused a number of Ecovation projects to be delayed and will not reach the very aggressive sales growth targets that were originally projected for 2008. We have been rebuilding the project pipeline and expect to enter next year with a much better business outlook. The need for Ecovation's affluent management and energy systems, and the resulting long-term growth prospects remain strong, and we continue to be excited about its outlook in the $4 billion dollar market opportunity it addresses. We expect continued good sales trends for food and beverage business in the fourth quarter of 2008 as we focus on new account acquisitions, pricing and continued expansion of our antimicrobial and water management platforms. We will also focus on new account possibility and cull those that do not provide sufficient returns based on the new raw material cost realities. The EcoCare sales increased 8%. Results continue to be influenced by higher gas prices and a softening economy, both of which more than offset better pricing and new products, including the carwash industry's first comprehensive sustainability program. EcoCare continues to focus on new programs, investments in it's sales force and new market opportunities, to drive sales in what will be a continued challenging environment in the fourth quarter. Sales for US other services increased 5% in the third quarter. Pest Elimination sales rose 8% . New account activity was driven by corporate account gains while non-contract services or seasonal or period work experienced slower growth. Both we affected by increased customer caution in the food service and hospital toward spending on such additional and [inaudible] services or new initiatives. In response, we are focusing on selling the basic programs to new accounts, as well as regional and local chain accounts. We're also keying in on growth markets like QSR and food and beverage processing, and continuing to develop programs to better target specific market needs like our Bed Bug program which is growing at double-digit rates. We have increased sales force hires to more aggressively pursue contract business. We're enhancing field sales force effectiveness with new training and hires. We expect Pest Elimination to show steady growth in the fourth quarter as it leverages it's high quality and highly reliable service results to drive business. GCS sales increased 3%. Pardon me, GCS sales decreased 3%. Service sales grew modestly. It's customers showed the same caution toward kitchen equipment repair that also effected our food service businesses. The sales pipeline continues to look attractive, and we are adding new chain or customers and gaining market share, but the softer economy has resulted in deferred repairs that have slowed third quarter revenues. Parts volume also reflected deferred repairs and was lower. GCS profitability improved as the operating loss shrank from both the second quarter and last year. New business systems are fully online and we're seeing the benefits of the new system through better business transparency, customer and market segment profitability, dispatching improvements, and better tech utilization, all of which helped our business decision making and operating efficiency and worked to improve profitability. Productivity is continuing to increase on the new systems, and we look for new further gains for our people as our people build experience with new the new tools. Looking to the fourth quarter, we expect flattish sales as GCS actions offset decreased customer repair activity while continuing to show further profitability improvement. Measured in fixed currencies, international sales increased 6%. Europe, Middle East and Africa sales increased 2% in the third quarter at fixed currency rates. However, excluding acquisitions and divestitures, fixed currency sales increased 4%. Europe's Institutional sales showed modest growth. New products and progress for the sales force were partially offset by slower markets. New products include the introduction of Wash 'n Walk, a new line of floor scrubbers in the expanded Max floor care line. These new entries combined with continued gains from housekeeping to help drive sales. Food and beverage used new products and customer wins to offset slow markets and industry consolidation. Textile Care showed a modest gain, while healthcare reported strong growth led by skincare and Cleanroom sales. Adjusted for the divestiture of a property services business last year, Pest Europe sales increased as initiatives to build the business continued to drive profitable growth. Key metrics including customer continued to improve. Europe's business information systems development work continues to move forward. A multiphase rollout began in September as we successfully rolled it out to two countries. We will complete the rollout for the rest of the European countries over the next 24 months. The initial read is good, but, obviously we will need more time to see the benefits. While these improvements take time to implement, they are critical to the fundamental development that we need to make to achieve better growth and profitability in Europe. Sales force training is going well, and we're beginning to see improvement in the sales team's performance metrics. Lastly, we completed the bulk of our move to our new regional headquarters in Zurich as we build a Pan-European operating stricture. We look for Europe's fourth quarter fixed currency sales to continue to show moderate growth, However. we also look for better results ahead as the actions we are implementing take hold. Asia-Pacific sales grew 10% in fixed currencies. From a divisional perspective, Institutional solid sales gains were driven by new products, including the launch of a new warewashing platform in Japan, and by growth in the MarketGuard for retail stores. We achieved important account wins in casinos, catering, hotels and restaurants as well as food retail markets. Food and beverage sales had strong growth. Both the beverage and brewing sectors continue to show good growth in Asia. The food and beverage division benefited from increased product penetration and account gains. Looking ahead, Asia-Pacific expects good sales growth in the fourth quarter. Third quarter sales of Ecolab's Canadian operations were up 8% at fixed exchange rates. Institutional and Pest Elimination sales were strong, benefiting from corporate account gains, accelerated street growth and a rollout of Apex. Food and beverage sales also improved. Latin America reported yet another outstanding performance with sales rising a very strong 15% at fixed exchange rates. Sales were excellent throughout the region as all divisions again rose double digits. Institutional growth was driven by new account gains, increased product penetration as well as continued success with global and regional accounts. Food and beverage sales reflected strong demand in the beverage and brewing markets, as well as benefits of new accounts. Pest Elimination continued its outstanding performance throughout Latin America. Overall, we expect healthy growth trends to continue in Latin America with another double-digit gain in the fourth quarter. Turning to the margins on the income statement, slide seven of our presentation. As we expected, fourth quarter gross margins decreased, reaching 48.7% compared with 51.2% last year. The impact of acquisitions which by their business model operate at lower gross margins than our historic business was 70 basis points of the margin decline, and along with higher delivered product costs more than offset sales leverage, pricing and cost savings initiatives from a margin perspective. SG&A expenses were 35.6% of sales, 150 basis points below last year. The SG&A ratio reflected leverage from our healthy organic sales growth, cost controls and the impact of acquisitions, which operate at lower SG&A ratios. These more than offset investments in business processes and efficiency, R&D and information technology. Operating income for Ecolab's US cleaning and sanitize segment increased 9%. Excluding dilution from the recent acquisitions, operating income grew 11%, as adjusted margins, excluding acquisitions expanded by 60 basis points over last year. The increase was driven by the volume of pricing gains and improved cost efficiencies, which more than offset higher delivered product costs and investments in the business. Operating income for US other services grew 38%. GCS profitability improved compared to the year-ago period and the second quarter despite higher operating costs of the new system. Pest Elimination income also increased. In international fixed currency, operating income decreased 9%. Latin America and Canada increased while Asia-Pacific was flat. Europe declined as the moderate sales gain and pricing were more than offset by higher delivered products and operating costs. The corporate segment included special gains and charges which are reported as a separate line item on the income statement. Special gains and charges for the third quarter were 12 million, of which the largest portion was the cost for the move to the new regional headquarters in Zurich, as well as other nonrecurring costs to optimize our business. Corporate segment also includes 8 million of investments primarily related to the development of business systems, structure and other corporate investments we are making as part of our ongoing efforts to improve our efficiency and returns in Europe. Ecolab's reported third quarter consolidated tax rate was 32.0%, up from last year's reported 28.2%. Excluding discrete tax items, the tax impact of special gains and charges, the effective income tax rate for the third quarter of 2008 as expected was 30.4% and compared with 34.4% in the third quarter of 2007. The substantial decrease in the adjusted third quarter 2008 effective tax rate was primarily due to timing of our move to the new Zurich office which triggered certain one time and ongoing tax benefits that resulted from our tax planning efforts, as well as international rate reductions. We expect the full year 2008 tax rate to approximately 31% to 32% and look for further improvements in 2009. The net of this performance is that reported diluted net income per share for the third quarter was $0.50 up 9% over the $0.46 reported a year ago. Pro forma earnings were up 12% to $0.55 when adjusted for special gains and charges and discrete tax items. As mentioned in our opening comments, organic growth more than offset higher diluted product cost, while exchange and tax also benefited earnings. The overall strength helped fund our Europe investments and acquisitions. Turning to slide eight, Ecolab's balance sheet and cash flow remains strong. Total debt to total capital was 32% at September 30, compared with 33% reported a year ago. Our net debt at September 30, was 29%. There were no shares repurchased during the third quarter. Slide nine shows our forecast for the fourth quarter and full year 2008. In the fourth quarter we look for US operations to show continued solid momentum in the face of challenging conditions. We continue to emphasize product that provide unparalleled performance and energy and cost savings for customer, such as Apex, our new warewashing platform, solid sense, a new line of solids for fast food, Dryex [ph] a lubricant for food & beverage plants and many more. We expect them to provide further differentiation and opportunity to help drive results. We look for international sales to again be led by strong growth from Latin America and Asia Pacific as the enhance moderate gains from Europe. We believe this will result in overall good, fixed currency international sales growth. The press release includes line item forecasts of our fourth quarter P&L. As discussed in that release, we expect pro forma diluted earnings per share to for the fourth quarter, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items to be in the $0.44 to $0.46 range. Compared with the pro forma earnings per share of $0.40 earned a year ago. As mentioned earlier, we now look for pro forma diluted earnings per share which excludes special gains and charges and discrete tax item, to be in the $1.85 to $1.87 range for the full year 2008. Please note these are pro forma numbers which excludes special gains and charges and discrete tax items. Looking ahead to 2009, while we do not issue our EPS guidance for the year until February, we want to provide some overview thoughts for those making forecasts ahead of ours. We're planning for smaller markets in 2009 and taking appropriate actions subscribe both the top and bottom line in such markets. We also see 2009 as a period in which raw materials and currency present formidable head winds in the first half as they compare against the prior year. We hope that proves to be negative but we also think its our prudent place to start our planning. At the same time, we're looking for somewhat better comparisons for both the second half. As always you can expect us to undertake aggressive plans and significant actions to drive growth. We will begin our planning with our long term financial objectives in mind. However, with market conditions expected to be very difficult, the objectives will clearly be tougher to reach. And as we have said many times before, we'll not take actions to boost near term earnings if they would impair necessary investments to achieve our long term targets. In summary, we approach 2009 with caution, expecting a tough first half that will give way to a more reasonable second half. We know this is an opportunity to capture market share and drive new products that help customers reduce their cost and improve their efficiency. There's also a time we will control our expenses and work harder than ever to produce attractive growth for shareholders in a very challenging environment. In summary, we're proud of our accomplishments in the third quarter, as we delivered effectively against tough conditions and achieve double-digit pro forma EPS growth while building for a future. And despite the increased challenge from both the US food service and lodging markets and raw material costs, we continue to expect an attractive performance in 2008 and again in 2009. We'll use our strong sales and service team to drive top line growth for aggressive selling, additional solutions for account, new services and appropriate pricing and a constant focus on efficiency and effectiveness to leverage the bottom line while at the same time making key investments to ensure growth for the future. That concludes our remarks. This conference call and associates slides will be available for replay in our website through November 7. Operator, please began the question-and-answer period. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. [inaudible]
Unidentified Analyst: Mike, can you just comment on the raw materials, in terms of timing, why there will be a headwind in the first half of next year, as opposed to either flat or tail wind as crude comes down?
Michael Monahan - Vice President of External Relations: Well, I think that first of all if you look at what we buy David, it's probably a split between hydrocarbons and inorganic and on the inorganic side we haven't seen anything come down yet. On the hydrocarbon side, we've had sequential increases on a year-over-year basis or as much higher. We think that we're starting to see some improvement in a few items but that hasn't rolled through yet. The last thing I'd say is that, as you remember, we tend to buy on contract not on spot, so we never saw the big increases coming up. So we won't see the big increases coming down.
Unidentified Analyst: On US demand, have you seen any signs of slowing in the lodging and or food service areas?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Dave, Doug Baker. I think as I've said earlier we wouldn't call the end markets very healthy at any time this year. And certainly, I think as we forecast going-forward we certainly don't see them getting any better and our planning on them getting worse and hoping we're wrong. So I think you saw our institutional business. The only way for us to offset market slowdown is to be very aggressive on new business and that's exactly what we're doing.
Operator: Laurence Alexander, you may ask your question and please state your company name.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies: Jefferies. I guess Doug, maybe it would be helpful just to revisit how Ecolab has changed from the last recession, if you think about the numbers that were available the firm to call last time around. I think we exclude obviously the shock from 9/11, if you just think structurally about the business, if you could compare, how you are position now?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think the last recession is '01 '02. I think there's a couple key changes, one we got very different looking healthcare business which doesn't have obviously, isn't in the same head wind that the other businesses may or may not be. The other is we're certainly more global. We were consummating the European deal, right as we entered that recession and now have that business fully under our leadership. So we have a much different profile globally, so any one segment then US food service represent a smaller percent of our overall exposure today than it did back in the earlier. The other things, we've had a lot of investments in new products. I think we're much better positioned in terms of what our offerings are going into this period versus the last period, specifically Apex, [inaudible] the number of initiatives that we have lower water and energy.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies: And I guess secondly, just on restructuring in Europe. How does that affect your should we call it your operating leverage European demand were to slow or its your business would approach negative sales, any difference in your operating leverage compared to the US?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I you know I don't think the restructure per say as we've said before and I think you can starting to see the results of it. We have treated if you will some negative leverage on our OI line for even more positive leverage in our net income line that shows up in tax so we made some investments, but they're more than paying for themselves. In terms of overall leverage in Europe, I mean you know frankly, all businesses are somewhat volume sensitive and Europe is also somewhat volume sensitive. It's not a dramatically different equation than in the US.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies: And then lastly, just very briefly. Any opportunities to repatriate cash from Europe given the changes in IRS ruling?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You know what, we already have repatriated cash from Europe and I think we have very good vehicles to do that.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies: Okay. Thank.
Operator: Michel Morin, , you may ask your question and please state your company name.
Michel Morin - Merrill Lynch: Michelle Moran from Merrill Lynch. Hi, guys. A couple things I heard for the first time here on today's call, pricing up 3%. Maybe that's rounding up but that's that's better than what we had been seeing and then you also, I believe, Mike mentioned that in F&B in particular that you might be looking to cull certain low profit accounts. So, I'm reading here that you're becoming a lot more aggressive on price and I'm just wondering how far can you go on that?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We are you know I think we've been aggressive on price and you're starting to see the fruits of the work, and our team has done a very good job. So, yeah, we moved up to three. We expect that to continue to build as we move throughout the year, and yeah, I would say we are I think the environment, if you are reacting by getting after margin, and looking at both, how you're going to do it from a revenue standpoint as well as reduced costs, you're missing the boat And we are going to miss it So we're all over it
Michel Morin - Merrill Lynch: And in terms of culling the accounts, I mean, how material could that be to the top lines specific to F&B?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You know, our work is we are a big believer in simply exiting businesses. We work very aggressively to move customers to a more profitable place and obviously the first priority is do it where it doesn't cost them anything but benefits us significantly. We are not out here forecasting that our sales growth is going to be impaired because we are culling account.
Michael Monahan - Vice President of External Relations: And Michelle, it's much more a reflection of the focus on profitability that we're taking, and as we said, as the higher costs really drive us, the need to do that and looking at the accounts, as Doug said, it's trying to look at those and say, you know, we've got to be able to make money in the accounts for us to be a viable supplier to them,
Michel Morin - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then one last one if I can. You mentioned you're accelerating the rollout of Apex. If I'm not mistaken, you had showcased both Apex and the QSR solids at the last Investor Day. Can you give us a sense of how penetrated the account base is at this point for both of those? I realize these are multiyear rollouts. Just to gauge kind of how much more room you have here for these products to drive growth?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well Apex is very early. I think we'd have to think about Apex do a rollout over almost a four year period, so there is a lot of room. Sitting here today with probably 10,000 accounts installed, so we're by no means done pushing on Apex. We've doubled our goal this year. We're going to come close to meeting our double expectation. If anything Apex is gaining momentum in spite of the market condition. Regarding K [ph] solids, you know what, that program is going as well as we expected and we had very high expectations and the first customer that we're rolling it to is our largest QSR customer. You could probably figure it out, and it's doing exactly what we hoped it would and what we hoped it would. So we have plenty of room to go on K solids as well.
Michel Morin - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Chris Shaw you may ask your question and please state your company name.
Chris Shaw - UBS: UBS. Hey, guys. How are you doing?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good, Chris.
Chris Shaw - UBS: Could you guys take any stabs at quantifying what, if you know if currency stayed where they are, what the Apex headwind [ph] would be either fourth quarter or next year? Any ideas?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We haven't done any forecasts yet for 2009 so you don't have enough ex-forecast. I guess I looked backwards though Chris though Chris to see what it has meant, and typically, currency's been may be a penny or two a quarter on the way up. So, I think, you know depending on what your forecast is, you know, you could look for a similar type of thing on the way down.
Chris Shaw - UBS: Okay. That helps. Just going onto other services in terms of margins in all. I mean, the sales are down GCS, but I guess you guys finally profitable there or is it getting really close? What have seen overall?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, in other services GCS is not yet profitable. I would say in spite of sales pressure we improved our OI or our loss improved sequentially, again, Q3 versus Q2. And we anticipate continuing to improve Q4 versus Q3 even in this environment. You know what I would say about GCS is, our financial engineering is working as well or even better than expected. The challenge really in GCS right now is top line.
Chris Shaw - UBS: So as the majority of the margin improving in other services is more pest related?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, clearly GCS particularly year-on-year, it's a substantial improvement.
Chris Shaw - UBS: Okay, and then lastly. On the pricing, are there any do you factor in any sort of surcharges for delivery on, you know, for fuel?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, we do have some businesses that implemented some fuel surcharges. It was not the majority of our business but that did exist, and certainly, if fuel continues to drop, we'll lose the surcharge. But, you know, I would say, I'd rather have low fuel.
Chris Shaw - UBS: All right. Thanks Doug.
Operator: Andrea Wirth you may ask your question and please state your company name.
Andrea Wirth - Robert W. Baird: Robert Baird. Good afternoon guys. Doug, I know you're not forecasting much for 2009 yet, and you're still working on that plan. But, I just want to try to get a sense of really, I guess when you look back to 2001, it was probably the worst year at least in terms of hotel demand. I just saw a forecast that's assuming 2009 actually is worse than what we saw in 2001. Just want to understand a little bit of your thought process. I mean, if we are in a situation where it's worse than that, do you think growth rates and at least institutional business specifically, can we see growth rates maybe not quite as bad as we saw in 2001 where they dropped down to 3% or a little bit below? Essentially is your business a little bit different now that you can still kind of post that same kind of growth rate? Or is this a scenario where if the market comes down that hard you're still going to come down even harder?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I guess, the simple answer is, we anticipate next year being a very difficult year. It's almost philosophical for us which is, we much rather build our plans around what we think the worst case circumstances can be, so we have a fairly pessimistic assumption. I'd say very pessimistic assumption built into our thinking around 2009. I do believe we are in a better position to weather those types of markets than we were even in '01 for several reasons. The number of it to the technology that we have and what we're doing. The competitive situation is certainly different in the markets than it was in 2001 as well. So when you get to the heart of your question, you know, plus or minus 3%, I can't imagine ever agreeing to a plan for institutional that had 3% growth.
Andrea Wirth - Robert W. Baird: Okay. Fair enough. And then just on the other services side. Do you think this kind of 14% margin is sustainable now at this point in time assuming since you've gotten over really the productivity side of things on GCS?
Michael Monahan - Vice President of External Relations: Andrea, this is Mike Monahan. Clearly, we've looked for the margin to improve there simply because we still got GCS losing money, so as that picks up, you look for the margins in US others to improve.
Andrea Wirth - Robert W. Baird: Okay. Great, thanks.
Operator: Mike Harrison you may ask your question and state your company name.
Mike Harrison - First Analysis: Hi, good morning. Mike Harrison with First Analysis. Sticking with the US other services operating income, can you breakout exactly what the GCS loss was in the quarter?
Michael Monahan - Vice President of External Relations: Yeah, it was just under $4 million.
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: $3.9 million.
Mike Harrison - First Analysis: Okay, and you mentioned that in Pest, the seasonal kind of one-shot business was actually softer than you had expected. That's usually a higher margin business, so given the margin improvement that you saw year-over-year there can you talk about the sustainability of the gains there?
Michael Monahan - Vice President of External Relations: In past or US.
Mike Harrison - First Analysis: US other services over all, but it sounds like most of the improvement was in past. The margin standpoint.
Michael Monahan - Vice President of External Relations: Yeah clearly the one-shot business is good business but I wouldn't want to hang everything on that. Because the underlying base business is good. If we look at the US OS margin as GCS improved, you'll see improvement there. I don't think we'll have any one-time or reversals in the margins.
Mike Harrison - First Analysis: Okay. And then looking at the Ecovation pipeline, it sounds like you're working to refill that. Can you talk about maybe what kind of interests you're seeing for that offering and if you can talk about what your expectations are for sales for next year, you had initially talked about exceeding 100 million this year, is that a good target for next year? Or you think uptake is still slower than that?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We haven't set this is Doug. We haven't set budgets either earlier or by division. I would say clearly Ecovation this year and we expect it to continue through next year, it's going to be slower than initially foreseen. You know a big reason for that is, these are fairly big ticket installations up front. Clearly the credit crunch had an impact on our ability to go close these businesses and while we anticipated a lousy economy, we weren't anticipating the credit crunch that occurred. So I don't know if it's going to be you know if I had to guess right now that's all I'm doing, I'd say it's more likely under a 100 next year, but it's going to be substantially over this year.
Mike Harrison - First Analysis: All right. And then last question in the healthcare business, the underlying or organic sales growth has been maybe a little more moderate than I think I would have expected over the last two quarters. Have you guys been contemplating any changes in the way you're going to market with the inspection control offering and healthcare offering overall? Or any concerns about the underlying growth rate there?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, you know I would say if you look there's three key pieces to our global healthcare business yes your healthcare business, Yes, Europe healthcare at double-digits, you had Microtek, year-on-year versus their sales in the mid-teens organic growth. And you have legacy healthcare which is the smallest of those three pieces and I think what was it 7%? And that gets moved around fairly dramatically by order timing. We are pushing very aggressively and I think part of Microtek's success is cross selling efforts as well as the pipe they have laid etcetera. So we're very bullish on our healthcare business, if you look at it overall, it's doing quite well. We expect it to continue to do so.
Michael Monahan - Vice President of External Relations: And Mike, this is Mike Monahan. Just to join in on that remember the healthcare US the one you referred to is still a relatively smaller business, so you can have significant impact on percentage gains by small amounts too.
Mike Harrison - First Analysis: All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Bob Koort, you may ask your question? And he's with Goldman Sachs.
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs: Thanks, good morning.
Michael Monahan - Vice President of External Relations: Hi Bob.
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs: Is there any reason guys that and a lot of people want to make comparisons to the last recession have I guess, inspiration that you guys can keep delivering strong results. I think the last go round in '01 you were able to do pretty much get to double-digits in Asia Pacific, Latin America it's been strong up until now. Is there something different about the scale of business or the infrastructure you've put in place from a fix cost standpoint that would make that more vulnerable this go around than last recession, if it spreads into those regions?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No. Bob, this is Doug I don't think I think buy and large, I think that type of recession is going to be more the news than our relative position or structure. I think if anything we're structured in a better way to with and market difficulties from a competitive position, from a product line position, from a offensive, I mean I think our GM team is as strong as it's ever been. So that I think we are in a very good position to go through it. I think what's going to market difference if there is one, is really how does it unfold, which frankly now we're into speculation. Here's what we know, I mean we're anticipating '09 to be a lousy year from an end use market standpoint. I don't know what other forecasts would be responsible at this point in time. And as a result we're putting great emphasis on making sure that we protect and frankly increase investments and corporate account folks, getting after healthcare growth and a number of other what I call our core growth initiatives are. And if anything were increasing our bets there. Now, all other none growth costs, we're going to work very aggressively to go look at every one of them and make sure we're in a position to protect our bottom line in a very difficult environment. So, we're taking, I think, very strong, smart wide eyed steps going into what we think can be an adverse market to make sure that we again have a successful year next.
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs: And if you might, dough. You got the European guys have a fancy new home. What can they do to get the regional performance of the year award back in the St Paul office? What are your goals there for the next year?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think, the goals have been laid out for a while. We have been, like in other regions we've been expanding our corporate account, sales resources in Europe and making sure that we're aggressively targeting who we think are going to be the likely Victors in the recession and coming out of the recession, so it's going to be continued to put emphasis on selling new business. Our top line doesn't grow because the river flows, it grows because we succeed in convincing new customers to join our roster and so that's priority one for Europe. The second priorities are to make sure that they roll out EBS or SAP programs successfully. We're off to a good start, but there's a lot of work to be done there because that's going to be key to getting after and harvesting more leverage in that business long term. Both on the G&A side as well as the cost to goods side. So those are the two primary focuses and if different people doing those things but we have every expectation that things are going to get done
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs: Got it. And one last one I appreciate your time. Last recession you guys cut the workforce in Latin America a little bit Textiles, professional products. In terms you said you weren't going to cut any muscle but maybe more other sources of costs. What do you anticipate would happen to your sales and service force going into '09? Thanks.
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah our plan is, you know if I just take, I think it would be easier to answer we have a couple hundred operating units if I want to break it down on the most granular level. So, we'll go operating unit by operating unit, but our expectation is as we go through this, if anything, there is key part to the sales force, we want to expand and we're going to find ways to make sure that we pay for that in an intelligent way.
Operator: Our next question comes from P.J. Juvekar, you may ask your question from Citigroup.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Yes, hi. Thank you. Doug, your key growth was 21%. Are you seeing customers sort of trading down and going more to this quick-service restaurants?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think quick-service has seen customers move from family mid scale dining to quick service. If you look at McDonald's comps and some of the other fast food comps, they're certainly more favorable. Traffic patterns and QSR are more favorable than they are in other food service segments. Certainly, that's got something to do with case performance, I would also say the biggest news there is Kay is still our new business too. We're expanding share in QSR also.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: If that's the case, then people go from high end restaurants, lets say quick-services, is that a net wash for you whatever you lose there, you gain in here?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No. I mean P.J, if you could help me. I'd like to convince everyone to eat at white table cloth restaurants and have wine flight dinners that maximizes its consumption. No its not that trade down for us isn't completely clean but here's what I would say. We are well penetrated and have a very good share. Frankly, we probably have the highest share in QSR of any of them, so as a trade down goes, we probably do as well there, but we are also in food retail. People are doing more takeout, so I think we're well positioned for this thing, but no, you'd rather have a consumer in a, we'll I don't know, pick it, Morton's generally creates more volume for us than a consumer in McDonald's.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Okay. Fair enough. And then just a question on your charge that you're taking, $11.8 million. How much of that is European headquarter location and what else is in there?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, roughly half is European headquarter location.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: And what is the other half?
Michael Monahan - Vice President of External Relations: The other half Vijay is related to some restructuring actions we've taken in Europe as well as you remember we sold Valby in the second quarter? We had some follow on costs of renting and shutting down the facility that were in there, so that's the other half of those two.
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Valby was our plant in Denmark.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Okay, thank you.
Operator: John McNulty with Credit Suisse, you may ask your question.
John McNulty - Credit Suisse: Yeah, good afternoon. Just a few quick ones. On the Kay business, the number were strong even when you pull out the pull [ph] forward that it sounds like you got. Anything there that was lumpy that may fall off looking out over the next quarter or so?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah I don't. We had some order timing which helped the 21%, but we would expect Kay's fourth quarter not to maybe have a two on it, but to be pretty darn strong.
John McNulty - Credit Suisse: Okay, great. And then, with regard to your balance sheet and your cash flow right now, I know you put your share repurchase program somewhat on hold with the kind of pending Henkel block [ph] out there. In this credit crunch type environment, how should we be thinking about your uses for cash and your balance sheet, and the flexibility that you think you have and potentially, you know, even looking at that block as well?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, John, I guess I would repeat what I said earlier which is, the one thing we're going to be very careful not to do is harm our balance sheet through any kind of share buyback, that we will work to do the right thing by our shareholder. But, that also includes making sure that we have continued flexibility moving forward particularly what we consider to be improving M&A market.
John McNulty - Credit Suisse: Okay. Understood. And then on the tax-line, I know you said or you've got a couple of benefits that were one timers and some that were going to be sustainable. I know it's a little bit early but can you give us color as to what you think or give us at least a range of where you think the tax rate may be for 2009?
Michael Monahan - Vice President of External Relations: Well, John we said it'd 31%, 32% for the full year 2008. We expect some improvement in 2009, but until we do plans, you don't know what your geographic incomes are to really get more definitive on that, but we do expect improvement from 2008 into 2009.
John McNulty - Credit Suisse: Okay. Great And then, the last question. Just with regard to your customers, a lot of them I would imagine are starting to struggle at this point. Can you give us some color as to what you're seeing with regard to bad debt allowances and maybe what you're factoring in there?
Michael Monahan - Vice President of External Relations: Nothing significant.
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You know John. We are always watchful as you would expect us to be in these environments on bad debt.
Michael Monahan - Vice President of External Relations: It's right inline with the last few years though. No changes yet.
John McNulty - Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Michael Monahan - Vice President of External Relations: You bet.
Operator: Gary Bisbee with Barclays Capital you may ask your question.
Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital: Yeah, hi guys. Good afternoon. I guess a couple questions. Fist of all, can you give us a sense, I don't know if I've ever asked what percent of your customer base is small businesses? And I'm wondering what impact the credit crunch may be the. The thing that jogged my thought of the question is my favorite burrito place in New York just went under and closed because they couldn't get a loan. So are you seeing that from the restaurant customers or more your customers, you know, the big guy?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, first of all, what was the name of the burrito place?
Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital: It was called Burritoville's; eight Stores in New York.
Michael Monahan - Vice President of External Relations: We are going to be checking that right after this call. Here I guess what I would say is, a lot of our businesses with large corporate accounts who frankly also can have credit issues, and so, we watch that play carefully just like small guys. The way we approach the markets, different in the US, a number of the independents are done in partnership with customers like Cisco and others who have very good leverage to collect because of if the restaurant can't pay for food they can't open their door, right. And I think Cisco has got a long track record of doing a very good job on collections. So, I don't know if that answers it. I think there is no doubt that there's always going to be increased credit pressure when you get into these environments. I would say we recognized it, we're on it and feel very confident we'll manage it.
Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital: Okay. The second question you know I just given what we've seen from a couple other companies, I went back and looked at your last 10-K to review the pension footnote, and obviously with the market coming down so much, I felt like you had reasonably aggressive assumptions for your expected returns built into that, and you had a reasonably under funded pension as if the end of '07. I assume that's worse today. Are we likely to see a big bump in '09 in the pension expense number one? And number two, any sense what the cash flow impact of that could be in '09 versus '08, if anything?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I would on the expense, I would say if the return is the assumption on returns goes down, the discount rate's is going to likely improve dramatically and there's more leverage there in terms of P&L than there is on the assumed return Okay? So we don't expect that there's going to be a big fundamental difference. From a cash standpoint and cash use, you know we were in a very good position before the market went down. I think we're going to have to look at the pension once everything settles down, but I don't think I'd be making forecasts based on the market as it sits here today.
Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital: Okay. So is it safe to say then, you don't think there's going to be a very large swing on either earnings or cash flow next year from what you can tell today?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: If you can tell me what the interest rate will be on December 31st I can tell you exactly what it would be, but, my assumption is that, I think those two are going to negate each other and there is not going to be a material difference.
Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital: Okay, and let me try just one more time on this. Given that it looked like the funded status was almost a third under funded at the end of '07 and yet 70% of the pension assets in equities which have obviously taken it on the chin this year, I mean, is that likely to lead to you wanting to set aside a larger amount of money or larger expense? Or is that still in within a range that you don't think it's going to change that much?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I'm not sure what you're looking at but at the end of you said the end of '07?
Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital: Yes, I don't know if it's stated?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We were over on ABO and like in the 90s on PDO in terms of funding at the end of '07, so we didn't start under-funded. We've started very comfortably funded going into this. Certainly, the market declined. You're, right. Part of it is an equity and it's been impacted. But I would say we will look and understand what's going on.
Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital: Okay. All right. And then just the last question related to the balance sheet. Can you remind us when the next big piece of the debt that you hold today mature and if there's anything coming up in the near term?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: The next big tranche of debt is 2011 and it's not even that big.
Gary Bisbee - Barclays Capital: Great, thanks for the color.
Operator: Dmitry Silverstein you may ask your question with Longbow Research.
Dmitry Silverstein - Longbow Research: Good afternoon. A lot of my questions have been answered but I want to follow-up on a couple things. You are continuing to see a little bit of a year-over-year deterioration in the profitability of international operations. A lot of it has to do obviously with the move to Zurich which hopefully will tail off here toward the end of the year but can you update on  you gave a pretty good summary in your prepared remarks about what you're doing with the sales force there. Can you update us on what's going on with your profit improvement initiatives in the region?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah Dmitry, Doug. I think this is going to be hard to see for a while, but there is two things. You're right. Part of the deterioration at EBIT or OI is the investment we're making not only to move but also the ongoing investment in EDS [ph] and frankly the headquarter in Zurich, but that's the investment that enables us to realize tax benefits early, also sales benefits, and then ultimately SG&A and cost of goods benefits. But as we always said you'll see the tax benefit before you see the rest. So frankly we've made a trade which is a little uglier OI for a much prettier NI and net it's a much better trade for shareholders
Dmitry Silverstein - Longbow Research: Thanks for the clarification. Second question back in the beginning of the decade, when we went through the last recessionary period and your end market, if I'm remember correctly that food service was about twice as big as lodging. Given all the changes you made to portfolio the growth in healthcare, food and beverage and growth in Europe. What's the percentage of your revenue that's exposed to food service and lodging these days?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, yeah globally 30% of our sales come from food service and about 10% come from lodging that's a global number. And so if you want to get down to any one region, I mean the simple math it's not exactly precise, is take that region's percent, so you US, divide it by two.
Dmitry Silverstein - Longbow Research: Okay. So it sounds like your food service component pretty much stays the same over the years but lodging percentage has declined a little bit from what I remember?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah I think as you've seen us expand QSR and some other region, we've successfully built that business
Dmitry Silverstein - Longbow Research: I got you. And then final question, if you know assuming that you GCS will get close to breakeven and hopefully we'll start contributing to operating income next year and given that you're making it seems like progress in Europe with the economy deteriorating, with expectations of a pretty tough year next year were some challenges to volume growth. Does it make sense to take a look at your asset base and see if there's opportunities there to consolidate your asset and footprint, to maybe outsourcing production to get it into a broader restructuring program to try to maximize, how hard your selected assets are coming out of this recession?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: [inaudible] you know what I would say I'll answer the spirit of the question, which is we look at '09 certainly, there's parts of '09, we would like to wish away. We wish end markets were going to be robust and all the other happy stuff everybody else is wishing for. We're planning for by any means. But I would also say '09 presents opportunities and we want to make sure that we are fully leveraging those opportunities. So when you go through these things, we're going to look at how do we get our business structure, our asset structure, our product line, in terms of positioning for green. How do we lead it down, how do we make sure we maximize its margins coming through this. What happens in these times is, you know certainly, our ability to have conversations with our people and with our customers is much more open in these environments, open for change than it is in what I would call traditional growth environment. And we want to make sure that we fully utilize that for the benefit of our customers and the benefit of our company. So I think we're doing and we're going to aggressively use this period to position ourselves with if already been a bigger sale coming out of '09, that doesn't mean our expectation in any year is that we're going to have a better top line and bottom line. But we also want to make sure that we capitalize in the environment too.
Dmitry Silverstein - Longbow Research: Okay. Thank you Doug.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Rosemarie Morbelli, with Ingalls & Snyder. You may ask your question.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder: Good afternoon, thanks for taking my question. Doug you said that you were looking at '09 and as part of your forecast you were looking at the worst case scenario. Could you share with us what your idea of the worst case scenario is?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It's pretty dark. You know Rosemarie, I guess what I would say is, if you look at my expectation, our expectation is that all of our end use markets are worse in terms of consumption than they were in '08 and given that several of our very large end use markets in '08 were frankly pretty bad. I think it's a fairly conservative estimate. We also expect raw materials to sequentially come down, but we're certainly aren't hanging on the most optimistic order forecasts that are out there. We expect FX to be a head wind next year, as well. Now we got some built in tail winds that we've created, Mike already alluded to one which is a further rollout of tax benefits that are coming because of the investments we've made. We've got some changes in the accretion and delusion in fact from acquisitions that we made last year. We are expecting to see continued improvement in GCS and some other businesses. And we are going to be all over growth offset markets declines both in Europe and other places. So there are a number of puts and takes next year. But it does start with a fairly, what I would call, I don't know, dark assessment of where market assumption is going to be.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. Thanks. And you said that in the [inaudible] in the press release that you were targeting additional market segments? Could you give us a better feel for what that is those markets? You are not currently or just entering more aggressively into existing markets?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah I think I think the market segment comment would be we're not going to enter a whole bunch of brand new segments next year, but it's continuing to push past into some of the new geographies that we've entered and so they'll expand, they usually start with and food and beverage and then move over to the hotel and food service phase. So its those types of moves that we're talking about.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. And then in the similar vain, you also talked about multiple initiatives to improve efficiencies and lower operating costs. Could you give us a better feel for what you are going to do and the benefits you expect? Both the gross margin and SG&A, assuming that you can't grow revenues next year?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well Rosemarie, you ought to get my forecast one line at a time.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder: Well, I'm trying.
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah I know. The number of I would say a couple things. We're going to be aggressively looking at SG&A productivity, starting with G&A and making sure that we are positioned properly to go further improved our productivity i.e. our ratio in SG&A in businesses. Now we aren't going to have the same targeted growth in every business because you candidly, we have got some businesses that we expect to perform quite well next year and other businesses that we know are going to be under more pressure, our healthcare and vehicle care, they just two businesses that are affected quite differently from these economic circumstances, and we'll have different plans for them as a result. The other point I would make and we're also going to be quite aggressive in retooling our product line. We don't feel and we think '09 is the year particularly in the North America to do some very smart moves in terms of getting our raw material channels more lined up with the raw material channels we think that are going to fare better long-term. Get out of the way of the ag business channel, weed [inaudible] in some of those other areas. We're also going to reduce substantially the number of formulas and the number of raw materials that we have to buy, because we know it's going to give us more flexibility and more leverage as we move forward, and '09 is the year to get after those things. The last thing I'll say on your assumptions. You know, we have a pretty dark forecast. Our top line, we fully expect will grow next year, under almost any of our assumptions. It certainly grows better in better markets, but we don't foresee an issue where the top line is not expanding.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay, That's very helpful. And if I can ask just one last quick question. In this environment can you still get price increases in order to cover your higher costs or do you find that or do you expect that competitively speaking, it would be not suicide but painful?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I mean, I think you get an issue. We expect that our price revenue rate will continue to expand in Q4 and on a dollar and dollar basis. But there becomes a line where we have to make sure that we're doing all we can on the cost as well, that you don't just mind pricing along to improve your margin. So, you'll get there eventually. I don't believe we're there right now.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay, thank you.
Operator: John Roberts, you may ask your question with Buckingham Research.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Good afternoon, guys.
Michael Monahan - Vice President of External Relations: Hi, John.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: When you report the current effect of foreign currency on translation, the $3.5 million benefit in the quarter, does that all fall to the bottom line at the EPS level or have you swapped out some of your currency exposure on debt for example so that you get some interest rate offset as well, so the EPS affect is even smaller than what you show on the operating side?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: The $3.5 million falls down to EPS.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: It's straightforward, the coming down. And then secondly, Henkel came off the Board a quarter or so ago. At some point if they haven't sold their interests, do they get to come back or are they forever now a passive investor if they decide to hold off on selling their interests?
Michael Monahan - Vice President of External Relations: No, we have a stockholder agreement, and so, when they stepped off the Board, if I could say, conclusively change their mind and so they're going to remain a long-term investor. By our stockholder agreement, they would have the right to Board seats again.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Robert Felice with Gabelli & Company, you may ask your question.
Robert Felice - Gabelli & Company: Hi, guys. Most of my questions have been answered. Just one last one. Everyone has very high expectations for Ecolab regardless of the state of the external environment, and I guess that's the positive and negative of performing so well and constantly delivering on expectations. But given the way the world looks to you today, Doug, what level of '09 earnings growth would you say is respectable would make you look up a year from now and say that you weathered the storm and continued to invest for growth?
Douglas M. Baker - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, that's a question I would ask if I were you. And I would say this, even if we're not going to go out and establish EPS targets right now, and even if it were our practice to do so on this call, it's been our practice to do so in our February call, I would really refrain from doing it because it's such a poor environment. You know, when we started writing this material a week ago, oil, FX, the credit markets, it was completely different and I imagine in a week it can be different again. And so, right now I think we're doing the prudent things as we move forward. I understand the spirit of your question. I guess what I would take away from this call is, we do not have rose colored glasses on. We are planning for a very difficult environment which means that, we are taking steps to ensure that we have a successful year next year. You're going to ask, what is success defined as? I think you're going to have to allow the time to pass and allow us to get out there and do our forecasts when we think it's more prudent to do it. I apologize I can't answer it directly.
Robert Felice - Gabelli & Company: Fair enough. Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Michael Monahan - Vice President of External Relations: Well thanks everyone for your time today and have a great day.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-24 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael J. Monahan - VP, External Relations Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, CEO
Analysts: David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis John Mcnulty - Credit Suisse Dimitri Silverstein - Longbow Research Gary Bisbee - Lehman Brothers Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup Edward Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Michel Morin - Merrill Lynch Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs John Roberts - Buckingham Research Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder, LLC Chris Shaw - UBS Laurence Alexander - Jefferies
Operator: Welcome to the Ecolab Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Michael Monahan, Vice President External relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Thank you. Hello everyone and welcome to the Ecolab second quarter conference call. With me today is Doug Baker, Ecolab's Chairman, President, and CEO who will join us for the Q&A session following the review of the quarter's results. A copy of our earnings release and the slides referenced in this teleconference is available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Please take a moment to read the cautionary statement on slide 2 stating this teleconference and the slides six include estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Form 10-K under Item 1A, Risk Factors, in our second-quarter earnings release and in slide 2. Starting with slide three, in the second quarter we achieved a strong performance despite challenging conditions in certain end markets and sizable increases in delivered product costs. As we continue to aggressively drive sales, new account gains, cost reductions and pricing to deliver double-digit earnings growth, while still making the key investments to continue our growth for the future. Our outlook remains strong for the third quarter full-year 2008 and the foreseeable future. Starting with some highlights from the quarter in slide four, reported second-quarter 2008 EPS increased 25% reaching $0.55. Pro forma in earnings per share which includes special gains and charges and discrete tax events rose 12% to $0.47, hitting the top end of our forecasted range. We also note that these second-quarter earnings include dilutions from the Microtek and Ecovation acquisitions of approximately $0.02 per share. We once again enjoyed strong organic earnings growth. Organic growth more than offset, higher delivered product costs while exchange and tax also benefited earnings. This overall strength helped fund our investments in Europe and acquisitions. In the U.S., we continue to have strong sales trends from our Kay, Healthcare, Food and Beverage and Textile Care businesses, while Institutional reflected slower trends in its markets. International also showed good sales gains, as Latin America rose double digits. Asia-Pacific showed a good increase and Europe reported moderate growth. The U.S. food, service and hospitality markets representing about one quarter of our business have softened, reflecting headwinds from the economic slowdown. In response, we continue to focus on aggressive sales efforts, emphasizing innovative products that provide customers with labor, energy and water savings. In addition, we have undertaken productivity and efficiency improvements, cost reduction actions, increased pricing and fuel charges to recover the increased raw material costs and to continued drive of our bottom line performance. Despite the challenges, we are confident in our action plan and are therefore raising the bottom end of our forecast range by $0.01 and now look for pro forma diluted earnings per share, which excludes special gains and charges and discrete tax items to be in the $1.85 to $1.88 range. These results will include about $0.04 of dilution from the Microtek and Ecovation acquisitions for the year, which is $0.02 per share higher than previously forecast. Pro forma earnings, excluding that dilution are now expected to rise 14% to 16% to $1.89 to $1.92 per share, slightly above our previous forecast. For the third Quarter, we expect pro forma EPS to be in the $0.53 to $0.55 range. These results will include $0.02 of dilution from acquisitions. In summary, we continue to expect yet another superior performance for Ecolab in a challenging 2008 environment, as we leverage our markets with aggressive sales, appropriate pricing and cost efficiency actions to deliver very attractive growth and show the returns while continuing to build for future growth. Turning to the details, as shown on slide five, Ecolab's reported consolidated sales for the second quarter rose 15%. Looking at the components, volume and mix were up 3%, pricing was up 2%, currency added 7%, and the impact of acquisitions and divestitures was 3%. Slide six include sales growth by segment and division. Sales for U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing operations increased 13%. Excluding the Microtek and Ecovation acquisitions, sales rose 5%. Institutional sales rose 3%, we saw a hike in customer demand for energy and cost saving solutions like our new Apex solid ware washing line, which is running well ahead of plan. New business gains also continued to be solid, as we picked up market share against regional and local competitors. These gains are partially offset by lower consumption among our food service and hospitality customers as they experienced a slowdown in their traffic trends. We also saw some inventory reduction among distributors in the quarter, as they tightened their operations which cost us a percentage point of growth in the quarter. In response to the tighter market, we're driving new product and program sales focusing on the cost savings and performance improvement opportunities that our products offer customers and how well they tie into the broader 360 degrees of protection program that's designed to maximized total operational savings for customers. We've accelerated the roll out of our new Apex Warewashing System which provides the customers with new standards of performance and cost savings and we are adding more new products and programs that deliver similar performance and value. We're also driving new account growth, utilizing improved prospecting tools and software and targeting independent accounts and regional chains with additional and redeployed sales people and programs. We expect these aggressive sales efforts, along with market share gains and pricing will deliver higher growth for Institutional in the third quarter and the balance of 2008. Kay's second quarter sales grew 17%, primarily reflecting new account gains in comparison to a weaker quarter last year, which was due to lower than normal distributed shipments. The underlying sales business trend in quick-service restaurants is good with strong ongoing demand from major existing and new fast food chain accounts. The food retail business continued to strong growth with a double-digit gain. New products and programs like the introduction of solids for QSR along with customer wins continued to bolster Kay's results. We expect these initiatives to help drive strong gains in Kay's third quarter. Textile Care sales increased 10%. New plan additions from existing customers more than offset softer volume from existing accounts. We expect solid growth in the third quarter as Textile Care brings on new business and uses new technology, as well as leveraging customer needs for operational efficiency to drive growth. Reported second quarter sales for the Healthcare division more than tripled, reflecting the impact of the Microtek acquisition. Excluding the impact of acquisition, organic healthcare sale grew... rose 8%. Organic sales growth reflected continued solid end-market demand for infection control products and expanded penetration within our existing base of group purchasing organizations and healthcare purchasing systems. Our skin care product showed continued double-digit growth. Microtek also rose double digits led by strong sales in infection barrier products across all channels. Looking ahead, third quarter organic healthcare sales should show continued good sales gains and be bolstered by Microtek growth. Food and Beverage delivered a strong second quarter performance. Reported sales were up 13%. Adjusted for acquisitions, sales rose 7%. The quarter was led by strong performances in nearly all markets. Looking at the segments, corporate account wins, better pricing and new products contributed to dairy plant sales growth. The meat and poultry business enjoyed a strong quarter driven by customer gains, which more than offset weak market condition. The Agri segment also saw a good growth, reflecting new account sales and favorable agri market conditions. Beverage also increased. Water Care sales grew nicely in the quarter as a focus on larger SMB processor accounts help to offset account rationalization. And certain economy, has caused a number of Ecovation projects to be delayed and it will not reach the very aggressive targets for 2008 that were originally projected. However, Ecovation still expected the enjoy substantial growth in 2008, and the need for its effluent management and energy systems and the resulting long-term growth prospects remain outstanding. We expect continued good sales trends for the Food and Beverages business in the third quarter of 2008, as we focus on new account acquisition, pricing and continued expansion of our antimicrobial and water management platforms. The EcoCare sales decreased 7%. Results continue to be influenced by higher gas prices and a softening economy, both of which more than offset better pricing in new products, including the car wash industry's first comprehensive sustainability program. The EcoCare expects new programs, investment in the sales force and new market opportunities to drive sales in a continuing challenging sales environment for the third quarter of 2008. Sales for US other services increased 6% in the second quarter. Pest Elimination sales rose 7%. New account activity was driven by corporate account gains, while non-contract services for seasonal or periodic work experienced slower growth. Both were affected by increased customer caution in food, service and hospitality, towards spending on such additional ancillary services or new initiatives. In response, we're focusing on growth markets like QSR and food and beverage processing, and continue to develop programs to better target specific market needs like our bed bug program, which is growing at double-digit rates. We have also increased sales force hires to more aggressively pursue contract business and we are enhancing field sales force effectiveness with new training and hires. We expect Pest Elimination to show higher growth in the third quarter as it leverages its high quality and reliable service results to drive new business. GCS increased 5% showing continuing good progress in service sales. These were slightly offset by parts volume. The new business systems are fully online and we are in the process of completing the system optimization phase of the implementation. We are seeing the benefits of the new system through better business transparency, customer and market segment profitability, dispatching improvements and better tech utilization, all of which have helped our business decision making and operating efficiency, and work to improve profitability from the first quarter. Productivity is continuing to improve on the new systems and we except significant gains as our people build experience with the new tools. The sales pipeline continues to look attractive and while the softer economy has resulted in some customer hesitancy in closing new sales, we still expect continued good sales growth in the third quarter and the year with significant profitability improvement in the second half. Measured in fixed currencies, international sales increased 6%. Excluding acquisitions, fixed currency sales increased 5%. Europe, Middle East and Africa sales rose 2% in the second quarter at fixed currencies rates. However, excluding acquisitions and divestitures, fixed currency sales increased 4%. As expected, Europe institutional sales showed modest growth. Sales benefited from gains in flour machine sales and product sales growth, which offset slow markets. New products like the introduction of Wash 'n Walk and the Max floor care lines, combined with continued gains from housekeeping also helped to drive sales. Food and Beverage sales showed a good gain benefiting from corporate and national account growth. Healthcare sales also showed good growth led by skin care sales, while Textile Care had a modest sales increase in the quarter. Adjusted for the divestiture of a property services business last year, Pest Europe sales increased, as programs to improve sales and profitability gained traction. Key metrics including service delivery in the UK, new contract sales growth in France and overall customer retention continue to show good improvement and help to offset the elimination of a couple of larger, but low margin contracts in the UK. As an update on our work to improve Europe's performance, the business information systems development work continues to move ahead and is completing the testing stage. A multi-phase rollout will begin in the next couple of months, starting with two countries and we'll then roll out to additional countries over the next 24 months. Obviously it is still too early to see benefits and while these improvements will take time to implement, they are critical to the fundamental development we need to make to achieve better growth and profitability in Europe. Sales force training is going well and we are beginning to see improvement in the sales team's performance. We have moved the bulk of our European management to our new regional headquarters, as we build a pan-European operating stature. While these combined investments represent a significant cost to 2008, we remain confident these actions, as they are implemented, will lead to a higher sales and profit growth and a more effective business model. We look for Europe's third quarter fixed currency sales to show... to show modest growth, however, we look for better results ahead as the actions we are implementing take hold. Asia-Pacific sales grew 6% in fixed currencies. Excluding acquisitions, sales increased 5%. From a divisional perspective, institutional strong sales gains were driven by new products, including the launch of a new Warewashing platform in Japan and by growth in the Market Guard program for retail stores. We achieved important account wins in casinos, catering, hotels and restaurants, as well as the food retail markets. Food and beverage sales had moderate growth, both the beverage and brewing sectors continue to show good growth in Asia. The Food and Beverage division benefited from increased product penetration and account gains. Looking ahead Asia Pacific expects continue good sales growth in the third quarter. Second-quarter sales for it Ecolab's Canadian operations were up 5% in fixed currency. Institutional and Pest Elimination sales were strong, benefiting from corporate account gains, accelerated street growth and a rollout of Apex. Food and Beverage sales also improved. Latin America reported an outstanding performance, with the sales rising up very strong 15% at fix currency rates. Sales were excellent throughout the region as all divisions rose double-digits. Institutional growth was driven by new account gains, increased product penetration as well as continued success with global and regional accounts. Food and Beverage sales reflected strong demand in the beverage and brewing markets as well as the benefits of new accounts. Pest Elimination continued its outstanding performance throughout Latin America. Overall, we expect healthy growth trends to continue in Latin America with another double-digit gain in the third quarter. Turning to the margins and the income statement in slide seven of our presentation. As we expected, second quarter gross margins decreased by 180 basis points to 49.1%. The impact of acquisitions, which by their business model operate at lower gross margins than our historic business were 70 basis point of the margin decline and along with higher delivered product costs, more than offset sales leverage, pricing and cost savings initiatives from a margin perspective. SG&A expenses were 36.9% of sales, 130 basis points below last year. The SG&A ratio reflected leverage from our healthy organic sales growth, cost controls, the impact of acquisitions which operate at lower SG&A ratios, is more than offset investments in the business systems and efficiency, R&D and Information Technology. Operating Income for Ecolab's U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing segment increased 8%. Excluding dilution from the Microtek and Ecovation acquisitions operating income grew 11%, as adjusted margins expanded by 80 basis points. This increase was driven by the volume and pricing gains and improved cost efficiencies which more than offset higher delivered product cost and investments in the business. Operating Income for U.S. Other Services grew 19%, adjusted for a legal reserve last year, Other Services operating income increased 5%. GCS showed a better business performance, which resulted in profit improvement over the first quarter and was flat compared to the year ago period, despite higher costs of the new system. Pest Elimination income also rose. International fixed currency operating income increased 2%, adjusted for acquisitions and divestitures operating income rose 3%. Latin America and Canada grew double digits, while Europe and Asia Pacific were off slightly as sales gains were more than offset by higher delivered product costs and continued investments in the regions. The Corporate segment includes special gains and charges, which are reported as a separate line item on the income statement. Special gains and charges for the second quarter include $24 million from the previous announced sales of a plant in Denmark which more than offset non-recurring costs to optimize our business structure, including the establishment of our European headquarters in Zurich, Switzerland. The Corporate segment also includes $8 million of investments, primarily related to the development of businesses systems and other corporate investments we're making, as part of our ongoing efforts to improve our efficiency and returns. Ecolab's second quarter consolidated tax rate was 28.8%, down from last year reported 30.9%. Excluding discrete tax benefits last year and the tax impact of special gains and charges in this year, the adjusted effective income tax rate for the second quarter 2008 was 32.8%. The second quarter 2007 tax rate adjusted for discrete tax items was 34.3%. The decrease in the adjusted second quarter 2008 effective tax rate was primarily due to tax planning efforts, international rate reductions and US tax legislation. There were no shares repurchased in the second quarter. The net of this performance is that reported diluted net income per share for the second quarter was $0.55, up 25% over the $0.44 earned a year ago. Pro forma earnings were up 12% to $0.47 when adjusted for special gains and charges this year and a discrete tax benefit last year. Second quarter 2008 results included dilution of $0.02 per share from the Microtek and Ecovation acquisitions. As mentioned in our opening comments, organic growth more than offset higher delivered product costs, while exchange in tax also benefited earnings. This overall strength helped to fund our European investments and acquisitions. Turning to slide eight, Ecolab's total debt to total capital was 36% at June 30, compared with 35% reported a year ago. Our net debt at June 30, was 30%. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $85 million and capital spending for the quarter was $89 million. Slide nine shows our forecast for the full-year 2008 and the third quarter. We continue to expect another year of superior growth in 2008. We look for solid sales gains as continued strong sales efforts in pricing along with acquisitions that accelerate our topline are leveraged by productivity and efficiency increases and cost savings. We expect these actions to enable us to overcome much higher delivered product costs and yield another year of attractive earnings growth. We raised the bottom end of our pro forma forecast by $0.01. For the full year, we now look for pro forma diluted earnings per share, which excludes special gains and charges and discrete tax items to be in the $1.85 to $1.88 range. Included in these expected pro forma earnings, are approximately $0.04 of dilution from acquisitions. The higher dilution than previously forecast reflects the delay of some projects and revenues at Ecovation due to the uncertain economy. However, we also expect pro forma earnings, excluding dilution to be up $0.02 higher than previously expected and be... up 14% to 16% to $1.89 to $1.92 for the year, fully offsetting the additional dilution. Please note these pro forma numbers, which excludes special gains and charges and discrete tax items. We presently expect the special gains and charges to net to a range of zero to a positive $0.02 per share in 2008. This income statement includes the sale of a plant in Europe, as well as certain costs associated with the establishment of our Europe headquarters and moved to Zurich. In the third quarter, we look for our US operations to show continued solid momentum. New products like the ongoing roll out of Apex, our new WareWashing platform that provides unparalleled performance and energy and cost savings for customers, as well as the first solids for QSR, new on premise laundry products in the US and Europe, and the new Floor Care line will provide further differentiation and opportunity and will help drive results. We look for international sales to again be led by strong growth from Latin America and Asia-Pacific, as they enhance moderate gains from Europe. We believe this will result in overall good, fixed currency, international sales growth. The press release includes line item forecasts for our third quarter P&L. As discussed in that release, we expect pro forma diluted earnings per share for the third quarter, excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax items to be in the $0.53 to $0.55 range, compared with a pro forma earnings per share of $0.49 earned a year ago. We expect third quarter 2008 pro forma results will include $0.02 per share of dilution from acquisitions. We've nothing new to report regarding Henkel's stated intent to sell some or all of the Ecolab shares that they have. You may recall Henkel owns 73 million Ecolab shares. In February, Henkel said it would sell part or all of its interest in Ecolab. Earlier this month, the Directors designated by Henkel resigned from Ecolab's Board saying that because of the uncertainty regarding when or how the sale would take place, it would be prudent for Henkel to forgo representation on Ecolab's Board at this time. Further, until Henkel disclose the size, timing and method of its transaction, we have nothing on which comment regarding Ecolab's potential interest in purchasing shares in any such transaction. In summary, we are proud of our accomplishments in the second quarter as we delivered effectively against tough conditions and achieved double-digit EPS growth, while building for our future. And despite the increased challenges from both the US food service and hospitality markets and raw material costs, we continue to expect a solid performance in 2008 as we use our strong sales and service team to drive growth through aggressive selling, additional solutions per account, new services and appropriate pricing to drive our topline and a constant focus on efficient and effectiveness to leverage our bottom line while at the same time making key investments to assure growth for the future. That concludes our remarks. This conference call and the associated slides will be available for replay in our website through August 8. Operator, please begin the question and answer period. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from David Begleiter of Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: Good afternoon, Doug and Mike. Can you just comment on how much your raw material costs increased in the quarter, can you quantify that?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: I don't know if you are going to... Operator?
Operator: Go ahead and answer the question.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: Hello, Mike.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: David.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: Yes. Hi. Sorry about that. I was asking, can you quantify how much your raw material costs increased in the quarter and if pricing fully offset that?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: David, were you able to hear the answer.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: I was not, no.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Okay. We are up about 6% in the quarter.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: And did pricing fully offset that?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yes.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: And only a question, Doug, you mentioned some moderation in food and hospitality, can you quantify that moderation and is it continuing, I assume it is into the third quarter?
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Yes. We track a number of metrics, but probably the one is food traffic and there is clearly some moderation, but this is in a highly cyclical market. So, in a lot of ways it's flat, there is some trading between full-service and QSR. You can see that in some of our results. I guess our expectation coming into the year was that it was going to be a soft market. You might argue that it is a little softer that we thought. Our expectations for the balance of the year is that it is going to remain soft at this level. With that said, Institutional, we believe Q2 was really there are low watermark and feel pretty bullish about how they are going to respond in the second half as we move forward, simply because we had a lot of, we think very positive initiatives which are gaining traction as we go forward.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Harrison with First Analysis.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis: Good afternoon.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: HI, Mike.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis: You've talked about getting more aggressive in going after market share in Kay in particular, but also in the Institutional side, do you have any metrics that you could point to that indicate how successful that push has been or barring that do you have any anecdotal evidence of some share gains?
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Mike, this is Doug. I would point to a couple of things. On Kay side this would be very strongest new business here, may be since we owned them. It is going to be certainly in the upper one or two years only owned the business since '95. So, we have had a couple of big wins there which is what's going to propel the business, as well as there are some trade down to QSR etcetera. In Institutional, we're also in a position to have had very strong new business result this year in the U.S. I would say Europe is doing much better in terms of gains and losses as we are in every region. So this is a big focus, we've recently gone back through, just illustrate where the opportunity is for each of the business and ask them to identify opportunity. We are still a very target rich business and have a lot of shares gain in front of us, which is why we remain confident in our expectations for the business as we move forward.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis: Doug, what about this new... it sounds like you have a new targeting software system for trying to find some of these new customers. Can you talk about that a little bit?
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we are really running it right now in Institutional North America and it's taken some purchase database and cleansing it with some of the data that we have and identify clearly by S&P dollar volume because that way we can start segmenting the markets most attractive to us, where the business opportunities are. We've recently in the last few years rolled out new technology to all of our field associates, who were able to really... if you will send these leads out via the technology so that they have them in hand track and manage this in a much more efficient manner than in the past. So we've got better clarity on the leads, I think better segmentation i.e., we know where the volume is and were the most attractive targets are and we've gotten them out of the deeper closets of the business. So that's why we are... we are seeing traction there. Its working and that's why we feel very good about the business.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis: Right and then the last question I had is, you noted some delays related to the higher integration costs for the Ecovation, can you give us some more details on that front and also how that's impacting your plans to roll out the Ecovation offering across some of your Food and Beverage customers?
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: What's really gotten on Ecovation is two things. One, there is a portfolio of business in hand when we bought the business. We have chosen really not to pursue several of all those deals because of our assessments of the credit risk and really walked away very late in the process on a couple of them. And additionally, it's taken longer, which is normal in this environment for people to get to yes. With that said, if you go further back in the portfolio and we are gaining a lot of momentum, have a lot of interest in Ecovation, have a number of strong trials, so we are bullish and remained as bullish in the long-term prospect of this business as we were when we bought it. This year is not going to be a strong as we thought when we bought it basically because we choose to not pursue some business and we've got a few delayed yes's.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: Right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Mcnulty of Credit Suisse.
John Mcnulty - Credit Suisse: Hi, good afternoon. Just a few quick questions. First of all can you give us an update in terms of what your actually European margins were for the quarter?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Hi, John.
John Mcnulty - Credit Suisse: Yes.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Margins were about 8%.
John Mcnulty - Credit Suisse: Okay, great. And then, the growth that you saw, the 4% growth in Europe excluding acquisitions and divestitures, can you give us some color as to how that stands up relative to the past few quarters, it sounds like it actually is maybe a little bit higher than what you've been doing and maybe indicating there is some traction there?
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Yes, John, you know in Europe, last year '07 was, our organic sales growth was 80 basis points higher than '06. Our first-half is stronger than last year's first half in terms of organic sales growth. So, we expect in '08 lot... several basis points better than '07. But, we expect to be accelerating again for the balance of the year and in total for the year. It is...
John Mcnulty - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then the last question, with regard to that distributors, I believe you'd indicate there were some inventory clearing out issues and that curbed your growth a little bit. To the best of your knowledge, is that done or should we expect some of that to linger in... into the third quarter's as well ?
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Our guess is the bulk of it is behind us, particularly in U.S. Institutional. But, we don't have absolute transparency into where we're going with inventory. But our guess is the bulk of it is behind us.
John Mcnulty - Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from Dimitri Silverstein of Longbow Research
Dimitri Silverstein - Longbow Research: Good morning, or good afternoon I should say. Couple of questions, first to follow-up on the GCS, I'm not sure I heard you correctly on that business. Did you say what's going on with losses in that business, is it getting close to break-even or just had losses where it is same as last year?
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Dimitry, this is Doug. We lost $4 million in Q2 and that's following a $6 million loss in Q4 another $6 million in Q1. So it's sequentially better, it was marginally improved versus Q2 of last year. Importantly, I think it's more of a trend and clearly the business has a very good handle on the money flow and how it's going and we expect continued improvement in Q3 and Q4. I think GCS performed... met our expectations in Q2 and we usually have high expectations, we are moving in the right direction.
Dimitri Silverstein - Longbow Research: Okay, so to kind of extrapolate that further, you do expect to be break-even or better by the end of the year in that business?
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I think what I... what we've said is that we would end the year at a breakeven run rate. I've tried and generally been successful and also saying it doesn't mean we expected to make money in the fourth quarter.
Dimitri Silverstein - Longbow Research: Okay.
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: With that... Yes. I would say we are more on track to... what GCS is dealing with, which we didn't plan when we said that... honestly, I'm not going to spin a change the outcome dramatically. Yes, clearly the economy is softer than we thought. What I would say is I think GCS' progress on the margin side is probably faster than we thought , which is offsetting a little bit of smoothness on the top line due to the economy.
Dimitri Silverstein - Longbow Research: Gotcha. Okay. Doug, thanks for the color. And then a question on sales force headcount increases, I hope. Did you have any data that you would be willing to share with us on that?
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: For the year, we were up 2 points for this year.
Dimitri Silverstein - Longbow Research: Are there plans to accelerate hiring into the second half of the year to kind of deal with the weaker North American market?
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Yes. We are going into second half. I would say we are probably in the year between 3% and 4% increase in sales force and some of this is, we are clearly going to continue to aggressively feed our growth businesses, we are going to aggressively feed where we've got great growth opportunities, but we are also working to redeploy headcount from businesses that aren't growing quite as fast as those that are growing fast.
Dimitri Silverstein - Longbow Research: Okay. And then final question just on Europe and the progress you are making there. You talked about having 8% operating margin in that business, which I think is kind of as low as it has been. So can you give us some milestones or markers, what you're looking for as incremental improvement in Europe until we start seeing it in the numbers?
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: We've tried talking this. This isn't always that easy to see in the reported numbers. It is... clearly we are making a number of investments in Europe to get after a couple of things. First, to accelerate organic sales growth, which we are doing. Second, to drive improved margins in the business, which will translate and improve the wide margin. And third, improve our cash flow and tax rate. And the way we said they would come is we expect to see ongoing improvements immediate, which we've been seeing in organic sales growth. Second area you are going to see is tax improvement, because frankly we had to make investments in SG&A to realize some of the tax savings and shift the way it flows, and then we will see... the third stage will be improved margin as well.
Dimitri Silverstein - Longbow Research: Okay.
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: All these things together, we are very excited about the one... our prospects in Europe and our ability to generate more income and better cash flow.
Dimitri Silverstein - Longbow Research: Okay. Thank you, Doug.
Operator: Our next question is from Gary Bisbee of Lehman Brothers.
Gary Bisbee - Lehman Brothers: Hi, guys. Good afternoon. I would like to start out with just a macro question. It seems like every data point we see these days from Europe indicate that things are really beginning to flow there pretty aggressively and I guess, wanted to know how you think that impacts the turnaround you are trying to do there? And secondly, maybe you could give us a sense as to what type of a plan have you built into your guidance in terms of weakness in Europe and how much you actually think it will impact this?
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Yes. We are usually pretty conservative on economic improvements and generally assume the worst as we go through this. So, I can't say we've got great hope for economic turnarounds or improvements and in fact, I've got forecast counts on the same type of situation we are or minor worsening now. How is it going to affect Europe. We would rather compete in robust economies than in weak economies, but with that said, they are not share gain and that's why we figure we're responsible for creating our own wind in all conditions and we're out there aggressively investing in new sales firepower, manpower putting them in the street, getting after business, our win-loss ratio if you will has improved and that's the type of metric we got to go stay on because it's what drives your business regardless of the economic situation. So I don't know if that answers it. Our forecast is predicated on perfect economy.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: [inaudible] your business. we got through this economic situation
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Right. I don't upset [inaudible] our forecast is predicated on perfect economy.
Gary Bisbee - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And you said in the prepared remarks and early in the Q&A that you thought that the second quarter would be the bottom for Institutional and that U.S.-based tax business would also reaccelerate in the third quarter. Can you give any more color exactly how you are confident in it, is it pipeline of sales calls that you've made and you're trying to deals, is it the new product rollouts or what gives you comfort in that statement?
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, that's a fair question. I think it's a couple of things, in Institutional... sometimes the businesses are worse than they are and there are times they look better than they are. American Institutional second quarter makes it look worse than it is. And so the underlying things going in Institutional is they've got great new business activity per the earlier question, the targeted new account activities that we've got going. Apex, the new dishwash platform is ahead of our revived more aggressive plan. We've got a number of units already on and like what we are seeing on Apex, that's going quite well. We are also on SKU reduction, which we're using to do a number of things, including enhanced margin and we're on pricing and so as we track these initiatives and look at the traction, you can start getting a good idea of how this is going to translate into business performance. So, we urge you to say it to say it I mean... where it's going to be, we're very confident third and fourth quarter will be better than the second.
Gary Bisbee - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then just last question. Is there... are you seeing any real change in terms of the pipeline or what your sales force appearing in the Healthcare business related to the expected reimbursement changes that fall around infections people get one on the hospital for some [inaudible], is that really more of an '09 opportunity for you guys. I guess I'm trying to understand what the health systems, trying to get prepared ahead of that and is that really, a real positive in near-term, is it more of a opportunity you are tackling for the future? Thanks a lot.
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, what I'd say about our Healthcare business is its performing well. Microtek, our newly acquisition has accelerated since we bought it and is growing at double-digit rates on an organic basis if you compare to their year-on-year performance and our if you will... historic healthcare business is also doing quite well and we expect it to accelerate too. To your specific question about the reimbursement change, yes, it is very hard to figure it out exactly what drives purchase decision. What I believe is customers are going to probably be in a reactive mode than proactive mode on this given the history in healthcare and I would expect that this is even a more important driver on post-change than it is pre-change.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yaw, what I say about our healthcare business is that it is performing quite well and Microtek had new acquisition, as accelerated since we bought it and is growing at double-digit rates on an organic basis, if you compared to their year-on year performance and our [inaudible] historic healthcare businesses also doing quite well and we expected to accelerate to -- to specification about the reimbursement change. It's really hard to [inaudible] around exactly what drives purchase decision, what I believe is customers are going to probably in the mode of reactive mode than proactive mode on that [inaudible] and healthcare and I would expect to [inaudible] important driver on post change than it is pre change.
Gary Bisbee - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question is from P.J. Juvekar of Citi.
Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup: Good afternoon.
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Hi, P.J.
Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup: Your Kay growth was really robust at 17%, and you mentioned share gains, are there any particular chains that you won the business, what's driving that?
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: I mean... PJ, I guess our historic stance is we don't get into naming gains and losses, but yes, it picked up some very good business for the year. So it's driven... driven from a couple of factors. I mean, their first quarter, I think as we told you in first quarter, they were doing better than it looked also, because we had some inventory shifts going on in that business between quarters. With that said... and so, some of that is why the second quarter looks as strong as it does, but really, we expect a very strong second half as Kay starts realizing the benefit to the share gain, particularly in the second half. So, they picked up some nice change.
Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup: Okay. And since you bought Microtek, have you started negotiating with large national hospital chains and... for your one-stop shop and have you had any success, can you talk about that?
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Often the way chains buy or hospitals buy through group purchasing organization and we've certainly had some success, if you will, bringing Microtek into relationships that were previously Ecolab and quite candidly going the other way. And I would say the sales synergy, which we really don't generally count on immediately has come faster than we thought.
Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup: And then finally, you talked about inventory drawdown by distributor, you have this alliance with Cisco, and do you believe that these distributors were drawing down inventory because there is slowdown in the end market?
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: I think there is a couple of things going on... all... Cisco has made a number of large investments in technology, in distribution systems, all designed to improve working capital, which for a distributor reads inventory. And so, some of this is just a natural outcome, I think of investments that they have been making over the years as they deploy, then get down to X. They need some inventory and I think that's the larger reason, but naturally if there is slowdown, they adjust down and when there is a pick up, they adjust up.
Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Edward Yang of Oppenheimer.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer & Co.: Hi, good afternoon.
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Hi.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer & Co.: Doug, you were pretty pressured in expecting some headwinds this year, I know it's early, but could you share your preliminary thoughts on expectations for '09 and historically you've grown earnings in the low to mid teens, if the current environment persists, is that something that's achievable?
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: You know '09, our only assumption right now is its lousy, because I mean not for us, but for the markets. And I think that's the safe assumption, most of the assumptions we need to make, because we want to hold ourselves accountable for driving new business, driving share gains, making sure we are getting after the things that we need to get after to ensure we're positioned to deliver no matter what the environment, and we would always rather be surprised on the upside. All right. That's how we generally view the world until the world proves us wrong. With that said, do we... we have no plan to change our objective of 15% EPS growth and we work to drive sustainable growth this year.. You ex acquisitions, dilution which we are going to have time to time and you look at our forecast, it's clearly in our range and what I'll call a difficult environment, and we're doing it while making, key investments in the business for the long-term which will benefit us in '09, '10 and '11 and that's the type of ribbon that we worked hard to achieve and we are going to work hard to sustain.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer & Co.: When you say lousy environmental overall for next year, does that mean things gets worse from here or...?
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: I don't...I don't think we believe it's going to get dramatically worse, so we're not predicting...economic meltdowns, we're also not predicting economic recovery in '09, particularly in North America, Europe may soften somewhat. In some of the other markets, we just...I guess we just are willing to believe given our share position our opportunity that that's going to dictate our future.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer & Co.: And you mentioned with regards to Ecovation you walked away from some projects due to credit quality. Are you doing this in any other parts of your businesses, are you being more watchful and...what's your bad debt experience being lately?
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think Ecovation is somewhat unique in the capital investment made up front, so we are going to be particularly sensitive in a business where you are putting a bunch of capital in. [inaudible] watchful, I would say clearly in these environments we become even more vigilant on payables, in receivables... receivables and we have been, I think we've got a very good handle on it as we go forward. So I think that's exactly you would expect us to do.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Michel Morin of Merrill Lynch.
Michel Morin - Merrill Lynch: Hi, good afternoon guys. Couple of quick ones, the extra $0.02 that you now expect to get from the core business, I guess because you are saying you are going to get two additional cents of dilution. So the base business is giving you a little bit more than you had anticipated. Where is that coming from?
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Yes, it's coming from a couple of places, I mean, we've clearly stepped on the gas on cost savings and we are... continue to be on the gas on organic growth and pricing.
Michel Morin - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And just going back... that's very helpful, thank you. And on the earlier question about your sales force, it's good to see that you're not cutting back there. What do you think your competitors do, it looks like you are picking up some share, is that facilitated by some of your competitors perhaps pulling back a little bit on their sales force, are you seeing any of that in the field?
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think it's been a trend of a number of our competitors reducing their field sales, manpower, overtime we have seen a continuation of that trend. I don't know if there has been a big change in trend recently. But we figure what... generally in these tough environments, I'd be rather be [inaudible] than anybody else and we figure this is going to give us advantage versus competition and we want to make sure that we're in position to capitalize. I don't... so we will go aggressively to build share and all the way you do that, have a great offer for customers.
Michel Morin - Merrill Lynch: That's great. Thank you. And then just finally on GCS, Mike could you break out the growth that you had from service relative to the parts portion of the business?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yes, services up about 8%.
Michel Morin - Merrill Lynch: Parts was negative?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yes, parts was down a few percent.
Michel Morin - Merrill Lynch: Right, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question is from Bob Koort of Goldman Sachs.
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs: Thanks, good afternoon guys.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Hi, Bob.
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs: Couple of questions. One, Mike can you remind us when you guys bought the JV in Europe. How high your debt-to-cap ratio went then?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: It got up to 47% of capital.
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs: And Doug, is there any reason you won't pursue those limits again?
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Bob, I knew that was the second question.
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs: I didn't asked anything about Henkel.
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: You are very clever. Look I think, we've always said that our debt- to-cap ratio we talk about is a range and if there are unique situations be the acquisitions rather that we aren't afraid to extend beyond our range.
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs: Can I ask a couple of different questions? And I think Mike, you said in Europe and Asia-Pacific your profitability was down year-on- year? Is that primarily because of logistical costs, or what is it about the business models in those environments that are providing the earnings leverage that you get in the U.S. markets?
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Bob, this is Doug. We have accelerated investments in corporate account hedge, right, in a couple of what we thought were key investments to give us a bigger platform to grow on, right. Operations, we added a plant in China, yes we've done a number of things and in those businesses you kind of go through some step function changes. But, they were investments that we proactively made and we feel good about the investments.
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs: Okay my last one, on the health of the US Institutional markets, it seems like that growth is about as low as we've seen it for several years. I think Doug you alluded to that being somewhat misrepresentative of the underlying business. What can we expect in the second half or maybe even looking further out, is this going to be, as long as the economy is a little sketchy 3% to 5% revenue growth business or can you ramp it back up into the mid-single digits?
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we haven't... we talked about Institutional's range in the 6% to 8% piece, you know we believe we will be close not in the range.
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs: Great, thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question, it's from Jeff Zekauskas of J.P. Morgan.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Ben Richardson [ph] coming in for Jeff. Just sort of question concerning your sensitivity to fuel cost and how you might manage that?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well, where as fuel cost is not one of our major raw materials it is decking it down the list. In terms of how we are managing it, is we've instituted some fuel surcharges in some divisions and we will continue to look at that and react to fuel cost as we go forward.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. That's all I have.
Operator: Our next question is from John Roberts of Buckingham Research.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Good afternoon guys.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Okay, John.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: The corporate line when you back out the $26 million gain was a $14 million expense, does that stay at that rate the next couple of quarters, or when did it drop back down towards the mid-single digit number?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: I'm sorry John, I couldn't hear you. Could you repeat that?
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: The corporate expense line, when you back out the one-time gain was I think about $14 million expense in the quarter, again, higher than normal because of the activity in Europe, does that stay at that level the next couple of quarters or when does it come back down into the more normal historical mid single-digit kind of levels [ph]?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Hi, John, that corporate line includes two things, the special gains and charges, which are like the one-time things that we talk about, so that included that gain which you are correct in backing out. Since we don't forecast special gains and charges, the only thing we can look to is what we would call the corporate side, which would be the cost of the European systems and the cost of the move to Zurich which we think over the second half, it will be different by quarter, but it will be around 13 million bucks.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Okay. And then secondly, back to the question about your debt to cap ratio and so forth, we are obviously in a different credit environment right now than you were when you last had your peak debt to cap ratio. How does that factor into your thinking? How important is it to maintain certain level of credit rating?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: I am sorry. I missed the part of that John, the phone broke up.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: In fact, the last time, you had a very high debt-to-cap ratio when you bought out the joint venture, that was a different credit environment than now. Today, it's pretty scarce to have the kind of balance sheet that you guys have out there and I don't know how concerned you are about your credit rating and as you would lever up possibly?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: It is... you are right, the credit environment is very different. We do value, we've always valued our strong balance sheet. Now, we are not alone in valuing it, and we don't plan and do anything to cream our balance sheet. I don't know... that would be not a move we would view as wise.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Rosemarie Morbelli of Ingalls & Snyder.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder, LLC: Good afternoon, all and congratulations on a very good quarter.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well, thank you, Rosemarie. Nice way to say that
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder, LLC: Looking at Asia Pacific, a 6% growth rate excluding currency is really not that big for this small size business compared to some of your other areas. Could you give us a feel as to what is going on there and why with all of the investments you have been talking about, and still it is not growing at a rate that is a little closer to Latin America, for example?
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Rose, this is Doug. Yes, you are right. I don't say we don't like 6% either, but really it's principally driven by Japan and Australia, which are outside businesses for us in that market where it had very slow growth. We had very strong growth in North East Asia, and frankly the balance of Asia as you would expect.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder, LLC: Okay. So we should see... as time goes by and the balance of Asia becomes a little larger, we should see that rate pick up to a level of 10% to 15%?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yes. I won't argue with you there.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder, LLC: Okay. And then looking at other services, I mean, the operating margin has improved substantially to 10.8%, is that a new base level going forward or was there something special in the second quarter and then we go back down a little in the second half of the year?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yes. We expect that should continue to improve as GCS' margin continues to improve.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder, LLC: But there was nothing special that prompted so much between the first and the second quarter?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: I think it's principally GCS.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder, LLC: Okay. And that is not... well it is not growing as much. You're not doing anything there in terms of major investment that would lower the overall margin if GCS stayed at the same level?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: No. I think the Pest business is a stable business, we invest on a continual basis. Will continue to but that's in it's base and we don't have any planned outsize investment up or down for that business.
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: For continued improvement in there, Rosemarie going forward.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Principally the GCS.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder, LLC: Okay. And then lastly if I may, the gross margin Q4 versus Q3, historically is a little lower, but considering what you're doing in terms of price increases and new products, which I'm assuming as Ecolab usually does have higher margins. Should we expect the gross margin to improve sequentially Q4 versus Q3?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: I don't think so Rosemarie. At this point I think they'll be flattish.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder, LLC: Okay. So nevertheless a little better than the historical pattern?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yes. And I think you've got the reasons why.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder, LLC: Okay. All right. Thanks a lot.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Thank you
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Shaw of UBS .
Chris Shaw - UBS: Hi guys. How are you doing?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Hi Chris.
Chris Shaw - UBS: Where does the other $0.02 of dilution from those deals comes from, was that a new deal included in there or was that just you redid the numbers?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: You know what, Chris, it's principally Ecovation and it goes back to the earlier conversation. The pipeline that we acquired, changed when we did the blocking from frankly a very sizable deal because of a credit insurance that we had. And some of the other pieces of the pipeline have been somewhat delayed by the economic situation. With that said, we view this as a year phenomenon.
Chris Shaw - UBS: Okay. That's reasonable. And then on pricing, you guys said pricing was up 2% for the quarter. Now to me that seems kind of low... I will think that's the kind of pricing you do in sort of even a flat raw material year, I would think that just from your new products and the value you bring to customers that you could get 2% easily in a given year. So should it be higher?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yes. A couple of things, one it will be... we expected to increase in the second half as we go given the environment change and everything else we are out there getting pricing. This is a global number, of that includes pricing benefits that we realize or we change out products, i.e., mix driven margin moves in that line.
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Another thing Chris, remember we are giving rounded number. So we are seeing actually some improvement from little bit below to a little better than to going forward.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: It's moving up.
Chris Shaw - UBS: It does include mix it doesn't capture when you introduce a new higher value product?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Right.
Chris Shaw - UBS: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question it is from Laurence Alexander, of Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies: There are just two quick ones. Can I just... are you still looking for mid-single digits raw material inflation for the year or is that creeping higher?
Douglas M. Baker Jr. - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: This is Doug. It has increased and our forecast if you want to include without freight and fuel to delivered product, it's going to be closer to 8%, if you include freight and fuel that we use to move product. It's going to be around 10% for the year. The number that we've historically given you is ex-freight and fuel.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies: Right. And then can you briefly discuss the volume trends in Institutional in both the US and Europe, because I guess given the pricing, it looks as if... I mean, is it still positive in both region, or is there...?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yes. No, it is still... yes, we have positive volume growth in both North America, U.S., Canada, Europe.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies: Okay, perfect.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: And we get back to... continue to have positive volume.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies: Right.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Okay. Well, I guess, this is the last question. So, thank you all for your participation and have a terrific day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-25 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael J. Monahan - VP, External Relations
Analysts: David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Michel Morin - Merrill Lynch Mike Harrison - First Analysis Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company Chris Shaw - UBS Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder Gary Bisbee - Lehman Brothers Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research John McNulty - Credit Suisse P.J. Juvekar - Citi Robert Felice - Gabelli & Company
Operator: Welcome to the Ecolab First Quarter 2008 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I would like to turn the call over Mr. Michael Monahan, Vice President, External Relations. Sir you may begin.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Thank you. Hello, everyone and thanks for joining us. This web cast teleconference includes estimates and future performance. These are forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Form 10-K under Item 1-A risks factors and in our first quarter earnings release. A copy of earnings release is available on Ecolab's website at eqolab.com/investor. Starting with some highlights from the quarter, reported first quarter 2008 EPS increased 17% reaching $0.41. Pro forma earnings per share, which excludes special gains and charges and discreet tax benefits, rose 11% to $0.39, hitting the top end of our forecasted range. We also note that, as projected, dilution from the Microtek and Ecovation acquisitions was approximately $0.01 per share in the first quarter. We enjoyed strong organic earnings growth. Pro forma EPS from operations increased $0.06 in the quarter. The benefits from favorable foreign exchange and the lower tax rate shares and interest were fully offset by a higher delivered product cost. Further, the strong earnings also funded our Europe investments and acquisition cost. We enjoyed continued solid sales trends from our U.S. institutional, pest, food and beverage and healthcare businesses. International also showed good sales gain, as Latin America rose double-digits, Asia-Pacific enjoyed strong gains and Europe reported modest growth. We know that certain end markets in the U.S. have softened showing some headwinds from the overall economic slowdown. In response, we continue to focus on strong sales efforts, emphasizing products that provide customers with labor, energy and water savings as well as productivity and efficiency improvements and our pricing in cost savings to continue to drive our top line and bottom line growth. In addition, acquisitions are helping to accelerate our top line and create additional future opportunity. We continue to be optimistic regarding the full year outlook. We look for pro forma diluted earnings per share, which excludes special gains and charges and discreet tax items to be in the $1.84 to $1.88 range. These results will include about $0.02 of dilution from the Microtek and Ecovation acquisitions. Pro forma earnings excluding that dilution are expected to rise 12% to 14% to a $1.86 to $1.90 per share. For the second quarter, we expect pro forma EPS in the $0.45 to $0.47 range. These results will include between $0.01 to $0.02 of dilution from acquisitions. In summary, we continue to expect yet another superior performance for Ecolab in 2008, as we leverage our markets with aggressive sales and cost efficiency actions to deliver very attractive growth and show the returns while continuing to build for future growth. Turning to the details, Ecolab's reported consolidated sales for the first quarter rose 16%. Looking at the components, volume and mix were up 4%, pricing was up 2%, currency at 5% and the impact of acquisitions was also 5%. Sales for U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing operations increased 15%. Excluding the Microtek and Ecovation acquisitions, sales rose 5%. Institutional sales rose 6%, once again outpacing the end market growth. We continue to see strong customer demand for energy and cost saving solutions. Products like our new Apex solids warewashing line are seeing success in new accounts, as well as with existing customers. When matched with our legendary premium service, the new warewashing program provides highly differentiated offering that helps customers offset rising energy and water cost, as well as meet increasing customer concerns for more sustainable products with improved environmental impact. We continue to invest in new products, programs sales force training and technology to help drive better service and increase customer solutions. We believe the fundamental outlook for institutional remains solid. We had anticipated that markets might soften in 2008, and while basic restaurant traffic trends, as those reported through February are similar to those that we experienced over the past year or so, with some shifting between concept categories or recently we have seen some signs of softening in those trends and in restaurant owner expectations. Though these trends may be further affected by a weakening economy, we remain confident that our fundamental opportunities to increase market share and grow our sales within our customers operations continue to be very attractive. Further, our lodging business and underlying trends, as reflected in the November room sold, remains steady. In 2008, we expect institutional to once again leverage its broad customer base, unit expansion by the chains, increase customer needs for solutions that effectively reduce cost and improve results and aggressive sales efforts to drive further superior growth and market share gains. We look for continued growth from institutional once again in the second quarter and throughout 2008. Kay's first quarter sales grew 2%, primarily reflecting the timing of distributor shipments and comparising it against the strong first quarter last year. The underlying business trend in quick service restaurants remains healthy, with strong ongoing demand from major existing and new fast food chain accounts. The food retail business continued to show strong growth with a double-digit gain. New products and programs like the introduction of solids for QSR, along with customers wins continue to bolster Kay's results. We expect these initiatives to help drive double-digit gains in Kay's second quarter. Textile care sales fell 2%. Textile care added new plans from existing customers, continue to drive new product solutions and broaden its markets. However, these gains were off set by lower volumes from existing accounts. We expect modest growth in the second quarter as textile care brings on new business and uses new technology to drive growth. Reported first quarter sales for the healthcare division nearly quadrupled, reflecting the impact of the Microtek acquisition. Excluding the impact of the acquisition, healthcare sales rose up very strong 17%. Organic sales growth reflected continued solid end market demand for infection controlled products and expanded penetration within our existing base of group purchasing organizations and healthcare purchasing systems. Our line of skin care products showed continued double-digit growth. Microtek sales were strong, rising double digits. The integration is going very well, as sales reps from our legacy healthcare and Microtek businesses are working together at the IDN and GPO levels and within specific healthcare departments, such as the operating room. We are working to develop additional opportunities to leverage relationships and achieve further sales synergies. Looking ahead, second quarter organic healthcare sales should show continued good sales growth and be bolstered by the addition of Microtek. Beginning in the first quarter 2008, and following the acquisition of Ecovation, we have combined our water care operations with those of the U.S. Food & Beverage division. Food & beverage customers are the primary targets for our water care sales efforts and there are synergies available between water care and Ecovation. We expect improved sales potential and efficiency, due to this consolidation of our industrial water activities within the same division. Food & beverage delivered a strong first quarter performance, with sales up 28%. Adjusted for the Ecovation acquisition, sales rose 8%. The quarter was led by strong performances in the Dairy, Meat and Poultry, Beverage and Agri segments. Looking at the segments; corporate account wins, better pricing and new products contributed to Dairy plant sales growth. The Meat and Poultry business enjoyed a robust quarter, reflecting significant customer gains. The beverage and agri segments also saw a strong growth, reflecting new account sales, the strength of our corporate account relationships and favorable agro market conditions. Water care sales were off slightly in the quarter, as new account gains were offset by lower sugar and wastewater chemistry sales. Ecovation, the leading provider of affluent water treatment and renewable energy solutions that we acquired during the first quarter continues to do well, more than tripling its sales and remains on track for substantial growth in 2008. We expect continued good sales trends for the food and beverage business in the second quarter of 2008. as we focus on new account acquisition, pricing and continued expansion of our antimicrobial and water management platforms. Vehicle care sales decreased 8%. Results were primarily impacted by the softening economy, higher gas prices and weather related market softness. All of which, more than offset new products including the car wash industry's first comprehensive sustainability program as well as better pricing. Vehicle care expects new account gains in its existing markets, investments in its sales force and new market opportunities to yield improved sales trends in the second of 2008. Sales for U.S. other services increased 8% in the first quarter. Pest Elimination sales continue to show good growth, rising 9%. New account activity was driven by corporate account gains, while new account service growth also contributed to the quarter. We continue to develop our programs to target specific market needs that provide better circle of customer penetration and better customer growth opportunities. We expect Pest Elimination to show strong growth in the second quarter. GCS sales increased 6%, showing continuing good momentum in service sales, offset by soft parts volume. Sales pipeline continue to look attractive. The new business systems are fully online and we are now working through the system stabilization and optimization phase of the implementation. We are seeing the benefits of the new system through the better business transparency, which has helped our business decision making. Productivity is continuing to improve on the new systems and we expect significant gains as our people build experience with new productivity tool. We expect continued sales growth in the second quarter and the year with improving profitability in the second half. Measured and fixed currencies, international sales increased 8%. Excluding acquisitions, fixed currency sales increased 7%. When measured in dollars, reported international sales increased 19%. Europe, Middle East and Africa sales rose 4% in the first quarter at fixed currency rates. Excluding acquisitions and divestitures, fixed currency sales increased 6%. When measured in dollars, EMEA sales increased 15%. Europe's institutional sales were strong and steady but modest product sales growth benefited from significant floor machine sales and distributor orders. Product sales grew across the regions. New products like the introduction of Wash 'n Walk and the Max floor care line, combined with continued gains from housekeeping to help drive sales. We expect second quarter institutional sales to rise modestly, in part due to the impact of the first quarter distributor orders. Sales force training programs we are implementing to improve sales execution in our Europe institutional businesses are underway. And we believe beginning to gain traction with the sales force. While, still too really to see material results, we continue to expect these efforts to improve top line growth as they take hold later this year and into 2009. Food & Beverage sales showed a good gain, benefiting from corporate account growth. Healthcare sales showed good growth, benefiting from skin care lines and textile care sales also increased. Adjusted for the divestiture of a property services business last year, Pest Europe increased as programs to improve sales and profitability gained traction. Key metrics, including service delivery in the UK, new contract sales growth in France and overall customer retention showed good improvement and helped offset the elimination of a couple of larger but low margin contracts in the UK. As an update, our work to improve Europe's performance. The business information systems development work continues to move ahead and is completing the build stage. A multi-phase rollout will begin in the third quarter starting with two countries and then rolling out to additional countries over the next 24 months. Obviously, it is still too early to see results and while these improvements will take time to implement, they are critical to the fundamental development we need to make to achieve better growth and profitability in Europe. We have started the first moves to our regional headquarters and expect to make major staffing relocations this summer, as we build a Pan European operating structure. On a significant cost of 2008, we remain confident these actions as they are implemented will lead to higher sales and profit growth and a more effective business model. We look for Europe's second quarter fixed currency sales to show a more modest growth in the first quarter, primarily reflecting the timing of distributor orders. However, we look for better results ahead as the actions we are implementing take hold. Asia Pacific sales grew 10% in fixed currencies. Excluding acquisitions, sales increased 8%. When reported in U.S. dollars, sales increased 21%. From a divisional perspective, institutional strong sales gains were driven by new products including the launch of a new warewashing platform in Japan and by growth in the market guided program for retail stores. We achieved important account wins in casinos, catering, hotels, and restaurants as well as food retail markets. Food & Beverage sales also enjoyed strong growth. Both the beverage and brewing sectors continue to show good growth in Asia. The Food & Beverage division benefited from increased product penetration and account gains. Asia Pacific expects continued good sales growth in the second quarter. First quarter sales for Ecolab's Canadian operations were up 3% in fixed currency and rose 20% when measured in U.S dollars. Institutional and Pest Elimination sales were strong benefiting from corporate account gains, accelerated street growth and the rollout of Apex. Food & beverage sales also improved. Latin America reported an outstanding performance with sales rising a very strong 18% at fixed exchange rates. When measured in U.S. dollars, sales rose 26%. Sales were excellent throughout the region, as all divisions rose double-digits. Institutional growth was driven by new account gains, increased product penetration through the 360 degrees of protection program as well as continued success with global and regional accounts. Food and beverage sales reflected strong demand in the beverage and brewing markets as well as the benefits of new accounts. Pest Elimination continues its outstanding performance throughout Latin America. Overall, we expect healthy growth trends to continue in Latin America. We expect Latin America sales to show another double-digit gain in the second quarter. Turning to the expense side of the income statement, as we expected, first quarter gross margins decreased to 150 basis points to 49.4%. The impact of acquisitions, which by their business model operate at lower gross margins than our historic business, were 110 basis points of the margin decline and along with higher delivered product costs and an unfavorable business mix more than offset sales leverage, pricing and cost savings initiatives. SG&A expenses were 38.3% of sales or 90 basis points below that last year. The SG&A ratio reflected leverage from our healthy organic sales growth and the impact of acquisitions, which operate at lower SG&A ratios. These more than offset investments in the business systems and efficiency, R&D and information technology. Turning to the segment profits, operating income for Ecolab's U.S. Cleaning and Sanitizing segment increased 6%, driven by the higher sales and improved cost efficiencies and a resulting strong operating leverage, which more than offset higher delivered product costs and investments in the business. Operating income for U.S. other services, decreased by $2 million as continued profit gains at Pest Elimination were offset by systems deployment and stabilization and optimization costs in GCS. International fixed currency operating income rose 13%. Europe and Latin America led the growth with double-digit gains as benefits of the strong sales increase more than offset higher delivered product costs and unfavorable business mix. Corporate segment includes special gains and charges which are reported as a separate line item on the income statement. Special gains and charges for the first quarter included 3.6 million of non-recurring costs to optimize our business structure, including the establishment of our European headquarters in Zurich, Switzerland. These costs were partially offset by an additional $1.7 million gain from the previously announced sale of a business in the UK. The corporate segment also includes $5 million of investments included within our pro forma EPS reporting, primarily related to the development of business systems and other corporate investments we are making as part of our ongoing efforts to improve our efficiency and return. Ecolab's first quarter consolidated tax rate was 29.4%, down from last year's reported 34.5%. Excluding discreet tax benefits, primarily from the ratification of the new tax treaty between the U.S. and Germany of approximately $0.02 per share, and the tax impact of special gains and charges, the adjusted effective income tax rate for the first quarter 2008 was 32.8%. The decrease in the adjusted first quarter effective tax rate was primarily due to tax planning efforts, international rate reductions and U.S. tax legislation. We also repurchased 0.4 million shares during the first quarter. The net of this performance is that reported diluted net income per share for the first quarter was $0.41, up 17% over the $0.35 earned a year ago. Pro forma earnings were up 11% to $0.39 when adjusted for the discreet tax benefit and special gains and charges. These results included dilution of $0.01 per share for the Microtek and Ecovation acquisitions. And as mentioned in our opening comments, pro forma EPS from operations, increased $0.06 in the quarter, the benefits from favorable foreign exchange, the lower tax rates, shares and interest were fully offset by higher delivery product cost, further, the strong earnings also funded our Europe investments and acquisition costs. Turning to the balance sheet, Ecolab's total debt to capital was 39% at March 31, compared with 33% reported a year ago. Our net debt at March 31, 2008, was 35%. Depreciation and ammonization for the quarter was 85 million and capital spending for the quarter was 76 million. That's the review of the first quarter. In summary, Ecolab delivered yet another solid quarter. Our performance was a result of continued growth led by our U.S., Latin American and Asia Pacific businesses, showing the strength and balance of our global business model. We also continue to use that strength to make ongoing investments in our sales and service force, and double-digit investments in our R&D, information technology, and other key areas to sustain our future growth. Looking ahead to our guidance for 2008, we begin by cautioning these statements are based on current expectations. These statements are forward-looking and actual results could differ materially. These statements do not include the potential impact of additional business acquisitions, divestitures, higher than anticipated raw material price increases or material events that may occur after the days of this web cast. This business outlooks sections should be considered in conjunction with the information on risk factors in our press release and our Form 10-K which limits risks factors that may cause results to differ. For 2008, we continue to expect another superior year of growth. We expect solid sales gains, continued strong sales efforts and pricing along with acquisitions that accelerate our top line to be leveraged by productivity and efficiency increases and cost savings to yield another year of attractive earnings growth. For the full year, we look for pro forma diluted earnings per share, which excludes special gains and charges and discreet tax items to be in the $1.84 to $1.88 range. These expected pro forma earnings include approximately $0.02 of dilution for the Microtek and Ecovation acquisitions. But in pro forma earnings excluding dilution, up 12% to 14% to $1.86 to $1.90 for the year. Please note these are pro forma numbers which excludes special gains and charges and discreet tax items that we presently expect to net to a range of zero to a positive $0.03 per share in 2008. This income statement line will include the sale of a plant in Europe, as well as certain costs associated with establishment of our European headquarters that moved to Zurich. In the second quarter, we looked for our U.S. operations to show continued solid momentum. New products like the ongoing roll out of Apex, our new warewashing platform that provides unparalleled performance and energy and cost savings for customer, as well as the first solids for QSR, new on-premise laundry products in the U.S. and Europe and new floor care line that will provide further differentiation in opportunity and will help drive results. We look for international sales to again be led by strong growth from Latin American and Asia-Pacific, as they enhance modest gains from Europe. We believe this will result in overall good fixed currency international sales growth. Second quarter, gross margin should be 49 to 50%, selling, general and administrative expenses are expected to come in around 37 to 38% of sales. This decline in gross margins and SG&A primarily reflecting the acquisitions, and interest expense should be around 15 to $16 million. We expect the effective tax rate in the quarter will be 32 to 33%. Overall currency translation is expected to benefit second quarter earnings. As a result, we expect Pro forma diluted earnings per share for the second quarter, excluding gains and charges to be the $0.45 to $0.47 range, compared to Pro forma earnings per share of $0.42 earned a year ago. The second quarter 2008, pro forma results, will include between $0.01 to $0.02 per share of dilution from acquisitions. Except as noted, the second quarter and full year results and remaining impact on earnings per share estimates do not reflect the impact of special gains and charges or discreet future tax events that may, even they occur are recognized in the appropriate period. Overall we expect a superior performance in 2008 as these are strong sales in service team to drive growth through aggressive selling, additional solutions per account, new services and appropriate pricing to drive our top line and a constant focus on the efficiency and the effectiveness, to leverage the bottom line, while at the same time making the key investments to assure growth for the future. A final note, we plan to hold the tour of our booth at the National Restaurant Association show in Chicago on May 19th. We will be sending out more details on the event next week. In the mean time if you have questions please contact me or Nicole in our office. That concludes our remarks this conference call will be available for replay on our website through May 2. Operator, please begin the question and answer period. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: Mike you discussed pricing versus raw materials the GAAP and how you will close that going forward?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well I think is David, you get the raw material head right away and for our contracts which are spread basically over the year, we rolled the price increases into those, I think we have been pretty effective in our pricing that far but again you get the hip from the raw materials upfront, and you get your pricing back as you go forward our 2005-2006 experience showed that we are able to certainly recover those as well as bulge our margins.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: What was that -- what was the GAAP in Q1 Mike, do you have the number?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: I am sorry the GAAP?
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: Between pricing and raw material cost?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: It was favorable.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: Fair enough, and can you just comment on European profitability, I know it will take time to improve it, our margins are down in the quarter year-over-year?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Our margins are up in the quarter again I think that benefited I guess in comparison last year was fairly easy but also you had some additional volume, and the institutional division which we mentioned, I think for the full year we looked for a European margins to be above flat.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: And last thing is on GCS what were GCS head wins in the quarter, how did they loose?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Loss about $6 million.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: Thank you very much.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michel Morin with Merrill Lynch.
Michel Morin - Merrill Lynch: Yeah Mike just wondering on the institutional side, how much of an impact are you seeing from the economy?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well, I think that we are starting to see may be more in tons and much more than that -- we are starting to see customers get apprehensive about the economy and as a result of that you see them a lot more cautious than before if you look at our results were certainly within the long term range that we expect for institutional which has been 68% or within that range we continue to see positive for traffic under the restaurants so that's been good news and then we also continue to drive our wrong growth through a count of wins through additional solutions for account itself. Overall I would say that its more of a ton than it is anything significant.
Michel Morin - Merrill Lynch: And in terms of the pricing gains you said it, you did contributed 2% to organic growth, total organic growth. Can you talk a little bit about how does that differs either by segment of region where you being more successful at passing on price and where you not having as much success?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well, I think that kind of reflects some regions for example on North America, I think we have been, more successful, in Europe which is much more been independent, type of account where you really need strong sales force to deliver those, they are not as strong as sales force so they're not able to deliver as much pricing but on the other hand our rows in Europe has now risen as much as they have in the U.S., I think the U.S. in you are seeing better pricing, but that's where we also have a stronger sales force and also had a stronger raw material cost increases.
Michel Morin - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks very much Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Harrison with First Analysis.
Mike Harrison - First Analysis: Hi. Good afternoon.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Hey Mike.
Mike Harrison - First Analysis: We've heard some company has specifically mentioned that they've seen some weakness in the UK and in Spain. I was wondering if you could talk about what your seeing in terms of economic health from country to country as you look at mainland Europe?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: I don't think, that we've seen much for UK and Spain in terms of weakness. Can't really say too much to that. I mean, overall its been more the central countries Germany, France where we've seen more weakness. The East Europe, Northern Europe has been very good.
Mike Harrison - First Analysis: Okay and then in healthcare, can you break out what the top-line contribution was of Microtek in the quarter and then maybe talk a little about what are you seeing -- whether the top-line synergies are tracking about with where you would been expecting at this point?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well, as we said. Growth for the division was 9%. With Microtek, it was up 17%. Excluding Microtek, was about 34 million in the quarter. In terms of synergies it was -- things are coming along well.
Mike Harrison - First Analysis: Right. And then as you look at the, staying with healthcare, as you look at the infection prevention market, it seems like you have some hospitals looking to improve basic sanitation. You maybe have others looking at testing incoming patients for infections. Obviously, the basic sanitation rout is probably much more cost effective but we, at the same time are seeing some state legislatures pushing for these testing requirements. Can you talk about how you are taking your offering to market in this environment where you are essentially pushing, head washing, which isn't that fancy against this, fancy in expense of test.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well, what we're driving toward is a comprehensive solutions for the customers to try and breakdown, as we call the vectors between the sources of potential HAIs and the patients. So, for us that means trying to drive that on a broad base throughout the organization. So, for us we're trying to go towards the sea levels to drive the concept fed. Number one, this has to be a comprehensive solution and broad based. Number two, this is a way that you are going to be able to reduce your cost, particularly as you see healthcare reimbursement change to one that does not necessarily pay for the HAIs going forward. We think that our real strength in this area is that we've got strong positive approach but even more so it's the training that we can provide because again to treat MRSAs,etcetera its not fabulous technology that's needed, it's much more of a practice of it and we think that we've got excellent background in helping train people in the use of cleaning sanitizing products and multiple areas and that's going to be the real key for the healthcare area.
Mike Harrison - First Analysis: Tim, last question I had. You seem to have quite a bit of cash sitting on your balance sheet. I was wondering if that's related to your desire to buy some shares from Henkel. Are your keeping that around for potential M&A opportunities or do you have some debt that's actually coming due any time soon?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: No. It's just timing Mike.
Mike Harrison - First Analysis: All right. Thanks very much
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Thank you
Operator: Our next question comes from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company: Good afternoon. First of all, with INIS, so sorry, with Cleaning & Sanitizing in the U.S., have you seen any push back on the adoption of Apex or some of the other new products as customers become more nervous.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: No, not really. In fact, we have seen quite an embracive of it. For a couple of reasons, first of all is it does offer demonstrable cost savings for the customer in terms of not only water, energy and labor but the other aspect has been sustainable aspects of Apex in terms of its total footprint from sourcing through productions, through disposal by customers. So, we actually had one customer that bought it solely for the sustainability reasons. We have had a couple of others that actually have been in the news that have picked at up because of the cost savings. So, so far I'd say that its doing very, very well and we are very pleased with the rollout of Apex.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company: And for the 5 million investments in productivity, is that the restructuring in Europe or is that across the firm and what will be expected payback period on this kinds of investments?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: That's the investment in the European systems as well as the creation and of a Pan European organization establishment of the facility in Zurich.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company: Thank you.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Shaw with UBS.
Chris Shaw - UBS: Hey Mike. How are you doing?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Hey Chris. How are you?
Chris Shaw - UBS: Good. Seriously, the amount of shares you have bought back this quarter is that the kind of sort of minimal levels we'll see until we get some sort of resolution at Henkel.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well, there is a couple of things. First of all, our target debt-to-total cap is 35 to 40%. We are at 39%, so we are up there. But the second thing is obviously there is a potential pending action and we just like to keep some powder dry.
Chris Shaw - UBS: And there is no news on, no new news to report on Henkel, right?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Nothing to report. No, sir.
Chris Shaw - UBS: Okay. And Ecovation, do you know how much of their sales went to the ethanol market?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: It's a fairly small market today. Its really something will be pursuing in the future. Right now its much more aligned with our traditional food and beverage business in terms of dairy and beverage and meat and poultry.
Chris Shaw - UBS: Okay. And then, curiously, given sort of the weaker economic environment, I know in past, in a cycle like this, you guys get a little more aggressive with share and shred accounts. Are you doing something similar at this time?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Absolutely. When we came into 2008, we were expecting, a more difficult economic environment, so as part of our plans we really built in to be much more aggressive on the streets in terms of new accounts, in terms of solutions per account, in terms of our general approach to the market. So, so far what we have seen has been pretty much inline with what we expected and again its driving just those things which you mentioned Chris. which are going to the enablers for us to continue to outperform the market.
Chris Shaw - UBS: Any numbers you can attach, any share gains, or greater circle of customer selling?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well, in terms of solutions per account, its tough to measure on a quarter-by-quarter basis simply because you get it a large base but as you have seen, we have continue to expand that over the last couple of years, in fact I think over the last three years we're up two solutions versus, two years ago, it was about 5.5 versus 3.5. So, we continue advance that and I think if you look every quarter we're continuing to make further progress on those.
Chris Shaw - UBS: And one more. In pest, theoretically, its not showing up in the numbers, but would that be something the customer would cut back on before some of your other product lines just because -- pest elimination is a bit, almost insurance kind of thing.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: No, I don't think so. I mean, the fact is that the pest will continue to return to the environment consistently and so, flies, rasps, bugs whatever, there are going to keep coming back in. so, if you try and back you are simply inviting a demonstrable public health problem. I mean, you the mouse run across the floor does not exactly bring in more people to your restaurant.
Chris Shaw - UBS: Yeah. Good point. All right. Thanks Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rosemarie Morbelli with Ingalls & Snyder.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder: Mike if you're not alone or to you alone. Could you give us a feel for the losses from GCS in the quarter.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yeah, they are about $6 million.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder: So, they don't seem be diminishing, are they?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well, as we said when we completed the installation in September of the ERP that there was additional stabilization and implementations costs for that system going forward. We had hoped to avoid relative to a number of things bit we weren't. The people I talk to regarding these ERP installations, will tell that its very typical to have things like this and what we are doing right now is we are -- we may have some reports that in the new system weren't complete, you have to fill in a few fields maybe some missing reports, you have to get those regenerated. Its all that clean up work after you have installed something that's major. So that's pretty normal activity. The second thing is you have got people relearning the system. They are relearning reports, format etcetera, so the productivity is not what it was on the old system. But its improving day by day and we think over the next couple of months you are going to see continued improvement there such that, we expect that as we go through the second, third, fourth quarters, we'll be able to improve the productivity significantly on this and secondly, the number of the costs are related to -- if you were perfecting this system, will said to go away as well.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder: Are you still planning and breaking even by the end of the first quarter?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: What we said is that we expect the possibility improved this year and be profitable next year in terms of timing I don't think I really want to try in time as because my record on that has been so hard.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay you so -- the could you give us a feel for the economic situation you are expecting behind that $1.84 to $1.88 you made comments regarding the fact that you thought the things were going to be worst and they were actually and so I am guessing that this is why the first quarter was a little stronger or at the high end of the range, what can you help us with your expectations then with you think you are being conservative.?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yeah, we were looking for the U.S. economy to slow down we're looking for slightly better but not robust international economies, on the raw material side as you know Rosemary, we've been a believer that we are in kind of secular high raw material environment so we'll expecting rod to be high may be not quite as this high but certainly high and as a result we took action early on in all of our plans to drive higher growth to drive appropriate pricing and cost savings to offset that. So, so far the economic environments pretty much what we expected and I think our actions in that environment are paying off pretty well. Here we've got on top economy we held our estimates for the year, we still are confident our projections for the year so, I think that tough environment we're feeling pretty good about where we're at and what we can do in this environment.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder: I know you are doing a great job, I was just wondering if you had expectation of things actually slowing further deteriorating further in the U.S. in your number?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Pretty much the same. We're not looking for any disasters here but I think like everybody are looking for a general slowdown, in the timing which is kind of what we are getting and there is really been no surprises for us yet.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay, and then the signs have slowed down within the institutional, hotels, restaurants and so on, do you see some gross in other accounts of such as Kay versus your general institutional accounts and those margins at Kay than those of institutional.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Let me work in change to win accounts to all our areas and for example you mentioned Kay's had some great account win this year, we think it will be up digits in the second quarter and for the full year and so I think that as you look across the business we are good success -- what advantages if you well at this environment where people are worried about causes, Ecolab's products and solutions are about really helping customers control cost while providing good results, so it's a great environment on which we can sell and really address specific customer name.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder: I understand that but are your margin higher in the regular institutional than the in the QRS?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yeah, I think if you look at the operating margins and take out the impact of acquisition that were in good shape, in fact if you look at the U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing we said sales were up 5% operating margins were up 6%, operating profits on 6% so expanding our margins there.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder: And this Kay grows a lot faster and the rest of the institutional restaurants flows down, should we expect to see those margins decline?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: I'm sorry what was that Rosemarie
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder: Well, if you grow Kay at a faster rate and the rest of the institutional business is down should we expect to see some decline in the operating margin?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: No, they are both above average margins so we would expect continue operating margin, operating profit improvement Rosemary.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay and if I may, you made a comment regarding Europe Michael, saying that margins were up in the first quarter and you expected them flat for the year so I would translate that to mean that they are coming down in the next three quarters or am I missing something?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: All we said is the first quarter benefited by some distributed or some machine sales that were in the third and second quarter in fact some of those distributors orders will offset in the second quarter, so I think the second quarter will be a little tougher than the first.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Bisbee with Lehman Brothers.
Gary Bisbee - Lehman Brothers: Hey, Mike good afternoon.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Hey Gary how are you doing?
Gary Bisbee - Lehman Brothers: Good, thanks. Just a couple of question first of all what exactly does it mean that your putting together food and beverage and water care. Is that just in terms of reporting or is there sort of big structural change in terms of how its run how its sold?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: That's both. I mean they have been working together for some time. Both of the marketing for water cares bent to S&B accounts [indiscernible] accounts so that's kind of a natural alignment there and then secondly with Ecovation which is really addressing food and beverage accounts being reporting in to food and beverage and the fact that there are some synergies between water care and Ecovation just made all the sense of the world to consolidate that and strengthen the efforts.
Gary Bisbee - Lehman Brothers: Does that mean you put the sales force together its now managed by one person or one team of people that type of thing?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: They are separate one -- they are separate sales forces but the overall businesses are reporting into one individual?
Gary Bisbee - Lehman Brothers: Okay, you said there is no update on Henkel but could you give us any sense how much would you be willing to go above or beyond that the cap -- target you have set since it seems like a sort of a onetime thing would you doing on the gulf frame above that or is that still pretty high range?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: What Henkel actually says they are going to do, I mean its hard for us to comment before then if you look back in history when we bought Henkel out of joint venture our total debt and total capital went up to about 50%
Gary Bisbee - Lehman Brothers: Hello
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well that was it.
Gary Bisbee - Lehman Brothers: Okay, alright, and then, I guess just the last question on the GCS can you give us a sense of that $6 million loss, how much of that is sort of the ongoing systems spend versus the loss of the business, as this operating system spend.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: By that was what we called one-time.
Gary Bisbee - Lehman Brothers: Okay
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: As far I remember the GCS is its pretty much a fixed cost if you will business now so as you get sales you can get tremendous operating leverage so its kind of operating or sales are kind of below the break-even line if you will, and so as we continue to grow those sales which we think we will be able to do that double at your rate, you are going to see some significant operating improvement to offset that and that's how we think we break into profitability next year, particular as we also those one time cost go away.
Gary Bisbee - Lehman Brothers: Okay, and then is there last quarter you mentioned you would call the few account now that the system allows you to look much closer profitability for client, any sense that you are going to take more step in that direction or is it much more you just said just all about accelerating the top line?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: I don't think there is going to be any major ones, I think its -- we are focused on accelerating the growth and driving the growth.
Gary Bisbee - Lehman Brothers: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Hi Mike, couple of questions first of all I would just like to follow up on your comment on Kay they had relatively slow growth here in the first quarter and you expect double digit growth for the year, so I just want understand what its about what's the timing or how are you going to get to that accelerated growth, compared to which delivered in the first quarter?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well, first of all first quarter was other than comparising it's a very strong quarter in the last year was up about 16% in the timing and some distributors this year, so that s why it had a less growth -- again we expect very strong, we expect good double digit growth in the same quarter its got a very robust new customer pipe line, so we are very confident in the outlook for now for the second quarter for the balance of the year.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay, alright fair enough and this is something that I think was asked at least one time in this call but I would just like trying to get a little bit of feel where your program for Europe you got an headquarters relocated I guess retreating the sales force now kind of give us an idea where you are in putting in the foundation for the program so that we can look forward to actually reaping the rewards of this or is it all done and you are just now waiting to get attraction from all the efforts you have put in?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well in terms the sales force training we just started that around the beginning of the year we rolled out to most of the countries but that's going to take time to change as you can guess when you looking at human behavior so I think you are looking at probably end of the year, early next year before you see some material impacts but I can say already in the countries where you have been in the long that's where we are restarting to seeing some benefits in some metrics there like solutions for accounts, so that part showing positive sign but the EBS system the earpieces on, we don't make the person relation until the third quarter and that's in two countries and they will be rolling out over the next couple of years country by country or couple of countries at a time. So its going t take some time before you actually start to get some in that so I think that's more a 2009 before we start to see any meaningful impacts from that and really on EBS
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay so until that time, the way for us to judge your performance in Europe is what? Top-line growth or...
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yeah, you should start to see the top-line start to improve in 2009, as the benefit start to come along.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our nest question comes from John McNulty with Credit Suisse.
John McNulty - Credit Suisse: Hey. good afternoon. Two questions, first of all, with regard to the high fuel prices Ecolab has a lot of vehicles out on the road. Can you remind us how you actually deal with them, whether there's a fuel surcharge to your customers or was it just part of your general pricing increases that you tried to put through.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: It's part of the general pricing, John.
John McNulty - Credit Suisse: Okay. So there would be a bit of a lag between when you actually feel the pain coming in versus -- on the fuel side versus when you are actually recovering it on the price?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yeah, I mean, its like anything. The price goes up right away for us and then we role our pricing with customers as the contracts renews, the pricing agreements go into effect. But that's how you'll earn.
John McNulty - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then on the Latin America business. It seems like it took a pretty big step up. Is there anything kind of significant there or special there that maybe you had a one-time benefit or is it really just you finally got kind of it to scale and its really starting to hum on all cylinders.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: No, I think it's a story that is a good one particularly to start to look at some other things we doing elsewhere. We had lot of investments that we have been doing in Latin America in terms of people training programs etcetera, and we think they are starting to pay off and you have seen to have benefits of that.
John McNulty - Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks very much.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Amy Jon, sitting for Bob. Most of my questions were answered and then I have a one last. What's your outlook for the raw material cost of inflation? Whether you see or a material [ph], you are confident, your pricing part is fully offsite, the higher rose going forward.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well, I mean to think that we're looking at raws to be at, maybe about 5% or so this year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then you can... you maintain a 2% year-over-year price increase and then you think that 2% can fully offsite as 5%.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well, yes because raw materials are only about 20% of sales. So, the pricing goes now, all of your sales, the raw materials costs is only 20% of your sales. Analyst: Okay. And then obvious there is some soft in your sigh [ph] and underlying demand for your business have you seen... your customers give you push back on your pricing actions. Obviously because of superior service, Ecolab provides to your customers and then typically its hard to hire their competitors for those products and services. Have you seen any major push back.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Customers never really get excited about a price increase. So, Doug always says they always start with no and then you try and work back from there. So, no we haven't seen any material impact.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar - Citi: Hey Mike.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: hey PJ. How are you doing?.
P.J. Juvekar - Citi: Your new European headquarters, why wouldn't you include that in your CapEx and amortize that amount rather than take a special charge.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well, because they are operating costs. That's not capital. We're talking about relocations of people. We're talking about the cost of establishing a business operation, lower the accountants etcetera. So, its operating our capital.
P.J. Juvekar - Citi: And you did that for tax reasons, the headquarter relocation?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: The move to Zurich is multi purpose. I mean first of all, we need to create a Pan European operation. So you need a location for that we felt that Zurich was very attractive in terms of the incredible talent pool it's got because of the many multinationals that are based there. And second Zurich also has very attractive tax reasons and you are starting to see that flow through in our reduced tax rate and you'll see more of it in the future, so there is a lot of good reasons to do it.
P.J. Juvekar - Citi: Yeah but I'm not sure why you want to take a special charge for that if you're going to keep the tax benefit in the number. And the second question I have is the $0.01 dilution from Microtek and Ecovation, again why was it dilution of special charge. When you appear to do an accretive deal, would you take that accretion as a special charge also.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well let's go back to the Zurich deal, I mean, the special charge is only related to expenses that we feel are one-time in nature. So for example that's where you are moving a lot of people from one area to another one, so that's really a reason for a special charge. The other cost related to move are showing up in the corporate segment which is part of the P&L. And none of this, we think this is a very positive move PJ, especially when we look at the special charge this year will be -- end up being a positive as we said when you include that plan sale that will incur in the second or third quarter. So non of it, the special charge would be positive and the only reason we break all this stuff out is that you can have greater transparency to the actual underlying European and international business.
P.J. Juvekar - Citi: Yeah and anything about the dilution from Microtek and Ecovation. Why the dilution is a special charge?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: It's not
P.J. Juvekar - Citi: I though you said that $0.01 dilution maybe --
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: No, that's within our P&L. We have not included that in the line called special games and charges.
P.J. Juvekar - Citi: Okay, okay
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: All we did is we identified that as an item for your information.
P.J. Juvekar - Citi: And the second question I have on operations. Can you elaborate on your comments about restaurant traffic softening and related question is that do restaurant and lodging trend go hand in hand with each other?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well there are currently not doing that. I mean lodging continues to show good room demand trend and restaurants, we've seen restaurant traffic being fairly consistent with what has been for at least last year or so. So, all I was referring to is we're starting to see, if you will, are more of a tone change and institutional customers where they getting little more cautious because like everybody they are reading all the headlines about the economy, so its just little more caution from there since. But as you look at our numbers like we said for institutional, it grew 6% in the quarter. We've always said it's a 6% to 8% growth business, so its been a long-term growth trend.
P.J. Juvekar - Citi: Okay. And one last question on your water treatment business, I mean what are your ambitions in water treatment. How large do you want to get it and do you want to get -- go after all the industrial customers or stick to some of commercial customers.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: As we've always said we're focused on the middle market. We are not going after large industries and municipals. As you've seen we have made significant investment in the affluent water treatment with Ecovation for the food and beverage plants so. We are focused on our customers base, we want to continue to serve that customers, base serving at their water needs and we hope to continue to do so in the future but again you can see what are best of Ben, which is middle market.
P.J. Juvekar - Citi: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Robert Felice, Gabelli & Company. Your line is open.
Robert Felice - Gabelli & Company: Hey Mike. Most of my questions have been answered just have one or two more, I guess first how much of the operating income margin compression in U.S. cleaning and sanitizing was attributable to Ecovation at Microtek. And as the year progresses would you expect a similar level of year-over-year compression?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yeah, because actually if you look at excluding acquisitions margin expanded.
Robert Felice - Gabelli & Company: So, what was the absolute amount attributable to Ecovation and Microtek?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well, in gross margins it was 1.1 percentage points of the climb.
Robert Felice - Gabelli & Company: And that's for the entire P&L or for U.S. cleaning and sanitizing?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: For the entire P&L.
Robert Felice - Gabelli & Company: And if you were just to break it down in U.S. cleaning and sanitizing in terms of the operating income margin.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: You exclude it, Ecovation and Microtek, margins expanded for U.S. cleaning and sanitizing. I don't have a number, the margins number in front of me but profitability would have been up 7%.
Robert Felice - Gabelli & Company: Okay. And as the year progresses you expect a similar level of your rear compression.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yeah, because we are looking for -- well, I don't about the level of or the greater progression but we're looking for them to become accretive in the second half of the year.
Robert Felice - Gabelli & Company: Okay. And then how long do you think it talked before the business gets back to its pre-acquisition margin levels.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: You mean the Ecovation and Microtek?
Robert Felice - Gabelli & Company: The entire U.S. cleaning and sanitizing business in terms of the reported operating income margin.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: I don't know. I don't know. Let me give some thought and I'll get back to you Rob. I haven't really talked about that -- the terms of that.
Robert Felice - Gabelli & Company: Okay. I'll follow-up with you offline. Thanks.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Okay.
Operator: Our final question comes from Michel Morin with Merrill Lynch.
Michel Morin - Merrill Lynch: Hey Mike. Quick follow-up. I think Apex is being rolled out off, if I'm not mistaken purely aggressively. Is that are the dispensing equipment here mostly expense or capitalized and are we seeing a bit more than usual in terms of these kinds of costs falling through the P&L.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: The equipment itself has capitalized. There is some expense obviously on installing of that slower to the P&L.
Michel Morin - Merrill Lynch: Okay. It won't be relative to prior years. It's nothing unusual.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: No.
Michel Morin - Merrill Lynch: Okay and then --
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Its one of pacing that we're doing for the roll out.
Michel Morin - Merrill Lynch: Right. Okay, and then in terms of pricing you've been at 2% since the second quarter of FY06, if memory serves me right. Is that kind of a number that we should expect going forward or is there any hope that you might build to get that to 3. If we had an extra decimal point to the 2%, which way is it trending?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: I think that 2% is probably good number for now. I mean, it all depends on where we're seeing things go but at this point I think you should forecast at 2%.
Michel Morin - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks Mike.
Operator: At this time we have no additional questions.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well thanks everyone for your attention and your questions today. If you have any questions please let us know otherwise have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference. That does conclude the call at this time. Please disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-12 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael J. Monahan - VP, External Relations Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and CEO
Analysts: Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis Chris Shaw - UBS John Roberts - Buckingham Research Gary Bisbee - Lehman Brothers Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co. Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup Bruce Simpson - William Blair & Company, LLC Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research John McNulty - Credit Suisse First Boston Jonathon Grassi - Longbow Research Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder
Operator: Welcome to the Ecolab Fourth Quarter 2007 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. This call is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. Now, I would like the turn the call over to Mr. Michael Monahan, Vice President, External Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Thank you. Hello everyone and thanks for joining us. This webcast teleconference includes estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Some of the factors that could cause actually results to differ or described in the section of our most recent Form 10-K under Item 1A Risk Factors and in our fourth quarter earnings release. A copy of our earnings release is available on Ecolab's website at ecoloab.com/investor. Starting with some highlights from the quarter, reported fourth quarter 2007 EPS increased 32% reaching $0.45. Excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax benefits, earnings rose 18% to $0.40, hitting the top-end of our forecasted range. We enjoyed continued solid sales trends from our U.S. institutional, Pest, Kay, food and beverage and healthcare businesses. International also showed good sales gains as Latin America and Asia-Pacific rose double-digits, while Europe reported modest growth. We finished the year with EBITDA reaching almost $1 billion. It was a solid year of growth and important business development as we continued to deliver strong results while building for future growth. We expect another good year in 2008, as continued strong sales efforts, productivity and efficiency gains, pricing and cost savings drive growth, while acquisitions accelerate top line and create additional future opportunity. We'll use some of this strength in 2008 to make critical investments in our Europe and Asia-Pacific businesses to build future growth. For the full year, we look for pro forma diluted earnings per share, which excludes special gains and charges and discrete tax items, to be in the $1.84 to $1.88 range. These results will include about $0.02 of dilution from the Microtek and Ecovation acquisitions. Pro forma earnings, excluding that dilution, are expected to rise 12% to 14% to $1.86 to $1.90 per share. For the first quarter, we expect pro forma EPS in that $0.37 to $0.39 range. These results will include about a penny of dilution from acquisitions. Excluding that dilution, earnings per share are expected to increase 9% to 14% to the $0.38 to $0.40 per share range. In summary, we believe our business trends remain solid. We continue to expect yet another superior performance for Ecolab and believe that we are making the right investments to sustain attractive growth for the future. Turning to the details, Ecolab's reported consolidated sales for the fourth quarter rose 13%. Looking at the components, volume and mix were up 5%, pricing was up 2%, currency added 5% and the impact of acquisitions was 1%. Sales for U.S. Cleaning and Sanitizing operations increased 11%. Excluding the Microtek acquisition, sales rose 8%. Institutional sales rose 7%, showing good results. The division compared against a very strong period last year, when sales rose an exceptional 14% as we brought on significant business from a competitor. Fourth quarter 2007 sales growth continued to be healthy into the various end market segments including restaurants, healthcare, lodging and travel, as we effectively leveraged our customer demand for premium results, and energy and cost reduction with our legendary premium service, aggressive sales, new products, and increasing solutions per account to drive growth. We continue to make investments in new products, programs, and the sales force training and technology to help drive better service and increase customer solutions. The Apex rollout continues go as planned adding to growth in our market differentiation as it provides superior results and demonstrable costs savings to customers. The reaction by customers to this award-winning product has been excellent. We believe the fundamental outlook for institutional remains solid. Basic restaurant traffic trends as reported through November are similar to those we have experienced over the past couple of years. Though that may change with the softening economy, we believe our opportunities to grow within our customers' operations continues to be very attractive. Further, hospitality remains solid. In 2008, institutional will leverage its broad customer base, unit expansion by the chains, increased customer needs for solutions at effectively reduced costs and improved results, an aggressive sales efforts, to drive further superior growth and market share gains. We look for continued good growth from institutional once again in 2008. Kay's fourth quarter sales grew 9%. QSR's underlying business remains healthy with good ongoing demand for major, existing, and new fast-food chain accounts. Food retail business also showed good growth. New products and programs like the introduction of solids for QSR along with customer wins continue to bolster Kay's results. We expect these to help drive continued strong gains in the first quarter for Kay. Textile Care sales rose 5%, as sales growth for the division returned to more trend line rates of growth following annualization of last year's significant account wins. Textile Care added new plans from existing customers, continued to drive new product solutions and broaden its markets. We believe these initiatives will enable Textile Care to continue to produce further growth and better customer solutions. Reported fourth quarter sales for the Healthcare division more than doubled reflecting the impact of the Microtek acquisition in November. Excluding the impact of the acquisition, Healthcare sales rose a very strong 16%. Organic sales growth reflected continued solid end market demand for infection control products and expanded penetration within our existing base of group purchasing organizations and healthcare purchasing systems. Our wireless anti-bacterial and non-medicated skincare products showed continued double-digit growth. As previously announced, we completed the acquisition of Microtek Medical in November 2007. The integration is going very well and Microtek sales continue to show strong growth. Further, we have begun our efforts to cross sell our products and leverage Microtek's very strong operating room expertise. Looking ahead, first quarter 2008 Healthcare sales should show continued good sales growth and be bolstered by the addition of Microtek. Food & Beverage delivered a solid fourth quarter performance with sales up 9%, led by strong performances in the meat and poultry, food, beverage, and agri segments. The meat and poultry business enjoyed a robust quarter reflecting significant customer gains. Corporate account wins, better pricing, and new products have contributed to dairy plant sales growth. The Food & Beverage businesses also saw strong growth reflecting new account sales and the strength of our corporate account relationships. We expect continued good sales trends in the first quarter of 2008 as we focus on new account acquisition and continued expansion of our anti-microbial platform. As detailed in our release last week, we acquired Ecovation, a leading provider of affluent water treatment and renewable energy solutions, primarily for the food and beverage manufacturing industry in the U.S., including the diary, beverage, and meat and poultry producers. We're very exited by the potential it offers. Ecovation will help our customers effectively deal with increasingly difficult affluent treatment issues, as well as use our technology to help turn some of that waste back into energy that can be used by the plants in their operations. Ecovation is a rapidly growing company. Further, it will build on our existing expertise in engineering work that we have long performed in developing clean in play systems for our food and beverage plant customers. 2007 sales for Ecovation were approximately $50 million, having grown 10 folds since 2005. 2008 sales are expected to exceed $100 million. U.S food and beverage market alone for these waste solutions is estimated to exceed $4 billion, with fragmented competition providing us lots of opportunity for future growth. We expect this acquisition to be dilutive by up to $0.01 per share in 2008, due in part to profit on projects in process going to the balance sheet, similar to inventory step up in other acquisitions. We look for Ecovation to show a rapid growth and attractive profitability as we further develop its potential over the coming years. Water Care sales declined slightly in the fourth quarter. Gains in cooling water treatment as well as filtration were offset by a lower sugar and waste water application sales. We expect a continued focus on leveraging our circle the customer strategy, particularly within Food & Beverage to deliver sales improvement in the coming year. Vehicle Care sales decreased 1%. Results were impacted by unfavorable weather in November and December, which offset better pricing and sales of our new Rain-X and Solid Power products. Vehicle Care expects new account gains in its existing markets along with new market opportunities and investments in its sales force to yield good sales growth in the first quarter of 2008. Sales for U.S. Other Services increased 10% in the fourth quarter. Pest Elimination sales continued to show good growth, rising 11%. New account activity was driven by good profit account gains while non-contract service growth also contributed to the quarter. We continue to develop our programs to target specific market needs to provide better circle the customer penetration and better growth opportunities. We expect Pest Elimination to show similar good growth in the first quarter. GCS sales increased 8%, showing continuing good sales momentum. Sales to corporate accounts are developing well and the sales pipeline continues to look attractive. The new business systems are fully on line and we are now working through the system stabilization and optimization phase of the implementation. We're already seeing the benefits of the new system through better business transparency, which has helped our business decision making. The new systems give us improved transparency into customer account profitability. As part of the improved analysis, we identified and completed a contract change in the quarter that will improve contract profitability for 2008 and beyond. We incurred a charge to revise that contract. Adjusting for that contract charge and the system stabilization and optimization costs, GCS profitability improved over the third quarter and last year. Productivity is improving on the new systems and we expect significant gains as our people continue to build experience with new productivity tools. We expect continued good sales growth in the first quarter of 2008 and the year with improving profitability as 2008 progresses. Measured in fixed currencies, international sales increased 5%, when measured in dollars, reported international sales increased 16%. Europe, Middle East and Africa sales rose 2% in the fourth quarter at fixed currency rates. Excluding acquisitions and divestures, fixed currency sales rose 3%. When measured in dollars, EMEA sales increased 14%. Europe's institutional sales were flat. Good performances in developing countries in the east as well as the west were offset by slow sales in France and Germany. Flat consumption in catering accounts for manufacturers and declines in janitorial also impacted sales. Institutional launched Wash 'n Walk in the fourth quarter and we expect it to help drive sales in 2008. In addition, we have brought some talent, as well as selling programs from the U.S. Institutional division to Europe to help improve sales execution. These actions along with the fundamental sales training we have underway and our technology improvements are expected to help improve growth as they take hold. Food & Beverage sales showed a strong gain, benefiting from good product growth and equipment sales. Healthcare sales also showed good growth as infection control and cleaning room products both performed well. Textile Care reported moderate gains in the fourth quarter, while the Europe Pest business had lower sales. The decline in Pest in Europe primarily reflects the sale of our UK property services businesses in the third quarter, but also includes the elimination of a couple of larger but low margin contracts in the UK. Looking forward, we are beginning to see improvements in key metrics, including service delivery in the UK and new contract sales growth in France. As an update, on our work to improve Europe's performance, the business information systems development work continue to move ahead and is in the build stage. Multi-phase rollout will begin in summer 2008. We have also began rolling out training, metrics, and technology upgrades for the sales force focused on our key countries. While these improvements will take time to implement, they are critical to the fundamental development we need to make to achieve better growth in Europe. We are also getting our new regional headquarters prepared and expect to make the major staffing relocations this summer, as we build a Pan-European operating structure. While a cost to 2008, we remain confident these actions as they are implemented will lead to higher sales and profit growth and a more effective business model. We look for Europe's first quarter fixed currency sales to show modest growth, but look for better results in the coming quarters and years if the actions we are implementing take hold. Asia-Pacific sales grew 10% in fixed currencies. Excluding acquisitions, sales increased 8% as growth in East Asia, China, Australia, and New Zealand drove results. When reported in U.S. dollars, sales increased 20%. From a divisional perspective, institutional strong sales gains were driven by new products, including the launch of a new warewashing platform in Japan and by growth in the Market Guard program for retail stores. We achieved important account wins in casinos, catering, hotels, and restaurants, as well as the food retail markets. Food & Beverage sales also enjoyed strong growth lead by East Asia, Japan, and New Zealand. Both the beverage and brewing sectors continued to show good growth in Asia. The Food & Beverage division benefited from increased product penetration and account gains. Asia-Pacific expects continued strong sales growth in the first quarter. Fourth quarter sales for Ecolab's Canadian operations were up 6% in fixed currency and rose 21% when measured in U.S. dollars. Institutional sales were strong, benefiting from corporate account gains, accelerated street growth, and new products. Food & Beverage sales also improved, while Healthcare, Pest Elimination, and Vehicle Care each grew double-digits. Latin America has reported an outstanding performance with sales rising a very strong 13% at fixed exchange rates. When measured in U.S. dollars, sales rose 19%. Sales were excellent throughout the region as all divisions rose double-digits. Institutional growth was driven by new account gains, increased product penetration through the 360 degrees of protection program, as well as continued success with global and regional accounts. Food & Beverage sales reflected strong demand in the beverage and brewing markets, as well as the benefits of new accounts. Pest Elimination continued its outstanding performance throughout Latin America. Overall, we expect healthy growth trends to continue in Latin America. We expect Latin American sales to show another double-digit gain in the first quarter. Turning to the expense side of the income statement, fourth quarter gross margins decreased 20 basis points to 50.2%. Excluding the impact of Microtek, gross margins would have been slightly favorable. Improved U.S. margins, driven by sales leverage, pricing and cost savings initiatives, were offset by lower margins in the international segment, principally in Europe where pricing gains were more than offset by higher delivered product costs and an unfavorable business mix. SG&A expenses were 38.7% of sales, 30 basis points below last year. The SG&A ratio reflected leverage from our healthy organic sales growth that more than offset investments in business systems and efficiency, R&D and information technology. Turning to the segment profits; operating income for U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing increased 29%, driven by the higher sales and improved cost efficiencies and a resulting strong operating leverage which more than offset investments in the business. Operating income for U.S. Other Services decreased 5%. Continued profit gains at Pest Elimination were offset by systems deployment and stabilization and optimization costs in GCS, and a charge to exit an unprofitable customer contact. International fixed currency operating income was off slightly declining 1%. Latin America and Canada showed strong increases. Asia-Pacific profits were off due to infrastructure investments in Japan and China. Europe's operating income was down as sales growth was offset by higher delivered product costs and unfavorable product mix. Corporate segment includes special gains and charges which are also reported separately on the income statement. Special gains and charge for the fourth quarter included gains from a previously announced sale of a business in the UK of $5 million and the sale of a minority investment in a U.S. business of $6 million. Special gains and charges also included non-recurring costs related to relocation of the workforce to the new regional headquarters in Zurich. In addition to special gains and charges, the corporate segment included investments in the development of business systems and investments we are making to optimize a business structure as part of our ongoing efforts to improve our efficiency and returns. These investments partially offset the special gains and charges resulting in a $300,000 gain to the corporate segment in the quarter. Ecolab's fourth quarter consolidated tax rates was 29.7%, down from last year's reported 34.9%. Excluding discrete tax benefits from audit settlements of approximately $0.02 per share and the tax impact of the business divestments, the adjusted effective income tax rate for the fourth quarter 2007 was 34.3%. The decrease in the adjusted fourth quarter effective tax rate was due primarily to U.S. tax legislation, international tax rate reductions, and tax planning efforts. The net of this performance is that reported diluted net income per share for the fourth quarter was $0.45, up 32% over the $0.34 earned a year ago. Pro forma earnings were up to 18% to $0.40 when adjusted for the discrete tax benefit and special gains and charges. Turning to the balance sheet, Ecolab's total debt to total capital was 34% at December 31, compared with 39% reported a year ago when we pre-funded some euro debt. Adjusting for that pre-funding, the comparable prior year ratio was 29%. Our net debt at year-end 2007 was 31%. Following last week's acquisition of Ecovation, our total debt to total capital rose to 39% with net debt of 36%. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $76 million and capital spending for the quarter was $85 million. As you may have seen last week, we issued $250 million of seven-year notes due in 2015 with a 4.875% coupon to pay down commercial paper and for general corporate purposes. That's a review of the fourth quarter. In summary, Ecolab delivered yet another strong quarter. Our performance was the result of continued strong growth led by our U.S. and Latin America businesses, showing the strength and balance of our global business model. We also continue to use that strength to make ongoing investments in our sales and service force and double-digit investments in our R&D, information technology, and other key areas to sustain our future growth. Looking ahead to our guidance for 2008, we begin by cautioning these statements are based on current expectations. These statements are forward-looking and actual results may differ materially. These statements do not include potential impact of additional business acquisitions, divestures, higher than anticipated raw material price increases or other material events that may occur after the day of this webcast. This business outlook section should be considered in conjunction with the information on risk factors in our press release and our Form 10-K, which lists risk factors that may cause results to differ. In 2008, we expect another good year with solid sales growth, continued strong sales efforts, productivity and efficiency increases, pricing and cost savings, while acquisitions accelerate our top line in future opportunity. For the full year, we look for pro forma diluted earnings per share, which excludes special gains and charges and discrete tax items, to be in the $1.84 to $1.88 range. These expected pro forma earnings include approximately $0.02 of dilution from Microtek and Ecovation, putting pro forma earnings excluding dilution up 12% to 14% to $1.86 to $1.90 for the year. Please note these are pro forma numbers, which excludes special gains and charges and discrete tax items that we presently expect to net to a range of 0 to a positive $0.03 per share in 2008. This income statement line will include the sale of a plant in Europe that is expected to close later this year, as well as costs associated with the establishment of our European headquarters and move to Zurich. We think 2008 to be summed up as a year in which we continue to drive strong base business performance, which enables us to undertake the heavy investment underway in Europe to lay the foundation for improved top line growth, to start the new systems rollout and establish a regional headquarter in Zurich, Switzerland. It will also be a year in which we integrate two recently acquired businesses that will create exciting new growth opportunities for Ecolab. In the first quarter, we look for U.S. operations to show continued solid momentum. New products like the ongoing rollout of Apex, our new warewashing platform that provides unparalleled performance and energy and cost savings for our customers, as well as the first solids for QSR. New on-premise laundry products in the U.S. and Europe, and the new floor care line will provide further differentiation and opportunity and will help drive results. We look for international sales to again be led by strong growth from Latin America and Asia-Pacific as they offset moderate gains from Europe. We believe this will result in overall good fixed currency international sales growth. First quarter gross margins should be around 50% and reflect the impact of acquisitions. Selling, general, and administrative expenses are expected to come in around 39% of sales. Net interest expense should be around $16 million, reflecting the additional cost of debt associated with the Microtek and Ecovation acquisitions. We expect the effective tax rate in the quarter will be about 32% to 33%. Overall, currency translation is expected to benefit first quarter earnings. Finally, a reminder that the two recent acquisitions will be about $0.01 per share dilutive in the first quarter. As a result, we expect pro forma diluted earnings per share for the first quarter, excluding special gains and charges, to be in the $0.37 to $0.39 range, compared with $0.35 earned a year ago. Pro forma earnings, excluding the impact of dilution, should increase 9% to 14% to $0.38 to $0.40 per share in the first quarter. Looking to the remaining quarters, we expect sales and operating profit improvement in our U.S. Cleaning and Sanitizing, U.S. Other Services, and the international reporting segments will show progressively better year-on-year improvement through 2008. We expect good organic sales growth from our ongoing U.S. Cleaning and Sanitizing businesses along with profit improvement to more than offset dilution from the Microtek and Ecovation acquisitions. But the impact of that initial acquisition dilution may flow otherwise strong reported U.S. Cleaning and Sanitizing profit growth. US Other Services should show strong gains for the year as GCS improvement benefits the segment. International segment operating income is expected to show modest first-half growth, improving in the second half. Overall, we believe good growth from our operations along with improvement in our tax rate will yield increasingly attractive year-on-year EPS gains, driving yet another successful year at Ecolab. Also, please note the estimated effective tax rate discussed and its effects on reported EPS does not reflect the impact of discrete events that even when they occur are recognized in the appropriate period. And now here is Doug Baker to make a few comments.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good afternoon. Sorry, we have a microphone challenge here. I just wanted to offer a couple of comments and then we will open for Q&A. First of all, my perspective was '07 was a very good year for us. The business and team performed exceptionally well. We beat all three of our financial objectives and, as Mike just went through, we nailed EPS up over 16%, return on beginning equity was over our 25% target, and we remain an investment grade balance sheet. We also, probably most importantly, leave '07 with a very solid position. Our new business initiatives and our new innovations, particularly Apex, warewashing, dry-ex [ph], lubricants and F&B are perfectly positioned, particularly for the environment that we are dealing with moving into 2008. In a nutshell, the equation here is we can drive and focus on total cost reduction for our costumers and we ask them to give us $0.20 to $0.30 so that they can save a buck half on water and energy, and this is a very appealing pitch right now given the high energy costs and the overall softness. Also, Microtek and Ecovation acquisitions, I believe, are great businesses. We love their positions and we love the fact they are in the healthcare and also on the sustainability markets. These are the right markets to be in. We also have a better handle on our business than we ever had before. I think we have got a great handle on what our strengths are, what our opportunities are, what our weaknesses are, and what our threats are. Now, moving to '08, our assumption all along has been that 2008 would bring tougher market conditions. The bad news is it looks like our assumption was right. The good news is our business is as well positioned as it can be. We've got segment geographic diversification, we've got solid underlying moment, we got the right new product and new businesses, particularly given the time, we've got solid moment in a number of our businesses, and the team is focused on the environment and the challenge ahead. We are also continuing to invest in the long-term. Europe transformation is well under way and we love the end or the pot of gold that we see. Asia management infrastructure bets are in place and are already starting to bear fruit. Additionally, we are heading up on the corporate account sales side because we see great opportunities here, particularly in this market. So, we are confident and I'd also say, appropriately vary of the market. We expect what I'd call an unusual year and we are prepared to meet it. So, as we ahead forward, we've got I believe the right plans, we are moving, we view this is a market, this can to have some potholes that we will navigate around, but just as importantly, there's going to be some unique opportunities that we also want to capitalize on. Given our strength, our team, and our market position, frankly we expect to capitalize and gain share as we move on throughout the year. So, those are my thoughts in '07 and '08 and with that, I'll put it up to questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today comes from Mike Harrison with First Analysis.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis: Hi, good afternoon, gentlemen.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hello.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis: Dough, regarding the Ecovation acquisition, can you talk about how that equipment-oriented business fits into Ecolab's overall more service-oriented business model and may be what changes you are planning to make in the way you go to your food and beverage customers with this new product offering?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Mike, I guess I will characterize it as principally an engineering business backed by really strong intellectual property portfolio. And a little backdrop, a key part of our F&B offering has always been in-plant engineering, it's how we put in cleaning and place systems, and it's been central to us building the position that we have had over the years. Ecovation is principally engineering, albeit it's got also a construction component, but that's been completely outsourced from Ecovation, and we continue to view that as an outsource option as we move forward. So, how are we going to restructure? There is not a great deal of restructure. Ecovation, all the folks have stayed with us, they are very excited about the possibilities. We have got great penetration into the markets. Their offering is best suited for us. So really what we are is on the gas, getting after talking to customers about the opportunities Ecovation technology represents in terms of driving savings for them. It could bring huge water savings, energy... renewable energy savings et cetera for food plant.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis: Okay. And then can you talk a little bit about your expectations for raw material cost inflation in '08? And obviously Europe is an area of concern when it comes to keeping pace with pricing, but any other geographies or divisions where you are concerned about your ability to keep pace with the higher cost to serve?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we estimate the raw materials in aggregate are going to increase two to three points. So that's the level of inflation we are going to have. Europe... here is what I would say. Europe is probably the place that is usually going to be under the most pressure. We will catch up over time via pricing and cost savings. So we may not catch up in any one quarter as these things roll through. We have seen this before in Asia, Latin America, in North America, and we are confident of our ability to recover and recapture these cost increases over time.
Michael J. Harrison - First Analysis: All right, thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michele Morin with Merrill Lynch, your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good afternoon guys. This is Dan Fazuka [ph] on behalf of Michele.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Hey Dan.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Hello Dan.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, just a couple of questions here. First one on Vehicle Care, could give a little bit more color what happened there? I think if I look back to the last conference call you had expected some decent growth there. So it looks like it was a bit of a disappointment; was that weather-related or there is something else going on there?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Dan, the business, we continue to increase the percentage of car washes served, and those metrics continue to move in the right direction. I mean, what we attribute it to is bad weather pattern in the 13 weeks. From an operating income and all the rest of it, it's was a very positive quarter for that business.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then you've made... obviously been making some efficiency investments over the last few quarters or so. Any traction that you're seeing there, anything you can share with us in terms of anecdotal evidence?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Probably the best evidence is if you look at the underlying business, we continue to expand operating income margin and pro forma, I think, went up another 10 basis points, probably a third or fourth in a row that we have expanded total margin while making really significant investments in the business. So, I guess I pointed the macro picture as the best indicator.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then just a follow-up to the earlier question on raw material costs. Did you mention how much that was up year-over-year in the fourth quarter, and for the full year?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: It's kind of flat for the quarter.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It had regional differences. It was basically flat for the year, up in Europe on the year, and up in the second half versus first half.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then just looking forward, obviously it's going to be tough environment '08 and potentially beyond that. Any thoughts as to your room for cutting... or room or appetite for cutting the R&D budget if you need to reduce cost in that type of environment?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Dan, here is what I would say. I mean, we... that's not where we would go. I think the investments we made in innovation pay out handsomely and we can't put innovation on a yo-yo, up and down. We clearly are going to have an... have already put in place very tight expense controls and the rest, because it's important that we protect our investments in these times. Just as we did when we had raws moving against this dramatically in '05, we continue to invest and deliver, right? We are doing a lot of the same things right now. We are looking at reprioritizing some projects that bring short-term benefit given the changing raw market et cetera. So we are doing all the things that I think you would have expect us to do, which is make sure we are doing the smart things in the short-term, but protecting the long-term investments.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks very much guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Shaw with UBS.
Chris Shaw - UBS: Yes, hi, good afternoon.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Chris.
Chris Shaw - UBS: I guess, firstly, the margins in Cleaning and Sanitizing in the fourth quarter were up about 200 basis points; was there anything last year that affected that or is it just really that this strikes you as a good performance?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: I think that there was actually a good performance out there. If you remember, last year we were benefiting from the volume gains out of JohnsonDiversey when institutional was up 14%. So we have got good leverage out of the business. I think if you look at the other divisions within Cleaning and Sanitizing, they are also doing better than last year. So, I think it was overall the broader volume and better performance across the board for C&S.
Chris Shaw - UBS: Did you guys say what kind of pricing you got? I missed that.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yes, we said that consolidated was rounded up to 2%.
Chris Shaw - UBS: Okay. And then asking about Europe, I guess the underlying markets there really aren't... don't seem that much worse than the U.S., and so exactly do you have a feeling as why sales are sort of strong there right now? I known you are taking some actions, it looks like; I mean, do the European just not fall for the hard Ecolab sale and the shiny white coats or do you have any ideas exactly?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, think actually white coats originally came from Europe.
Chris Shaw - UBS: Oh, really?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, I am just... here is what I would say. I think as we... if you go back, what we've talked about Europe is, we do not believe our sales execution has been as sharp in Europe. I will say it's gotten better. We are also making sure that we expand and have adequate, what I'd call, sales fire power in Europe. We had I think the wrong mix of folks focused on service and too few folks focused on bringing in new business. And we have been moving that needle. There was an improvement in '07 organic sales rate in Europe versus '06 and we planned to continue driving that. So, I don't believe the numbers we see out in Europe are not the numbers that we are planning on delivering over the long haul.
Chris Shaw - UBS: Okay, thanks. And then just quickly, when does Ecovation close the deal?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: In the last week.
Chris Shaw - UBS: Okay, sorry. Thanks.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Roberts with Buckingham Research.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Afternoon guys.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Hi, John.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Would you characterize your acquisition pipeline right now? You've closed on two, they look like they are going to be pretty good long-term with some short-term dilution. Do you have other things near-term?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, John, this is always... I guess, if you went back a year ago, after a few lean years of acquisition activity, we said we expected the '07 pipe to bear fruit because we saw a change in the market, particularly in the mid-year. Yes, I mean, I think we are still... we like the opportunities that we have. We are going to continue to be choiceful, make sure that these are opportunities that have significant upside, and we like to price. Pricing is... the market has definitely changed, probably to the benefit of strategics; but it's not like stuff's out there for free.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Okay. And then on GCS, have they completed their customer review with the new systems or is it just the beginning of a process that it's the first one that popped out as they were getting into this?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I would say, I would characterize, will there be other customer situations? I am not going to say there won't be anything else as we go through the GCS story. I don't expect there is going to be anything of this size.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Bisbee with Lehman Brothers.
Gary Bisbee - Lehman Brothers: Hey, guys, good afternoon.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: How are you, Gary?
Gary Bisbee - Lehman Brothers: Good, thanks. Following up on that last one. Can you tell us what the size of that charge for the customer elimination at GCS was?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yes, it was $0.5 million.
Gary Bisbee - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then what... are you willing to share what the loss at GCS business was this quarter? And then are we still on track with your thoughts that you might have sort of a $12 million delta from '07 to '08 as that business continues to scale in terms of profitability?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yes, the total loss was a little under $6 million for GCS in the quarter. Now, remember, that included, as we said, the charge on the contract as well as the stabilization and optimization costs, but we continue to expect that GCS is going to have improving profitability as we go through the year and as we go forward in the future year's. No, it's not going to be exactly a straight line, but for this year, we are expecting a delta of about $0.03 or so.
Gary Bisbee - Lehman Brothers: Okay. You said early on, Mike, in your remarks critical investments in Europe and Asia-Pacific. And then I think you later mentioned may be technology and sales force training. Is there anything more you are willing to share about what those investments are?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: For Europe?
Gary Bisbee - Lehman Brothers: Yes, I think you said Europe and Asia-Pacific.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well, I think we have been through the Europe investments, which include the sales force training, the technology, we're rolling out laptops and we will be rolling those out this year in Europe. And also metrics have started to rollout in Europe as well. And those things will be very critical to, as Doug said, trying to improve the sales effectiveness. In China and Japan, we have been brining in some headcounts, some ex-pats as well to try and strengthen the management team and marketing side of the business.
Gary Bisbee - Lehman Brothers: Okay.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Did I answer your question, Gary?
Gary Bisbee - Lehman Brothers: Yes, definitely. And then pro forma excluding the dilution from the acquisitions, you are guiding for 12% to 14% earnings growth and in recent quarters and at your Investor Day and what not you sort of talked about 15% being a target. Is the difference there just you are taking into account the fact that the U.S. and probably global economies will be somewhat weaker or is there anything else that really is driving that difference? I guess I am trying to gauge how conservative this may be relative to restaurant sales in the U.S. weakening and other economic factors. Thank a lot.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, really it's because we delivered 16 in the last two year's. So we figured we were overdue. Just kidding. I think 15% is absolutely our target and I think we have also said that it's not a governor, there is not a sealing on it and it's not an absolute floor. And so what we are trying to represent with our estimate looking out for the year is; one, we've got some transformation projects, we've got some, I think, very exciting acquisitions, and you've got some unstable markets. So, those are probably the best reasons that it's 12% to 14%.
Gary Bisbee - Lehman Brothers: Okay, thanks for all the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: Good afternoon.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Laurence.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: I guess, first of all, I just wanted to make sure I heard that right. It sounds as if you're pricing outpaced raw materials for the year by about 2%. Is that about right?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Not far off.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: Okay. And then I guess just looking at --
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: And Laurence, that was 2007, right?
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: Yes.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yes.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: And then for... digging into on the Kay side, what are you seeing in terms of QSR demand in January and February? And what's the outlook for... what are sort of the trend in terms of account win in that market?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I'll go on the back half. Here is what I'd say. We expect to have a very strong year in our QSR business in 2008, and it's principally driven, which is what you got to do in the business in total, is driven by account wins. And we've got softer markets like this. We go on share campaigns because we can't control absolutely how many people walk into a restaurant, how many people check into a hotel. What we can control is how many restaurants and hotels buy from us. And Kay has been on very aggressive new business campaigns and very successful ones, and we expect to have a very good year this year.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: And then when you look at the Ecovation acquisition, how much of the expected growth is coming out of dairy versus related end markets? I know that the prior management team was targeting sort of the ethanol industry as the next leg for their technology.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, and Laurence, we see 60% of the growth coming out of the dairy market, whereas you know, it fits well and it's got... we've got high penetration.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: And can any of that technology then be applied eventually to your traditional lodging or... lodging or restaurant market?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We don't have a definitive answer there. We are obviously looking at it. There is a whole separate product line that really isn't as capital-intensive and more designed for smaller applications. And so we are looking at just that. But clearly, it's going to lead us to an understanding on how to improve the sustainability offering we have in food service ultimately as well.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: Okay. And then one last quick one if I may is can you give the outlook over the next couple of years, say two-three years for whether there is any surges in CapEx, IT, or sales force training that might be sort of a little bit lumpy over the next two-three years?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Nothing we can think of, Laurence.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think the history of our capital spend is probably a good guide.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Co.: Okay, thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from P.J. Juvekar with Citi. Your line is open.
Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup: Good afternoon.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Hi, P.J.
Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup: I have a question on healthcare. Do you guys need to make more acquisitions to round out your portfolio, and what do you need to become the national provider in healthcare?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Was that do we, was that a question or did you say we need to?
Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup: What do you need to do? I mean, do you need more acquisitions?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: P.J., what I would say is we are looking for additional acquisitions, but we don't need them to succeed. I think if an acquisition presents itself that's going to accelerate our ability to realize our vision, we will capitalize on it. But now given... we believe we've got the scale and also the offering we need to go push and drive this.
Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup: At your Analyst Day, Doug, you talked about having a suite of products where you can go in and sanitize an operating room. Do you feel that you have that suite of products today?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We've got much more of it in hand than not in hand, and we have a couple of products that we would like to add. We have the technology and we'll work on the registrations. And if an acquisition presents itself to accelerate that we would go that route too. But I don't think it would be fair to say that without an acquisition we can't get there.
Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup: Okay. And what are your sales in healthcare today and where do you see them going, let's say, by 2010?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well, in the U.S. they are around 300 following the acquisition. And it's about 175-200 in Europe.
Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup: So, where do you see them in a year? Is that... you talked about billon dollar... making a billion dollar business, but near-term, three years, what do you see?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we expect to be growing these businesses double-digit organically, right? And we also expect that we will end up adding some acquisitions down the road.
Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup: Okay.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: The double-digit organic growth does not depend on buying more businesses.
Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup: Okay. And one more sort of question on strategic issues. This Ecovation acquisition, that's mostly in food and beverage for water treatment; do you have any ambition to get into broader water treatment area outside of just F&B?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We have a small water treatment business now. Our focus in this area is F&B and really a subset of what I think the traditional market calls the middle market.
Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup: Okay.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We are not interested in chasing power plants.
Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bruce Simpson with William Blair & Company, your line is open.
Bruce Simpson - William Blair & Company, LLC: Hi, guys
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Bruce.
Bruce Simpson - William Blair & Company, LLC: Just another involved here, Mike, can you give us the full year or quarterly operating cash flow and CapEx number again please?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yes, the cash from ops was 254, depreciation was 76, and CapEx was 85.
Bruce Simpson - William Blair & Company, LLC: Okay. And then focusing on GCS for a minute, I think you said the operating loss in the quarter was about $6 million.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Just under.
Bruce Simpson - William Blair & Company, LLC: What does that make it for the full year?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: I would put it at $18 million, $19 million.
Bruce Simpson - William Blair & Company, LLC: So you talked about delta of perhaps $0.03 in earnings for 2008 over 2007, which I guess is kind of on the order of $12 million or something. So would it be safe to say that you are thinking the GCS still losses money on the operating profit line in'08, but at a rate of 0.5 or less than what it lost in '07.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean 18 minus 12 would be 6 and is about the numbers we are talking about, and importantly would be the run rate in the second half.
Bruce Simpson - William Blair & Company, LLC: Okay. And so as you exist the year here, I mean, how did that division live up to your expectation? Did you expect to still be putting this much into it and having it kind of exit the year with the largest quarterly loss of the year or is it a heavier IT investment that you had anticipated and where do you see kind of development of that business relative to one year ago?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I mean, Bruce, I mean, we were planning nor pleased with how we ended up performing in GCS for the year. If you breakout the quarter, certainly there were incremental one-time impacts moving from the four systems to the one. The one is up and running, and starting to provide us the transparency we hoped form, but it was a more expensive and a bit more painful than we have hoped for. So, no, we are not pleased with how GCS performed last year. They were off the plan and they were also off our expectations.
Bruce Simpson - William Blair & Company, LLC: Okay. Given all that kind of lack of visibility in the business, what gives you confidence that you are going to be able to cut its loss in two-thirds here in the upcoming year? Is it because you've got the four to one system in the rearview mirror now or is it... are beginning to show a little bit better sales growth rate so that you expect a little bit more leverage or other cost savings?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Here is what I would say. We clearly have turned the top line on GCS, which ultimately is the key to driving this business to profitability. And even during the second half when we were going through the heavy systems integration, we continued to see tech productivity move the right way. We now have transparency in to the business, right? The system is up and running. And to make it clear, you can see where the rocks are much clearer. And so, when you look at this delta next year, one of the important things is obviously the cost of system integration are behind us, right? And they are not going to be foreseen in 2008. So with that said, we are going to have to keep driving the core metrics. We have customer satisfaction of 96% and we measure it after every call, the highest we have in the company. We have got growing top line, improved productivity, and now we got to get after some of the potholes that we have seen more clearly as a result of the system.
Bruce Simpson - William Blair & Company, LLC: Okay. My last thing is you have got a very aggressive growth rate bundled into Ecovation; how is it going to go from $50 million to $100 million in sales? And what's the longer term opportunity, how big of a business can that be for you?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Bruce, I think we said in the release it chases an opportunity we equate to $4 billion. So, this is a sizable opportunity in front of us. And we have got tremendous penetration in the most attractive market, right? Existing relationships, we have got a lot of know-how of the operation, can probably best dimensionalize for them what kind of savings this technology can represent for the customer. It's a fairly long selling pipeline. So, you got transparency into what's on the books, but not yet installed. So, it's a lot easier for us I think to predict in some cases than other businesses.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: It's also a big ticket item, Bruce; I mean, the typical plan is somewhere in the $3 million range. So, it adds up quick.
Bruce Simpson - William Blair & Company, LLC: Okay. Is there some economic sensitivities there that you could have in jeopardy as the year goes on if we have a slowdown?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You can't say no to any economic jeopardy in any business. We've looked at this, the principal market, the food and beverage customers, typically have a fairly steady flow of capital expenditures. They aren't hit economically like some of the other industries or nearly as cyclical, plus what I would say is this has got a very attractive return profile, and given the increased energy costs and the pressure on water, I think that's going to more than offset the economic uncertainty.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: And one thing I would add, Bruce, is as we mentioned, it's a $4 billion market, we are still very early in this. So, you've got a lot of room within the market at this point too.
Bruce Simpson - William Blair & Company, LLC: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with J.P. Morgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: Hi, good afternoon.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jeff.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: You spoke of your Asian spending being something or the increased nation's spending which necked the international margins. Is that to develop an infrastructure in China in advance of the Olympics, and how much more of your spending... or how much did you spend this quarter than you did in the previous year quarter?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Jeff, as we said earlier, it's primarily revolved around additional people in terms of management and marketing people, some ex-pats that we brought over the strength of the management teams in both Japan and China. We are also doing some infrastructure stuff, but it's not related necessarily to the Olympics as much as it is to set ourselves for the next stage of growth for China. We've grown rapidly over the last five to ten years there, and it's time for us to build a better infrastructure for growth going forward.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: In general, how much are you spending in Asia than you were in the previous year. How much more do you plan to spend next year?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: I don't have the number in front of me, Jeff. It's several million dollars though, in additional costs just for the headcount. We've also got some... the infrastructure projects, but I just don't have the number in front of me on that.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Jeff, I'd say we look... we are bullish on China and Asia in general over the long haul as an emerging market, and we want to make sure that we continue to have the management team in place to see our way to leadership share. So, I think it's a smart investment in total for the corporation; it's not a sizeable investment, but certainly it will impact the business a size of China and Asia in total.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: Secondly, in your international operations, is Europe more than half of international or less than half of international now?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Europe represents a third of our total sales, it's about two-thirds of our international sales.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: Two-thirds of international. So, if Europe is two-thirds of... okay, that's fine. Europe is two-thirds of international. In terms of the headquarters, you are building I think in Switzerland, do you get any tax benefits from that in headquartering in Switzerland or is that where you are already?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We really haven't previously had what I would call a headquarter in Europe. We are establishing one in Zurich. And the reasons for this are a couple. What we are doing in Europe is basically building the model that we execute elsewhere, which is we want our business teams focused on sales growth, innovation, and taking care of customers. And we will run across the region major functions like product supply, R&D, finance and the like. This is exactly how we are setup in North America, and also set up in sub regions in the other parts of the world. So that's what we're establishing. The reason we're doing it is, it's a better business model and we know that it promotes growth. Secondarily, we're establishing it where there are other benefits and we do expect there will be tax benefits down the road, likely too.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: So all this controversy now about whether the U.S. is in recession or not in recession, if you look at so many different markets, how does the economy seem to you? Does it seems to be in recession or not and are you seeing any signs of softness in your business or how is your business now different than what its was, say three months ago?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Jeff, there is not... these things don't move in real jagged steps so, our observation probably isn't that much different than anybody else. Clearly, the U.S. has got probably the early depression like conditions in housing, right, in housing-related products, some other markets are probably being affected. You can read the consumer spending and everything else. We rarely see one-to-one correlation, never have in the past in our business; we frankly don't expect too going forward.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: I guess lastly, is South America bigger than Asia for you or is Asia bigger than South America?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Asia is bigger.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Asia is bigger.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: About twice as big.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: Twice as big, okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Good morning or good afternoon, I should say. A couple of questions; first of all, as you look at what's likely to happen in the U.S., whether we get into a recession or not, I think consumer spending probably will be down a little bit. I think we talked in the past about the fact that you don't really see a drop off necessarily in number of times people are dining out, but they do tend to move down market in tougher times. To the extent that your QSR business, your Kay business is a little bit lower volume, lower margin I should say than the institutional business. Do you expect to see a negative mix component; if in fact we do see tougher economic conditions and people tend to go to McDonald's more than Applebees?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We have been through this previously. The Kay business is a very profitable business on an operating income level. There are different structures under these businesses. As people trade and they don't need on a plate in order to rather have everybody eat on a plate that needs to be washed obviously. But I guess, back to your original point, here is what we're driving towards. The best way to offset these times, what we did in the past is to be on major offensive in term of getting new customers, which is exactly what we are doing. Well, there was a question earlier about QSR looks softer, QSR is going to be strong, all we know is we are going to drive in every one of these segments to increase our share of restaurant, hotel, hospitals and nursing homes. It's the only sure way to offset what might happen, which might be a slowdown.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay, thanks. And then the second question on GCS, going back to the $6 million loss that's shown in the quarter, which was a little bit hard, not a little bit, significantly higher than perhaps we were expecting before the quarter. And it sounds like you only expect to get about $12 million delta next year, so you are still going to end the year at loss. Are you still on target to get to breakeven by the fourth quarter and is it just that the loss is between now and the fourth quarter are going to be steeper or do you expect to come out of 2008, still what is being a money losing operation?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. When we are talking about our plan numbers, which right, we intend to hit and by and large, we're successful hitting them. So with that said, if we hit those numbers; that would indicate that you'd be leaving the year to roughly a breakeven position.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay, so that's still your intention is to basically enter 2009 with this being a profitable business and getting more profitable?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay. And then the follow-up question on that, you've made all these investments, you've put in new systems and you're trying to find national accounts so it should be going better now and you should see significant improvement. How long is your patience so to speak, or is there a timetable for this business to start surprising on the positive side rather than a negative side? Or are you at the point right now where you're pretty sure that this is a keeper and just a matter of tweaking the business model may be a little bit further to get it to perform solidly as the rest of your businesses?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I will give you two sentences, I guess. We believe in this business. It chases a big market in our sweet spot. And with that said, we're also business people and we don't have patience that runs on into infinity. So, if there is a time as we've said before where we do not believe in the long-term profitability of this business, like all others we won't keep it.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay Doug. And then final question on Ecovation. As you go from $50 million to $100 million this year in revenues and hopefully, sustain double-digit growth in that business going forward, what should we see on the margin impact then, where are the margins now roughly and at what time period do you expect them to get to the corporate averages, assuming that they are below corporate average currently?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well, the margins when we bought the business were pretty comparable to get intangible amortizations, et cetera, drops it down, but we think within next the next 3 or 4 years we'll see them as Ecolab levels.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay. And in three or four years this would be presumably $150 million to $200 million, it's not going to be an insignificant improvement then?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Exactly.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research: Okay. Thank you very much guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from John McNulty with Credit Suisse.
John McNulty - Credit Suisse First Boston: Yes, good afternoon. Just a few quick questions. On the Microtek business, were the sales up roughly the same as what your overall business was, were they better, were they worse?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Microtek sales continued to grow in the upper single-digits for the period that we have had them, which is only 45 days. So it's been pretty much in line with our history. We think that obviously we are going to get better growth from that as we are able to develop cross-selling and other things with them.
John McNulty - Credit Suisse First Boston: Okay. You had also said earlier, I guess to one of the other questions; the healthcare business was roughly 300 U.S. and 150 to 200 in Europe. Does that include all the hospital Ecolab type healthcare applications or is it strictly infection control?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: John, if I said 300, I was mistaken, 200 in the U.S. and about 175 or so in Europe. If we look at total Ecolab sale to the healthcare market, it's obviously much bigger, it's around 15% of the sale, but as you know that includes Pest Elimination, ware washing et cetera.
John McNulty - Credit Suisse First Boston: Okay, great. And then with regard to Europe and the work that you are putting in there, at what point do you think we should be seeing the typical Ecolab type revenue growth out of that area? Is it something we can start to look to upper single-digit in 2009 or is this an even longer fix than that?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes John, we take North America and we break it apart into different divisions. If you went to Europe, there we are running six divisions here; we've got divisions which are producing Ecolab like results right now. We've got regions that are double-digit. Really, what Europe boils down to, is we've got to get Germany and France particularly in institutional moving in the right direction. If you take those out, the business is growing, 6% plus for the year.
John McNulty - Credit Suisse First Boston: Okay. When do you think... maybe a better question then is when do you think those countries can be at more Ecolab type growth rates?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. It will take a couple of years to get those guys up. But I think importantly, the rest of the business has responded in the last couple of years. We were growing 6% outside of those countries. So we are pushing those things. We expect and we're very confident we're going to see sales continue to tick up in Europe over the next two to three years.
John McNulty - Credit Suisse First Boston: Okay. And then just one quick question on the tax rate. It looks like you're looking for 100 to 200 basis point improvement on the tax rate. What's driving that and what should we think about in term of the tax rate going forward, is this kind of as low as to gets, should you kind of keep creeping lower or how should we think about that?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well, we are getting benefits from the tax planning efforts that we've done, generally regarding our company in terms of structures and the way we organize the business. Number two is, we are also getting benefits currently from lower rates internationally, and specially for example, the German U.S. Treaty. And then third, as we go forward, we expect to get additional benefits, among them from the move to Zurich, as well as additional efforts will take in our tax planning areas.
John McNulty - Credit Suisse First Boston: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathon Grassi with Longbow Research.
Jonathon Grassi - Longbow Research: All of my questions have been asked. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Rosemarie Morbelli with Ingalls & Snyder
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder: Good afternoon and thank you for taking my call. Back on the Ecovation, you talked about getting the profitability to Ecolab level over the next two or three years. Given the fact that you have a lot of construction which you are going to outsource, are we to expect gross margin to lower your overall gross margin, but then you make it at the operating income level.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Rosemarie, Doug. Absolutely, I mean the business and this is how this business has been run to-date. So this isn't a change in our business model, but absolutely and generally the way we compare businesses is at operating income margin level because there is such different structures in the P&L.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: And Rosemarie, that's true for Microtek as well; that same situation where the gross margins are lower, but the operating margin potential is certainly as good as Ecolab.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder: So when you look at the first quarter gross margin of 49% to 50%, we don't really have the full impact of those two acquisitions in the first quarter, I mean we should, but it's not that much slower than what you had in the fourth quarter?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That's a gross margin question, correct?
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder: Yes, Correct.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You've got the full impact of Microtek, and you've got two months of Ecovation.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. So going forward for the balance of the year, your gross margin actually most likely will decline versus that of the first quarter. And then your SG&A will decline as well in order to show some operating margin improvement, am I looking at this properly?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, you've got some step-up going on within Microtek, which is temporarily impacting gross profit during the period, which goes away. And in Ecovation, the equivalent step-up falls into SG&A, so that officially inflates SG&A during the first quarter period and that too abates over time.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well, it also goes back Rosemarie, as we've said before why we focus on operating income because as we enter into businesses, which have different models that can produce a light, you may have differences in what the gross margins and SG&A will have. So as we bring these businesses, which traditionally have had lower gross... lower SG&A, but good operating margins, you will have an impact on the gross margins, SG&A of Ecolab going forward.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. Any particular competition on the Ecovation side, what are you dealing with mainly existing municipality, I mean treating the influential or can you give us a better feel as to the environment in which you are operating?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: It's pretty fragmented Rosemarie, I mean there is one sole competitor that competes with... it's privately held I believe, that competes with Ecovation. Otherwise, you are looking at these big pools that they use, aerobic pools, so it's a pretty fragmented competition.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. And if I understood probably you are going in there and you are going to build your own cesspool so to speak and they will benefit from a lower cost of operating it and savings in energy by reusing the spent water? Where is the energy savings?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well, Rosemarie, it is an awful term, we wouldn't call it a cesspool. We call it an affluent treatment facility.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder: Yes, that's nicer.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yes, it is, and it's a contained facility on the site in which the wastewater enters and through a series of pipes and filtration, the wastewater is cleaned and the waste itself is separated and that waste can be turned into energy such that a plant can actually reduce its energy usage by 30% by using that actual waste that comes off of the site. So I think that cesspool is not anywhere near an accurate statement, it is much more sophisticated than that and the cost savings benefits are much more attractive.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay, that is helpful. And on the Microtek side, are you making progress in dealing with insurances and other entities, I mean helping them look at hospital acquired infection? Is that something that, if my understanding is correct, you were expecting major issues coming from this which would help your selling those products by eliminating them? This is not very clear but...
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, there are two things. One, I guess our expectation was the reimbursement process in the States, as well as in Europe would continue to evolve to the point where hospitals are reimbursed by procedure, versus for stays they get a fixed amount, that's in fact what is occurring and we figure that's going to be one of the keys long-term, because if you end up contracting an infection on premises, the hospital is going to bear the cost of the additional days in the hospital, which gives them a direct economic incentive to get after this, that is a direction that the market is moving in. From a Microtek standpoint, we are actually in our health infection standpoint, we are in trial with several large and very well known hospital groups, developing our thesis, if you will, at the our clinical data so that we can go out more broadly.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder: And how long do you think it will take for you to have enough data that you can go to every hospital in the country, and really push those product lines through.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: One I would say we are already pushing. We are growing this business at double-digit and we are pushing it quite aggressively, and we plan to continue to do that. We aren't precluded from pushing it right now. The data frankly is just important, so that the hospital actually adopts the whole portfolio as opposed to selective pieces. So what we're trying to do is make sure that we do the homework so that we can go after this in a very aggressive way.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder: So you don't think that after you have done the homework and demonstrated that well, they are not getting reimbursed for this infection and that infection in turn you would suddenly in one particular year see an enormous trend?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Unfortunately that's not the way our business works. I mean lot of people consider double-digit enormous, I guess it depends on your industry. We need to keep driving this all, we would expect to be building this over several year period. We wouldn't expect 30% of the hospitals in any one year to flip to us.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. And then lastly, if I may, could you give us more details on the changing mix in Europe, it seems as though it has deteriorated?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Pardon me. Rosemarie could you explain... you said the mix of --
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder: You said that one of the reason why is the margin declined in Europe, had to do with a negative mix and I was wondering what you were feeling less off which had higher margins then the rest?
Douglas M. Baker, Jr. - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Rosemarie, the mix comment on Europe was really related to equipment, sales on behalf of F&B. It is usually a good sign, because you are putting equipment in new accounts, and generally equipments goes in before they starts flowing.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. Thanks for it. Thank you.
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well, thank you everyone for you attendance today and we wish you all take a good care.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference. That does conclude the call at this time. You may disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-23 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael J. Monahan - VP, External Relations
Analysts: Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company John Roberts - Buckingham Research Gary Bisbee - Lehman Brothers Dmitry Silverstein - Longbow Research Edward Yang - CIBC World Markets Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Bruce Simpson - William Blair & Company, LLC Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder LLC Chris Shaw - UBS Mark Gulley - Soleil Securities Robert Felice - Gabelli & Company Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan
Operator: Welcome to the Ecolab Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Michael Monahan, Vice President, External Relations. Sir you may begin.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Hello everyone and thanks for joining us. This webcast teleconference includes estimates of future performance. These are forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from those projected. Some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ are described in the section of our most recent Form 10-K under Item 1A risk factors and in our third quarter earnings release. A copy of our earnings release is available on Ecolab's website at ecolab.com/investor. Starting with some highlights from the quarter. Reported third quarter 2007 EPS increased 7% reaching $0.46. Excluding a discrete tax benefit and a special charge for the previously announced arbitration award, earnings rose 14% to $0.49, hitting the top-end of our forecasted range. We enjoyed continued solid... solid trends... solid sales trends from our U.S. institutional pest and food and beverage businesses, and recorded double digit sales growth at GCS, Kay, Healthcare and Textile Care. International also showed good sales gains. Latin America again rose double digits. Asia Pacific showed a better sales increase and Europe reported steady growth. Consolidated operating margins reflected the business investments we are making, as well as the special charge for Pest Elimination's arbitration award. Operating margins excluding them rose 40 basis points. Our outlook for the fourth quarter and full year remained strong. We expect EPS to show continued strong double digit growth in both periods. We raised the low end of the estimate range by $0.01 and now look for earnings excluding special gains and charges and discrete tax benefits to be in a $1.65 to $1.66 range indicating a 15% to 16% increase. In summary, we believe our business trends remain solid, and we continue to expect yet another terrific year for Ecolab and believe we're making the right investments to sustain attractive growth for the future. Turning to the details, Ecolab's reported consolidated sales for the third quarter rose 11%. Looking at the components, volume and mix were up 5%, pricing was up 2%, currency added 3% and the impact of acquisitions was negligible. Sales for U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing operations increased 8%. Institutional sales rose 7% comparing against a very strong period last year when sales rose an exceptional 13%, as we brought on major business from a competitor. Third quarter 2007 sales growth continued to be healthy into the various end market segments including restaurant, healthcare, lodging and travel. Third quarter growth was in the more normal institutional trend line range of 7% to 9%. We believe most of the business gained from that competitor has been rolled out, and we're annualizing against the pipeline filling last year. We continue to make investments in new products and programs and sales force training and technology. The launch of the Apex warewashing platform and sales force training related to the new product and technology was undertaken in the third quarter and the rollout to new accounts is progressing very well. We believe the fundamental outlook for institutional remains very attractive, and we expect institutional to show continued superior growth in the fourth quarter 2008. Kay's third quarter sales growth was 11%. QSR's underlying business remains healthy with good ongoing demand from major existing and new fast food chain accounts. The Food retail business also grew. New products and programs continue to bolster Kay's results. We expect continued strong gains in the fourth quarter and full year for Kay. Textile Care sales rose 10% reporting yet another double-digit growth quarter. Significant new account gains once again drove the increase as new products and solutions that helped reduce customers' water and energy consumption provided key differentiation and enabled the division to outpace its market. Textile Care continues to benefit from the fundamental business improvements it has undertaken as well as the differentiated products and value solutions it delivers for its customers. However, we look for more modest growth in the fourth quarter as the division laps some significant account length. Third quarter sales for the Healthcare division increased 14%. Sales reflected continued solid end market demand for infection control products and expanded penetration within our existing base of group purchasing organizations and health systems. Our wireless and anti-bacterial skin care products showed continued double-digit growth. Looking ahead, fourth quarter 2007 Healthcare sales should show continued good sales growth in the upper single digits. As an update on the announced Microtek acquisition, the proxy has been sent to Microtek shareholders and the shareholder vote is scheduled for November 9. If we receive a favorable vote, the acquisition is expected to close very soon thereafter. We've been working on integration planning and are ready to go when the deal is closed. We remain very excited about the prospects for Microtek and the potential our combined operations offer us and our customers. Food & Beverage delivered a solid third quarter performance with sales up 8% led by strong performances in the meat and poultry, food and beverage segments. Excluding last year's acquisition of DuChem, sales rose 7%. The meat and poultry market was strong, reflecting significant customer gains. Corporate account wins, better pricing and new products have contributed to dairy plant sales growth. The Food & Beverage business also saw strong growth reflecting new account sales and the strength of our corporate account relationships. We expect continued good sales trends into the fourth quarter of 2007 as we focus on new account acquisition and continued expansion of our anti-microbial platform. Water Care sales were flat in the third quarter. Gains in boiler and cooling treatment as well as filtration were offset by lower waste water application sales. The EcoCare sales grew 8%. New products sales using advanced technologies like Rain-X and solar power combined with increased pricing to lead results. The EcoCare expects new account gains in its existing markets along with new market opportunities and investments in the sales force to yield further good sales growth in the fourth quarter 2007. Sales for U.S. Other Services increased 10% in the third quarter. Pest Elimination sales continued to show good growth rising 9%. New account activity was driven by good corporate account gains while non-contract service growth also increased in the quarter. We also continue to develop new programs targeted at specific market needs that provide better circle the customer penetration and better growth opportunities for Pest Elimination. We expect Pest Elimination to show similar growth in the fourth quarter. GCS sales increased 12% showing strong growth and continued improvement in the sales momentum. For perspective, sales growth was 1% in the fourth quarter 2006; 5% in the first quarter 2007 and 7% in the second quarter. Sales to corporate accounts are trending well and the sales pipeline looks attractive. The new business systems were brought on line in the quarter. We're incurring some extra start-up costs due to training and gearing-up productivity on the new system and expect these costs to diminish over the next several quarters, as our people gain experience with the new productivity tools. We expect continued double-digit sales growth in the fourth quarter 2007 and into 2008 with improving profitability. Measured in fixed currencies, international sales increased 6%. When measured in dollars, reported International sales increased 13%. Europe, Middle East and African sales rose 5% in the third quarter at fixed currency rates. When measured in dollars, EMEA sales increased 12%. Europe's Institutional sales showed a modest gain. Good performances in developing countries in the East as well as the West were offset by slow results in France and Germany and weak floor care sales. Sales benefited from new account gains and growth in housekeeping. These are partially offset by flat consumption in catering accounts for manufacturers and declines in janitorial. Food & Beverage sales showed a good gain with growth in all F&B segments. Healthcare sales showed good growth, infection control and clean room products performed well. Textile Care sales continued to show good growth with good customer gains and sales of water and energy conserving technology driving the higher sales. The Europe pest business saw flat sales in the quarter. Third quarter sales in part reflected the elimination of a couple of larger but low margin contracts. We continue to work on improving the sales teams, new contract growth and account profitability. In addition, service quality measures have continued to show improvement. As an update on our work to improve Europe's performance, the business information systems development work is making good progress and is in the build stage. Multiphase rollout will begin in summer 2008. We've begun rolling out the sales force training metrics and technology efforts. While these will take time to implement, they are critical to the fundamental improvement we need to make to achieve better growth in Europe. We remain confident these actions as they are implemented will lead to higher sales and profit growth and a more effective business model. We look for Europe's fourth quarter fixed currency sales to show modest growth but look for better results in the coming quarters and years as the actions we are implementing take hold. Asia Pacific sales grew 9% in fixed currencies. Excluding acquisitions, sales increased 7% as growth in East Asia, Australia and New Zealand drove results. When reported in U.S. dollars, sales increased 16%. From a divisional perspective, Institutional's good sales gains were driven by new products including the launch of a new warewashing platform in Japan and by growth in the MarketGuard program for retail stores. We achieved important account wins in casinos, catering, hotels and restaurants as well as food retail markets. Food & Beverage sales grew due to strength in East Asia and New Zealand. Both the beverage and brewing sectors continue to show good growth in Asia. The Food & Beverage division overall has benefited from increased product penetration and account gains. Asia Pacific expects continued good sales gains in the fourth quarter. Third quarter sales for Ecolab's Canadian operations were up 4% in fixed currency and rose 11% measured in U.S. dollars. Institutional sales were solid, benefiting from corporate account gains, accelerated street growth and new products. Food & Beverage sales also improved while Pest Elimination and Vehicle Care grew double digits. Latin America reported an outstanding performance with sales rising a very strong 13% at fixed exchange rates. When measured in U.S. dollars, sales rose 19%. Sales were excellent throughout the region as all divisions rose double digits. Institutional growth was driven by new account gains, increased product penetration through the 360 degrees of protection program as well as continued success with global and regional accounts. Food & Beverage sales reflected strong demand in the beverage and brewing markets as well as the benefits of new accounts. Pest Elimination continued its outstanding performance throughout the Latin America recording yet another double-digit gain for the quarter. Further to bolster our opportunities in Latin America we expect to add to our portfolio of effective customers solutions in the coming quarters. Overall, we expect healthy growth trends to continue in Latin America, though the fourth quarter will face a tough comparison to last year's very strong 20% sales gain. We currently expect Latin America sales to show a more moderate comparison in this year's fourth quarter. Turning to the expense side of the income statement. Third quarter gross margins increased 10 basis points to 51.2%. Strong improvement in the U.S, driven by pricing and cost savings initiatives was partially offset by slightly lower margins in the International segment, principally in Europe, where higher delivered product costs and unfavorable business mix not fully offset by pricing actions hurt results. SG&A expenses, excluding special charges, were 37.1% of sales, up 20 basis points from last year. The SG&A ratio reflected leverage from our healthy organic sales growth that was more than offset by investments in business efficiency, R&D, information technology and our new product line. Turning to the segment profits, Ecolab U.S Cleaning & Sanitizing segment operating income increased 13%, driven by better pricing, higher sales and improved cost efficiencies which were partially offset by investments in the business, including the costs associated with our new warewashing product line. Operating income with U.S Other Services increased 4%. Continued profit gains at Pest Elimination were partially offset as expected by extra start-up costs at GCS, due to training and gearing up on the new systems. We believe GCS will see sequentially lower operating losses beginning in the fourth quarter and in the 2008, as costs associated with the systems implementation decline and the business benefits from strong growth. International fixed currency operating income rose 9%. Latin American and Canada showed a strong increase. Europe's operating income was flat as sales growth was offset by higher delivered product costs and unfavorable business mix. Corporate operating expense includes special charges for the previously disclosed arbitration settlement, other non-recurring investments and corporate investments to optimize our business structure as part of our ongoing efforts to improve our efficiency and returns. We believe this category assists in better understanding and comparability of our fundamental business progress as we complete the work in Europe and when we record non-recurring events. Ecolab's third quarter consolidated tax rate was 28.2%, down from last year's reported 35.1%. Excluding an approximate $0.03 per share benefit from legislated corporate tax rate reductions in the United Kingdom and Germany, which reduced our net deferred tax liability and the tax rate impact from the arbitration charge, the adjusted effective income tax rate for the third quarter 2007 was 34.4%. We repurchased 0.5 million shares during the third quarter under our share repurchase program, as we worked toward better leverage on our balance sheet. Year-to-date we have repurchased 8.2 million shares and invested $365 million while doing so. When combined with our 2006 investments in share repurchase, we have invested more than $640 million in share buybacks and at prices below the current market. The net of this performance is that diluted net income per share for the third quarter was $0.46, up 7% over the $0.43 earned a year ago, and up 14% to $0.49 when adjusted for the discrete tax benefit and special arbitration charge. Turning to the balance sheet, Ecolab's total debt to total capital was 33% at September 30, compared with 29% reported a year ago. The net debt was 30% compared with 27% last year. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $73 million and capital spending for the quarter was $95 million. Looking ahead, we expect to fund the planned Microtek acquisition using commercial paper. Upon completion of the transaction, our total debt to capital will increase to approximately 38%. Longer term, we'll look at permanent funding options. That's a review of the third quarter. In summary, Ecolab delivered yet another strong quarter. Our performance was a result of continued solid sales growth led by our U.S., Asia Pacific and Latin America businesses, showing the strength and balance of our global business model. Our U.S. and International segment operating margins both rose once again in the quarter. We also continue to make ongoing investments in our sales and service force and double-digit investments in our R&D, information technology and other key areas to sustain our future growth. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter of 2007, we begin by cautioning that these statements are based on the current expectations. These statements are forward-looking and actual results may differ materially. These statements do not include the potential impact of business acquisitions, divestitures, higher than anticipated raw material price increases, or other material events that may occur after the date of this webcast. This business outlook section should be considered in conjunction with the information on risk factors in our press release and our Form 10-K which lists risk factors that may cause results to differ. In the fourth quarter, we look for our U.S. operations to show continued solid momentum. In addition, new products like the rollout of Apex, our new warewashing platform that provides unparalleled performance and energy and cost savings for customers, as well as new on-premise laundry products in the U.S. and Europe and a new floor care line will provide further differentiation and opportunity will help drive future results. We look for our International sales to again be led by Latin America and Asia Pacific growth. We believe this will result in overall good fixed currency International sales growth. Gross margins should be around 50% to 51%. Selling, general and administrative expenses are expected to come in around 39% of sales. We look for improved margins in both U.S. business segments to more than offset a decline in the international margins and yield the consolidated operating margin increase. Net interest expense should be around $15 million, reflecting the additional cost of debt associated with the expected Microtek acquisition. We expect the effective tax rate in the quarter will be approximately 34% to 35%. Overall, currency translation is expected to benefit fourth quarter earnings. Also, as previously announced, we expect to record a $0.02 per share gain in the fourth quarter on the sell of a business in the U.K. As a result, we expect diluted earnings per share for the fourth excluding special gains and charges to show a 15% to 18% gain and be in a $0.39 to $0.40 range. For the full year we look for EPS, excluding the special gains and charges to increase 15% to 16% to a $1.65 to $1.66. As previously disclosed, Ecolab expects the special arbitration charge will be effectively offset by discrete tax benefits, recognized in the year and by the gain on the previously disclosed sale of a business. Also please note that the estimated tax rate discussed does not reflect the impact of discrete events that if and when they occur are recognized in the appropriate period. That concludes our remarks. This conference call will be available for replay at our website through November the 2nd. Operator, please begin the question and answer period. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander of Jefferies you may ask your question
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company: I guess the first question is on the recent... the JV with Site Controls. Can you talk a little bit about your longer term strategy in terms of energy and maintenance savings and whether there should be an extra platform for GCS?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Sure. As you know, one of the key factors for our customers, one of the key concerns they've got is energy savings as they go forward. Also as you know, of the total cost of cleaning, our products represent the smallest portion, labor and energy represent the larger portion. So as we are able to deliver better cost efficiencies for our customers, we are able to add more value to them. The energy prices have risen; that's became a greater concern to them. So through products such as Apex and the systems we have with them that help our customers focus on their energy and cost savings, we are able to bring more value through them. We think that Site Controls offers additional potential force over the long term to help further reduce energy costs for our customers.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company: Just to drill into that a little bit more, you've mentioned in the past that you might eventually be moving into HVAC or air quality. And that is something that they have targeted as well. Is this sort of the... should we look for more work on the quality side of your business.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well in the HVAC, we were referring to GCS on the repair side and in air quality, we are developing solutions on... for institutional and some other divisions and how they would deal with their quality issues on the interior. Site Controls would be different. They would be looking at the energy consumption of those. So that's something that we'll be developing with Site Controls, as we go forward.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company: Okay. And separately, can you address the arbitration in pest and whether that is settled or if there is anything still pending and how that affects morale in the segment?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well, in terms of where we're at, we have filed an appeal to vacate the judgment on the arbitration award. In terms of morale, I don't think it's had a negative impact on the morale of our folks in the field.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company: Thank you.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Thank you, Laurence.
Operator: Next question P.J. Juvekar with Citigroup.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi Mike. This is Eric Katzman [ph] for P.J. I was wondering if you could talk a little more detail on how SAP implementation is progressing in Europe and when do you expect to see a material improvement in margin?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well, as I mentioned, they have moved to the build stage for SAP. So we have not started implementation. That won't start until summer of 2008 and then we'll be rolling that out over a phase period which I think is about 18 months as we roll it out to those various countries.
Unidentified Analyst: And on Healthcare, how much top-line growth are you forecasting for 2008 and how much growth is weighted for the Microtek Medical?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: We haven't done our plan yet for 2008. So, we don't have a formal forecast. But I think as we look to Healthcare, our objective is to have that business growing double-digits, going forward and obviously Microtek will be a part of that growth.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Next question John Roberts, Buckingham Research.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Hi Mike.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Hi John. How are you doing?
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: It seems like your stock came under some pressure when Henkel announced their acquisition of National Starch. Did you have any discussions with them during the past quarter about the disposition of their ownership?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yes, we really have nothing to report there. I mean we talk to Henkel all the time but there is really nothing to report. They haven't stated what they are going to do with the shares and I think they will do it in a public way. So until then, we're just kind of waiting and seeing.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: And then secondly, you mentioned that the wastewater market kind of weighed on the water treatment business. I know it's not big but I didn't think that wastewater is being a big part of your water treatment business.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well to begin, our water treatment business is a small business for us. And the wastewater is a portion of what we do there. It's primarily in the F&B customers and if you lose a few accounts there in a small business, it has an impact.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Question, Gary Bisbee, Lehman Brothers.
Gary Bisbee - Lehman Brothers: Hi Mike. Couple of questions. You mentioned last few quarters, finished goods cost in Europe, in particular has been an issue, and I guess I wanted to dig into that a little bit. Is that just a product of the de-centralized structure you've had and you are changing there in efficiencies with that or is there some reason you're having a harder time getting pricing in Europe and in other areas?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well I think it's kind of all those things. I mean first of all, we have said before that we don't view ourselves as having a highly efficient supply chain in Europe. The systems there have been set up on a country-by-country basis. So we don't feel that we have got the efficiencies of a highly integrated system throughout Europe and that's part of what we are working for with the ERP system that we are developing in Europe. Secondly, we've had raw material price increases as has others, throughout our raw material prices. That has affected us. And lastly, regarding pricing, that's one of the things that we're focusing on, the sales force training, is to enable our people to get them the right tools and training, to be able to be more aggressive on pricing and get the type of pricing that we need. So I think in answer, Gary, it's all... really all the three things that you touched on. And I think we've got effective programs in place for all three of those going forward. It's just that they are going to take time, and with the sales force training takes time, the ERP takes time, the logistics chains take time to happen.
Gary Bisbee - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Andany updates on the management transition you had there and how that's progressing. Is there... are there any issues within certain countries, now that you are trying to manage the whole thing from one place or is that going pretty much as expected as planned?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: No, I think it's pretty much as expected. I mean we've said that we are going to our move to our regional headquarters in Zurich. That involves a limited number of people that will be involved in the move. In terms of the management changes, that's already been announced. Jim White was put in place. There was a couple of divisional shifts around there but nothing more than that. So, I think that right now we've got a good team in Europe and they have got a good plan and it's just implementing that plan and getting the time to have those results show up.
Gary Bisbee - Lehman Brothers: And then just one last housekeeping one. What... do you know approximately today, what the interest rate is on your commercial paper program, the rate you're paying?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: No, 5%, 6%.
Gary Bisbee - Lehman Brothers: Okay.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Something like that. I can follow up on that one Gary when I check.
Gary Bisbee - Lehman Brothers: Thank you.
Operator: : Next question Dmitry Silversteyn, Longbow Research.
Dmitry Silverstein - Longbow Research: Good morning Michael, a couple of questions. A number of that have already been answered but looking at your working capital, it's gone up in the quarter which was somewhat unusual looking back at what happened in the previous years. So I am just wondering if there is anything beyond that if you're building inventory anywhere or have any problems collecting accounts receivables.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: No I think it's primarily the euro.
Dmitry Silverstein - Longbow Research: Okay, so just an impact of a foreign currency.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yes.
A: Dmitry Silverstein: Okay.:
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yes. Foreign currencies in general, euro in specific.
Dmitry Silverstein - Longbow Research: Got you. And then second quick question on GCS, can you give us an idea of what was the loss rate for the business in the fourth quarter... on the third quarter? And I know you talked about it being somewhat less so in the first quarter... in the fourth quarter. At which point in 2008 can we look for the business to start trending above breakeven?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well, we said second half of '08 is when we expected to break in the profitability.
Dmitry Silverstein - Longbow Research: Okay and the first part of the question, what was the losses on the third quarter compared to the previous couple of quarters?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Loss in the quarter is about $5.7 million.
Dmitry Silverstein - Longbow Research: That's quite a bit, I guess it's going back over to beginning of the year in terms of losses. I thought they were supposed to trend down over the year. C: Michael J. Monahan: Well all we said is the third quarter would be the last quarter in which we saw a large loss. We've said in the fourth quarter... beginning in the fourth quarter we expect to sequentially improve profitability. And the reason of the third quarter was that size is we had extra costs as we completed the ERP system for GCS, number one. Number two is you are running two systems basically in 2007 versus 2006, you get the old system with the new system. And then third, you had additional people onsite at GCS because... basically trying to catch anything that fell out as you went through that implementation process. So we look for the fourth quarter profitability to improve over the third quarter. So to us, it was pretty much as expected to have things running this way.
Dmitry Silverstein - Longbow Research: Okay. Can I have a final...
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: And again that points to the top line improvement, which I think is the exciting part of GCS. As I said, we have seen a sequential improvement from one to five to seven, now to 12% top line growth, and we expect that to continue and as that top line continues, obviously you are going to see that impact profitability as well.
Dmitry Silverstein - Longbow Research: Fair enough. And then the last question on the balance sheet, obviously build up some cash there and turn down your debt, you are going to reverse that with the pending acquisition of Microtek. Are there other thoughts for using the balance sheet beyond just to offsetting dilutions with the share repurchases and kind of steady as you go, dividend increases? Your balance sheet now is getting to be somewhat under leveraged I would say. Is that something that you guys are thinking about?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well first of all our target is 35% to 40% so especially when we get the Microtek acquisition in a few weeks, we expect to be at 38%, so great to be at the heart of that. And we have improved our total debt to total capital from around 30% I think, about year or year and a half ago up to 38% now. Then the last piece is as mentioned before, we're still waiting to see what Henkel does. So I think, we're in a pretty good shape. I think we are appropriately levered at this point and we still have enough room for acquisitions and other events going forward to, let us take advantage of those opportunities.
Dmitry Silverstein - Longbow Research: Did I read you correctly that if Henkel does decide to sell their shares that you will be standing ready to participate in the purchasing some way?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: We haven't said what we're going to do. We want to see what Henkel puts on the table first and then we'll be able to make our judgment after that. What we've consistently said though is that whatever happens in this situation, we will do what we think is in best interest of the shareholders and we'd do a very shareholder friendly action.
Dmitry Silverstein - Longbow Research: Fair enough. Thank you, Michael.
Dmitry Silverstein - Longbow Research: Thank you. Hey Gary, an answer your question on the commercial paper, it's 4.75%. That's a little high.
Operator: Next question, Ed Yang, CIBC World Markets.
Edward Yang - CIBC World Markets: Hi, Mike.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Hi, Ed. How are you doing?
Edward Yang - CIBC World Markets: Great. On the a commercial paper funding for Microtek, is that something that you typically do with acquisitions or are you unsatisfied with some of the rates that are available for longer term funding?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: No, it's just typical short terms funding for some time.
Edward Yang - CIBC World Markets: Okay.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yes, and as we said... as we see things develop here we'll look at permanent funding options later.
Edward Yang - CIBC World Markets: Okay. On the... in other news, on the staph infections have been in the news lately particularly with schools. Can you mind us what products you sell for the education sector currently? And whether that mix will change going forward as you gain more infection control expertise?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Did you say specifically to the educational sector?
Edward Yang - CIBC World Markets: Yes, or in... I guess are there opportunities to leverage some of your new found expertise in healthcare to other areas where you do business?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well I think education is purely one market, but healthcare is the one that's far bigger, as we've talked about before and you saw at our investor day HAI as healthcare acquired infections, is a huge issue in the U.S. It's killing over 100,000 people per year, cost of system over... well over $30 billion a year, and MRSAs are a significant part of that healthcare acquired infection problem. So for us, as we go forward, we'll be marketing not only our products but also training programs etcetera for healthcare schools, other places that have those problems, trying to address those solutions with our products and programs. We've got some products now. We want to develop more as we go forward to deal with the evolving issues in these markets.
Edward Yang - CIBC World Markets: And Mike as you integrate Microtek, are you going to be able to ramp penetration of some of Microtek's products into your other sectors as well? Are there any sort of transferability of those products?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well Microtek's primary product is draping for equipments and patients. So I am not sure if there is much application outside of the healthcare area.
Edward Yang - CIBC World Markets: Okay thank you.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Thank you.
Operator: Next question Rob Koort, Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: Thanks good afternoon Mike.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Hey Robert.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: Question really around what's going on in Europe and how much of what you are seeing is the external environment? Or do you think it's possible some of it may be company specific and how have things changed do you think since your competitor pulled out of the U.S. and got more aggressive in Europe?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well I don't think there has been much change in the competitive situation in Europe since JohnsonDiversey pulled out of the U.S. I think it's pretty much as before. In terms of what's going on in Europe, I think we are seeing where there... a forecast of the slowdown in the general economy but more specific to us, I think that we've said before that while our business in Europe has been doing okay, at 4% to 5% growth we don't think that's good enough. So no matter what the situation, we think that we want to get much stronger growth out of Europe. And that has been our focus and that's why we're doing investments that we're doing across the board in the top line on expenses to drive the bottom line, funding the training for the sales force, the tools for the sales force etcetera, such that we can get much stronger results.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thanks.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Thank you.
Operator: : Next question Bruce Simpson, William Blair.
Bruce Simpson - William Blair & Company, LLC: Hi Mike. Can you talk a little bit about raw material pricing, where that is, either this quarter or year-to-date versus year ago and then... but the balances between that incremental cost pressure and the incremental revenue you got from price hikes, how those have been trending against one another this year?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well raws are relatively flat to 2006. They have come in, sort of as we have expected them to. In terms of pricing, our pricing has allowed us, as you can see in the gross margin to improve upon that raw material cost and expand our margins.
Bruce Simpson - William Blair & Company, LLC: So, it sounds like the incremental revenue from higher prices has more than offset whatever additional costs you have from raws?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Exactly.
Bruce Simpson - William Blair & Company, LLC: Okay that's all I have got this time, Mike. Thanks.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Thank you.
Operator: Question, Rosemarie Morbelli, Ingalls & Snyder.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder LLC: Good afternoon, Michael.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Hello, Rosemarie. How are you?
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder LLC: I am fine. Thanks. Regarding the international business, one of your comments earlier was that you expected that at some point Europe would have or could reach 14% margin and it would be higher for Latin America and Asia Pacific. Where do we stand today? Since Europe is much larger than the other two. Does it have at this moment, a higher margin and the others are catching up and going to be above, or are they already above the European margin?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: No, Europe margins are in the 9% range and Latin America, Asia Pacific are in the low double-digits. So they are already... Latin America and Asia Pacific are higher. And as far as improvement in Europe, what we've said is we are undertaking a number of efforts to improve those but those are going to take time to show up. We still think that there is a potential to get European margins into the 13% to 14% range, as you mentioned but that's going to depend on us getting the ERP systems in place in terms of us getting the sales force well trained, well equipped to go out and sell more aggressively etcetera. And all those things are at work but they take time to develop. We've just started the rollout to the sales and service force, the ERP doesn't get implemented until starting in the summer of next year. So it's going to take a little time to get those margins but we are confident that we are going to get there.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder LLC: Okay. Are those the only changes or are there other things you are doing in Europe that we should kind of, keep track of?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well, we have talked about the major things that are going on in Europe, the major initiatives, we have got. So I think those are things that we are key.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder LLC: Okay. And then if we look at North America, since the end of the second quarter, have you seen in some of the markets you served the beginning of an impact from the economic slowdown?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: If you look at lodging for example. Lodging is actually expected to improve in to 2008, if you look at rooms sold. If you look at restaurant trends, it's maybe down a 0.5% this year in terms of traffic but the last few months, we've actually seen improvement in it. So, overall we'd say it's a good, not great environment for restaurants and lodging.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder LLC: And when you look at food and beverage, this is probably where it would be affected more in terms of the breweries and those kind of areas.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yes. We haven't seen any real fundamental changes in those markets.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder LLC: In the corporate expense of $6.8 million this quarter is higher than trend and I understand that you are investing more. But were there some things special, a higher expense, a higher level of investment in this quarter versus what is coming our way or is that close to $7 million the new booking number?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well, corporate expense excluding the special charges was around 6...
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder LLC: 6.8 you cited.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: And we think that that's roughly what it's going to be for the foreseeable future.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder LLC: Okay, it was closer to 7 Michael, if I take out the one time tranche. So that brings us closure to $7 million and that is a good number to look forward to.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: That will be... it will be around of 6, 6.5 range yes, might be a little bit less next year.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder LLC: Okay and then lastly if I may in the margin decline on the other services. Is it because of the higher expenses on GCS or has pest somehow lost a little bit of its margin?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: No, it's GCS.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder LLC: Totally.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder LLC: Yes.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder LLC: And then, and so did margins there... pest for margin improved or was it flat?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Pest margins were similar to last year.
Rosemarie Morbelli - Ingalls & Snyder LLC: Okay. All right, thanks a lot.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Thank you.
Operator: Question Chris Shaw, UBS.
Chris Shaw - UBS: Hey Mike, how you doing?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Good Chris. How are you?
Chris Shaw - UBS: Good. Just curiously on... in Europe you talked about mix. I just want to figure out maybe if I can figure it out in the future but what shifted in the mix exactly and what was driving that shift?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: There is a little more equipment than chemical.
Chris Shaw - UBS: It's simply that?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yes, in the F&B and the professional products area.
Chris Shaw - UBS: Okay. And then also... what's the... have you guys been adding sales force? Then sort of where is that standing right now because I know you guys often give a stat to that.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well we expect for the full year to be up about 4% to 5%.
Chris Shaw - UBS: That doesn't change.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yes. Really no change there. Pretty much across the board.
Chris Shaw - UBS: That's all I have. Thanks Mike.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Next question Mark Gulley, Soleil Securities.
Mark Gulley - Soleil Securities: Hey Michael. I have three questions. When I go back to the investor day, I think one of the strategies in Europe might have been to try to gain some market share at the expense of competitors, either JohnsonDiversey or smaller ones. Are you able to do that now with all the changes going on or is that on hold?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: No, I mean we're still targeting to take share from the competitor, I mean. What we're trying to do is layer on improve training for the sales force to make them better than they are today. That's all. So, we continue to be aggressive. We continue to focus on taking share from competition. We continue to focus on delivering better service solutions to our customers. Just as we always have. We've got a new renewed focus on new products. So, what we hope to do is layer on top of the sales force, more effective tools and their arsenal to approach customers to be more effective in selling, better penetration, through customers, more products and solutions to customers.
Mark Gulley - Soleil Securities: Okay. Second question was can we expect to see more healthcare-related acquisitions given your emphasis on that... conference?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Absolutely.
Mark Gulley - Soleil Securities: And then can you provide any color there? What does the pipeline look like... what does the prices and deals look like? That sort of thing.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well, I mean healthcare acquisitions are going to be more costly than the non-healthcare acquisitions, simply because of the growth and profitability of those businesses. In terms of the pipeline, we've got a number of deals we're looking at, but there's not much more I can say because as you know a deal isn't final until you've got to sign the deal.
Mark Gulley - Soleil Securities: Last question is... when you move people from Dusseldorf to Zurich, will it be a non-recurring charge you'll take for that relocation and will the smaller corporate staff in Zurich have a meaningful impact on European margins?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yes there will be a charge. It's in the special charge, so that's viewed as a non-recurring factor for the relocation, for the people, the incentives to moves etcetera.
Mark Gulley - Soleil Securities: That was part of that in the third quarter, did I miss it or it's more like comp?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Just a tiny bit in the third quarter, there is more that will be shown in the future quarters but again that will show up in special charges.
Mark Gulley - Soleil Securities: Right, again will that have an impact on overall European margins when that's all taken care of, those costs are out or is it pretty de minimis?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yes, it's a little too early to talk about that part of it. Again the move costs are special charges that will be specifically identified, since you will be able to see those.
Mark Gulley - Soleil Securities: Yes, thanks Mike.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Thanks. I mean ultimately Mark, as you know the reason for all this stuff is to improve European margins. We believe that the regionalization will allow us to grow faster and operate more efficiently in Europe and that's the goal of these activities that we're doing.
Mark Gulley - Soleil Securities: Thank you.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Thanks.
Operator: Next question, Robert Felice, Gabelli & Company.
Robert Felice - Gabelli & Company: Hi Mike. Most of my questions have been answered; just have one or two more. You mentioned that GCS lost $5.7 million during the quarter, what's the year-to-date loss?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: I've got to take a look here, about $13 million.
Robert Felice - Gabelli & Company: Okay and then by how much do you expect to narrow that in the fourth quarter, off of the $5.7 million this quarter?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: We haven't forecasted operating margins or profits by division, but we think will be improving over the fourth quarter.
Robert Felice - Gabelli & Company: Okay but still, operating at a fairly large loss?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well it will be a smaller loss than the third quarter, and we expect the loss to sequentially decrease through the second half of 2008 when we expect it to turn profitable.
Robert Felice - Gabelli & Company: Okay I guess, what I am trying to pin down is as you look to '08, by how much of a tailwind do you expect GCS to be. So it looks like it will probably be somewhere around $16 million or $17 million loss for the full year. How much do you expect to narrow that gap in '08?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: I think you probably are looking at $10 million to $12 million swing.
Robert Felice - Gabelli & Company: Okay so probably $0.03 to $0.05 benefit?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yes.
Robert Felice - Gabelli & Company: Okay. Thanks for helping me with that.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Thank you.
Operator: Our last question comes from Jeff Zekauskas, J.P. Morgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: Hi. Good afternoon, Mike.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Hi, Jeff.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: At the beginning of your call, did you break out volumes, price, acquisition and currency for the company as a whole?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yes, we did.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: Could you remind me what those numbers were? Forgive me.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Sure. Volume and mix was 5%, pricing was 2%, currency was 3% and acquisitions were negligible.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: And with oil prices having stepped up sharply over the past few weeks, does that make a difference to your raw material profile or does it not?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Yes, it does. But remember that one of the bigger issues is the capacity situation.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: I am sorry, the capacity situation?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well that, while oil prices are a significant factor in our raw material costs, probably the greater factor is that there is not an access to supply. And therefore as the dollars weaken, we have seen greater exports of product. There's now lot of excess capacity to allow our pricing to decline.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: Just lastly, do you have longer term gross margin targets?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: We do. I mean the target is basically higher. What we have said is, we would like to have them exceed the 2004 level but beyond that we don't have a specific numerical target because the way we view it is we want to continue to grow our gross margin. The second thing is as our model develops if we get more service businesses, that will have an impact on the gross margins because you know they tend to have lower gross but also lower SG&A and therefore you can have comparable, if not better, operating margins. What we focus on at the end of the day is the operating margins and that's where we are going to continue to focus our efforts to improve our results.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: Do you have longer term operating margin targets?
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: We do. I mean our objective is to grow at about 50 basis points per year.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: Thanks very much.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Thank you.
Operator: I would like to turn the meeting back over to Mr. Michael Monahan for closing remarks.
Michael J. Monahan - Vice President, External Relations: Well everyone thanks for your time today. We appreciate your attention and have a great week. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.
