===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-25 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the First Quarter 2025 Eastman Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman website, www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle, Eastman at Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Greg Riddle: Thank you very much, Becky, and good morning, everyone, and thanks very much for joining us today. On the call with me are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO, Willie McClain, Executive Vice President and CFO, and Jake LaRoe and Emily Alexander from the Investor Relations team. Yesterday after the market closed, we posted our first quarter 2025 financial results news release and SEC 8-K filing, our slides, and the related prepared remarks in the Investors section of our website eastman.com. Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in our first quarter 2025 financial results news release, during this call, in the preceding slides and prepared remarks, and in our filings with the SEC, including the Form 10-K filed for full year 2024 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for first quarter 2025. Second, earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain non-core items. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded and adjusted items, are available in the first quarter 2025 financial results news release. As we posted the slides and accompanying prepared remarks on our website last night, we will now go straight into Q&A. Becky, please let's start with our first question.
Operator: Star followed by one again to confirm your place in the queue. When preparing to ask your question, please ensure your device is unmuted locally. Our first question comes from Patrick Cunningham from Citigroup. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Patrick Cunningham: Hi. Good morning. First, just on the lower, you know, sales guide for renew, I guess first, what has been the sales and EBITDA contribution in the first quarter? I'm just curious on the level of confidence in the low end of the sales guide. How much visibility do you have into order books? Is there a floor for that EBITDA contribution just based on cost performance and volume that's already contracted? Certainly. And good morning, Patrick.
Mark Costa: When it comes to the overall method analysis program at Kingsport, things are actually going quite well on the operational side. We've had a very successful quarter of running the facility at high rates. We've maintained an 85% yield on the DMT feedstock, you know, from the hardware cycle stream or come or we're finding ways to use even cheaper versions of feedstock. So operations are really good. If you analyze sort of the production rate that we had in the first quarter, we're very much on track for that two and a half greater production volumes. So when you put that together, you know, with the absence of the startup costs, in the first quarter, you know, it's generated a considerable amount of earnings, you know, in the corporate other area around $25 million with that absence. When you look at the overall cost program we're on for a full year basis, we're very much on track to get our $50 million of EBITDA from the manufacturing cost side of the equation out of the original $75 to $100 million guide. I'd say on the operational side, that $50 million certainly showed up in the first quarter as expected, and we expect will continue to show up through the year. When it comes to renew side of things, on the revenue side, you know, we originally had given you a guide back to the deep dive of $75 to $100 million of renew revenue, and that was based on assumption around the economy being, you know, relatively stable and consumer durables, you know, stable, modest growth in packaging for food applications, etcetera. So, you know, but basically, a continuation of the dynamics we had for 2024 would continue into 2025. And that was for sure true through the first quarter. But what's happened is with the trade dispute tensions developing, and the discussions of tariffs, especially the tensions between China and the US and where the tariffs have, you know, now gone. The, you know, rate and growth of the consumer durable market that is largely made in China and shipped to the US is now in question about how that market's gonna hold up, right, with the level of tariffs that we currently have, it's not economic to import those kinds of products. So the revision that we've given you from $50 to $75 million of revenue now versus the higher rate is purely an end market estimation of the impact of tariffs. It has nothing to do with the engagement we're seeing in the marketplace, but we certainly don't expect the same kind of growth in those kinds of products for the year. When it comes to engagement, you know, customers are still very much engaged as we said on the durable side. We have over a hundred customers. The economic tensions are certainly slowing the rate of product launches. If you can't import a product from China, you can't launch a new product. So that reduces the rate at which, you know, these new product launches or the new content can be brought to market. So that factor is being managed. We've only had a few customers revert back to normal freight because of the premium that they're trying to avoid in this economic time. So I would say market engagement there is still good. It's just a question of where these tariff disputes go if they're resolved. Soon, you know, this quarter, then things would start to, you know, recover and get back to normal. They'll actually have to restock because pulling inventory down below normal levels right now. To avoid paying the tariffs. So we certainly aren't sitting on a big amount of finished good inventory in the plan to give it we've been in a recession for a while. And then what I say on the food packaging side, on our path, engagement is also good. The brands are really facing some significant limitations on mechanical recycling in a variety of applications. And are very much engaged in trying to find ways to buy smart fit for us and applications where there's high quality aesthetics required or certain technical performance requirements and mechanical can't meet. So we're still making good progress to be able to sell our pet in the back half of the year as we convert. That freight line over to making PET that we discussed before. So I'd say we're in good shape, and it's just a market question around tariffs.
Patrick Cunningham: Very helpful, Mark. And then maybe just on fibers, you know, it seems to be getting double hit on some tariff-related impact in persistent destocking. How long do you anticipate this destocking to persist? And how should we think about contract performance, you know, next couple of years and, you know, potential further normalization from here?
Mark Costa: Yeah. So, you know, certainly the, you know, overall Fibers business has some challenges to it. As you said, there's sort of two separate challenges. I'll start with the destocking one first. First, there's no change we've seen in the in-market growth rates. So that is not part of what's going on as far as we can tell. So market growth rates are still modest, and the one to two percent rate is as traditional cigarette markets are declining in the two to three percent range but the heat not burn cigarettes offsetting it. We've talked about that in the past. So that part is actually quite stable. You know, our contract rate for the year of this year is around 90%. Has put the prices in place for the year. So we're in very solid shape on a pricing point. As you said, you know, it's really a question of, you know, what's driving the volume decline, markets are stable, then by definition, you know, it's a dynamic around customer destocking. As the principal driver of what's going on. You know, as I said before, TOW is incredibly small. Percent of the final price of a cigarette about 2%. So the cost of it is not a high priority when you're selling cigarettes that are greater than 60% gross margins. You know, the focus always starts with security of supply. And when the market got incredibly tight, in that 2021, 2022 time frame, customers were building inventory. And as we've now discovered, building a lot more inventory than we fully understood. One of the challenges with customers when you're in situations like a very tight market is no one wants to tell you how much inventory they have because they're afraid you will not supply material to them. You know, as much as they might need going forward. So you get this dislocation of, you know, inventory. And we certainly lived through that in the 2022, 2023 time frame. Where we discovered just how much inventory people had built over time. And so the destocking is going a bit longer than we expected. And the reason the destocking started, I should have mentioned, is the market has loosened up a little bit. So there's some capacity that's been added in China. If you look at it from a 2023 to 2025 point of view, that capacity is around 5%. Of the, you know, ex-China market. So the capacity utilizations have now moved down into that lower, you know, 90% range. 90, 95% range. And with that room, the customers feel safe destocking. And that's what we see going on in what we're gonna see in the second quarter is something similar to the first quarter. I've learned my lesson around predicting how long destocking is gonna last. Certainly, we expect some of it to continue in the back half of the year. And we're still working with our customers to truly understand exactly where, you know, where this all sits. But the good news is the fundamentals are there. The capacity utilization is still, you know, in the 90s. You know, the markets are not declining in some significant way. And I think that gives us stability. The contracts, as you asked, are about 80% for next year. You know, most of those are multiyear contracts, some are annual. They generally include pricing. A lot of it's CPT pricing that actually gives customer protection on, you know, making sure the margins are tracking with, you know, raw materials. So overall, I'd say we feel like the market is certainly facing that challenge, and it's gonna continue a bit more than we expected. It's good to remember there are a couple other dynamics driving earnings down. We had a discontinue product from customers with about $10 million and energy is a bit of a headwind this year relative to last year and how it flows in. The second part of this discussion, of course, is around the impact on the tariffs with China. We do have two products that go into China. One is the textiles, the Naya product, which has been a great growth story for us and half of the Naya that we sell is in China, the other half's outside of China. It's a huge market. So it's a time-based issue for us to if these tariffs last for a period of time, of just winning market share in mills outside of China to replace do in China. So that one is manageable and we have some inventory in place. I'm gonna get some of those issues now. When it comes to the flake, this is, you know, cellulose flake that you spin into fiber, and we do this with the Chinese national tobacco company. Obviously, the rates are, you know, pretty high. There, and so we'll have to just see how those tariffs evolve over time. So that's a more specific thing around, you know, what's going on with the tariffs. And what is to see how long the tariffs last with this China. When you put them together, obviously, creates a bit of more challenge for this year. It's still extraordinary earnings compared to our past. And great cash flow that comes out of this business.
Patrick Cunningham: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. And first, congrats on being recognized for your support of veteran and active duty service members. Very well done.
Mark Costa: Thank you.
David Begleiter: Mark, on your thank you. On your China sales of the portion roughly 60% supplied from the US, if these tariffs stay in place, how much is at risk do you think of perhaps just going away? I know you addressed fibers, but how about AM and AFMP? Thank you.
Greg Riddle: Yeah. David, a lot of these questions are really sort of situational specific to this segment. So I just suggest that address the fiber's part. Your pathway is very much adjustable to move out of the country. Rather mitigating actions we're pursuing around the flake supply. So I think there's lots of different ways over time to manage the fiber side of the equation. You know, when it comes to CI, just to be clear, no exposure. So in the to worry about there. Frankly, probably upside in CI. Which is primarily selling in North America and the tariffs. That we have coming in this country from products around the world that sort of set the price in the marketplace, you know, over time will give us some lift there. But in the short term, pretty modest just because of the, you know, competitive situation. When it comes to AFP, the exposure in AFP is more limited. You know, similar to fibers, it's around $200 million of revenue. 2024. But a lot of the segment does not have exposure to China from a US production point of view. So especially fluids business, we have production outside Europe. When it comes to all of our means business and care and ag, we've got assets in the US, but know, our largest assets in Europe. So we have and assets in China. So we have lots of different ways to serve those markets locally around the world. And a lot of the coating related products, we don't really sell into China. But there are a couple of very high value specialty products like our cellulose additives that go into a wide range of coatings from, you know, cars to farmers to some other packaging applications. And that that is exposed. It is a proprietary product that only we make. The margins on this business are pretty high. So short term, it's hitting us in Q2 because our customers are well stocked on inventory because it's so important to carry a lot of inventory. In their formulations. And so we certainly, you know, see them not buying this quarter, hoping for a resolution between the US and China. Discussions. But it's a very important functional product where there really isn't a substitute. And then so we have an ability to pass on some of that duty cost if we need to and find ways to work with our customers when they get back to, you know, ordering after they've used up their time. Stock. So I think that one is also the category of manageable over. In advanced materials, which is obviously the largest segment from a revenue point of view in China, there are really three businesses that have different stories. Inner layers makes the products in China, so no issue there. Performance films, historically, has used a lot of product made in the US. But that's why we did the acquisition of Dylon to have our own performance films manufacturing capability in China. We also did an expansion of our capability in Germany. And so those two assets are in the middle of ramping up for this specific reason of being more local and diversified how to serve the market. And so, you know, we'll have some that we're not gonna have that much impact quarter because of the inventory in place for performance films. We'll have some impact, you know, as we balance out the ramp up of these assets relative to what we make in the US. But we can supply that market long term from other locations in the US. And then especially plastics, you know, clearly has exposure when it when they're made here in the US. And then those products are sent to China. On that front, we're also not getting that much of an impact this quarter. Because the customers are sitting on inventory. And the real question in specialty plastics is a lot of what we sell into China's especially Triton, is then reexported back to the US and Europe and other markets. And a lot of it into the US. So the main issue is how long do the tariffs stay in place that know, make it very expensive to buy an appliance or water bottle or whatever else in the US. That's made in China. So there's some uncertainty and risk around how those supply chains adjust to that. All these companies that make all these appliances have to get the product from somewhere. The retail appliance need products from somewhere. There's a huge amount of effort and, you know, ramp up production. We'll follow the customers wherever they move around the planet. You know, because Triton is a unique product. There is no easy substitute for Triton. There are different plastics you can use, but they all come with significant compromise. You either if you go to polypropylene, it's very cloudy and not clear. If you go to a variety of different styrenics, the toughness or the chemical resistance, you know, from other products, all create failure modes and how well the product performs in the market. So you can go if you wanna compromise your product on the shelf. But otherwise, you really wanna keep using Triton. And so we'll certainly feel some of that risk and impact if these tariffs stay in place through the back half of the year. Your supply chains move around and, you know, the market here in the US has been impacted. So overall, that's sort of where we stand. And when you put it all together, you know, we've told you there's about a $30 million impact in Q2. It's honestly with all these uncertainties around tariffs, and where they may negotiate, it's hard to predict what this impact is in the back half of the year.
David Begleiter: Very good. And just lastly, on Longview and the DOE funding, I know you've been getting some funding every quarter the last couple of quarters. Your level of confidence in this funding continuing under the current administration?
Mark Costa: We feel good about the executive order. You know, Sorry. I just lost my track of thought. We feel very good about where we are with the DOE. They have been highly engaged with us. We think that we've got a good relationship there, and we think that our project actually holds up well in the way President Trump thinks about, you know, US manufacturing. You know, when you look at it, you know, we're focused on growing US manufacturing. It is a serious issue. You know, manufacturing hasn't grown here in this country. It's been growing around the world. And the vertical integration and all the products that go into manufacturing of finished products is equally important if you wanna have national economic security. So there's actions that I think we should be taking. Strategic transactions that are focused on specific issues around this topic make a lot of sense. We need a lot of regulation. That reduces, you know, the difficulty and cost of building here, you know, tax and other incentive policy workforce. Variety of things I think we're very aligned with. You know, the current administration is important, and this project fits all of these criteria. When you look at these circular investments, we're building infrastructure to deal with plastic waste. Right? It's a and it's also a natural security way to make materials for packaging, medical, etcetera. It's on touring jobs from Asia because most of all the PT business has now gone to China. And you're creating revenue way beyond just our facility and supporting the growth of recycling infrastructure behind us. Being a better supplier to local manufacturing or plastic-related products in the market. So checks all the boxes on that front. It also is a version of, you know, energy independence, plastic waste, basically is oil sitting above ground, you know, and you're reusing it instead of throwing it away. And, you know, this process is advantage, you know, relative to pellet parasailing, you know, at any oil price above $60. So economically advantage as well. And, you know, from a voter point of view, there's no one a lot of debate on climate, but there's no debate that people don't like plastic waste in their environment. No matter which side of the aisle they sit on. So think we're in really good shape on this. So far, every I just said seems to be aligned with what the DOE is looking for and the conversations, you know, we've had with them. We've been receiving our funds in Q4 and Q1. There's a lot of staff change going on the DOE. Right now. So, you know, we're moving a little slow in how we sort of finalize the next phases of the contract. But we're not getting an indication that the project's at risk.
David Begleiter: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Aleksey Yefremov from KeyCorp. The line is now open. Please go ahead.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to ask you, there's a lot of concern about consumer health in the businesses where your products end up in consumer, I guess, such as auto films. Are you seeing any meaningful slowdown in demand?
Mark Costa: On auto demand?
Aleksey Yefremov: Mhmm.
Mark Costa: Just consumer discretionary demand across the board. Related demand.
Greg Riddle: Right. Yes.
Aleksey Yefremov: So
Mark Costa: you know, look at our Q2 guide, we basically called out two dynamics that took us from where we were originally to now. Of which are trade-related. So I already covered the impacts the direct impacts of trade, which is at $30 million. But the other impact, as we tried to explain in our prepared remarks, is seasonal growth is typically really strong for our portfolio when you go from Q1 to Q2. And that is what drives, you know, going for a dollar ninety-one to some higher EPS in a normal situation. We still see seasonal growth now but we don't expect it to be as strong as what would have been normal. And that is very much related to, you know, consumers, you know, being concerned about the world and what's going on, you can see the confidence decline. You can certainly see consumer purchases on discretionary, you know, items right now increasing. Right? You know, people are buying cars, people are buying, you know, blenders, whatever else because they're worried about tariffs coming. So the consumer data would lead you to believe that there's a certain amount of growth going on. But in some sense, what you're is you're pulling forward consumer demand from the second half into now. And there's people worried in being cautious about what they wanna spend in general. That's creating a lot of fog in what's really going on. But as a company, whether it's us or our customers, you have to be considering multiple scenarios right now. One of which is break gets resolved quickly and everything's okay. You also have to prepare the more difficult scenario where these tariffs stay in place for a longer period of time and impact demand. And so we could see customers being a little bit more cautious on just how much inventory they wanna build. And that's sort of the dynamic we're looking at here in the second quarter is not seeing as much growth. I mean, there is a risk where we don't make much progress on some of these trade issues and you start getting people more nervous about when this is gonna get resolved and you could see some more destocking, you know, towards the back end. Of the quarter. We'll just have to see how that all plays out.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thanks, Mark. And just listening to your remarks about how tariffs are impacting your businesses, it seems like initially, you maybe have some inventory in China that allowed you to mitigate it. Is it fair to say that if this tariff does not change in the second half, you may see a larger negative impact direct negative impact from the tariffs or that is not the case because you have some other mitigating measures? I just couldn't quite understand. The net result of these two.
Mark Costa: Sure. So, hey, again, sorry, guys, but I gotta go segment by segment because it's different story. So I don't think there's any additional risk in the fibers business. With the mitigating actions we have in place, I would expect that number to be relatively steady as you go through the rest of the year if things are not resolved. Same is really true of AFP. I think there may be some modifications or mitigations there, but where things are a bit better in the back half of the year versus where we are now where the customers aren't buying at all. And then so it's got probably some moderate upside. And then when it comes to the advanced materials segment, you know, that's a little bit more complicated. Right? Again, interwear is fine. Performance films, you know, does have inventory in the marketplace right now, so that will run out at some point as you go in the back of the year. But they're ramping up plants to replace, you know, a bunch of inventory. From being made in China or in Europe. So hard to say exactly how that balances out, but I'd say that the headwind in the back half is a little bit more than the first half. On And then on specialty plastics, you know, the headwind there would be more than where we are now, you know, with the second quarter. Know, stop buying, you know, all these appliances and consumer durables, we'll have, you know, downside on the durable side, and then we'll have upside on selling more PT in the back half versus the first half that we as we start taking that to market. Obviously, that's lower margin, so it's not gonna be a total offset. So some more exposure on SP in the back half. Versus the first.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thanks a lot, Art. I would note there are
Mark Costa: I would note there are mitigating actions, you know, that we're taking that are a lot broader across, you know, just, you know, inventory. So we certainly have done that. We're ramping up plans. We're definitely working with a lot of customers around how they're moving to other parts of the world to make products. So there's a lot of that going on right now. We're under pressure. Imagine what it's like. Being someone sourcing a blender, you know, from China right now. There's gonna be pricing opportunities that we're gonna find across the portfolio. There's gonna be volume growth opportunities that we've, you know, built we can realize here in the US. We've got opportunities when it comes to, you know, direct competition being, bit more expensive as it's being imported, you know, so we're gonna see some benefits, you know, in those kind of areas. You know, for example, in specialty plastics, we'll see some of those benefits. When it comes to, you know, thinking about parts of the portfolio in AFP, we'll see some benefits around Ag and even things in CI will see benefits like floor tiles. So there's a bunch of different examples moving around where there'll be some, you know, growth we should realize in the US. I mean, we are the ultimate company with a low-cost structure to serve the North American market across all different products that we make.
Operator: Thank you. Yes. Our next question is from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you, and good morning. Mark, could you talk a little bit about the CapEx reduction and sort of what triggered the decision you made on I guess, sort of deferring that CapEx at Longview? And are there any sort of costs associated with doing that in terms of the overall cost of the plant? Seems like timing's not changing, but just curious there. Good morning, Vincent. For the question. As we're looking across the scenarios that Mark has outlined, obviously, being for
Willie McClain: for the potential downside of an extended trade dispute. We looked at, you know, now is the right time to optimize both efficiency and effectiveness of a CapEx reduction. Obviously, we're in the engineering phase of the Longview, Texas project. And, you know, we can go through that detailed engineering and basically get more complete before we start, you know, to solidify the commitments without affecting the timelines of the completion of the project. So as you think about the midpoint, we reduced our capital from roughly $750 to $550. I would again note that our CapEx from a maintenance standpoint is about $350 million. And we're still investing in this environment, you know, solidly above our DNA. So we're confident in our strategy, but we want to make sure that we're also prepared for those downside scenarios. And making sure we deploy it efficiently. I would also highlight that, you know, the Texas project is the largest project, but it's still a little bit less than half of the reduction. And most of that is the remainder is across a combination of other business growth. And I mean, the key maintenance.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And then if I could ask you, I know in the sort of March conference season, you had you had some concern over March orders, and then it
Willie McClain: sort of turned out that that they were
Vincent Andrews: guess, better than feared or a bit better than expected. I'm not sure which it is. But just curious what happened there because usually usually when when they're starts to be hiccups in the order book, they they don't reverse. So what what any any color there?
Mark Costa: Yes. So we are certainly with all the trade talk even in the first quarter, you have to remember, we still had 20% tariffs being put on in China, etcetera. There was a lot of caution that developed around customers and what they wanted to order. And so we're reading into that, you know, as we were getting into March, and then frankly, just surprised in how people sort of bought more. I think it wasn't really a lot of pre-tariff buying. I'm sure there was a little bit of that at the end of March. But what's comforting around that question is April orders are similar to March. So if they were really pre-buying, you know, you would have seen a drop off in May in April as you as you as you've gone from March. We've seen that before in our past. And right now, we're not seeing that. So that's encouraging. And the new workbooks are holding up in April. May looks okay. You know, June two is just too far away for us to really assess when it comes to sort of our order of visibility. I do think, you know, we're in solid shape, but there is, you know, uncertainty risk, obviously, in June with how all these discussions around the world go.
Greg Riddle: Let's have the next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much.
Willie McClain: You abandoned your annual earnings guidance but but you but you didn't but you're still guiding for annual
Jeff Zekauskas: cash flow?
Willie McClain: Why is that? Why would the cash flow for the year
Jeff Zekauskas: be more forecastable than the earnings? Or why do you have more certainty around the cash flow?
Willie McClain: Yeah. Good morning, Jeff. Thanks for the question. Obviously, as we've highlighted in our prepared remarks and even in the Q&A this morning, it is highly uncertain and we pivoted to an emphasis on cash generation ahead of a potential recession. As I think through the levers that we have, you know, whether it be, you know, the cash earnings obviously, but we have a broader set of working capital and operating set of solutions and also how we manage variable resources, across our global asset base. And in that, we've got flexibility that I think gives us a narrower range on the cash out versus all the accounting ramifications that comes in with an earnings estimate when you're trying to deal with these choices. As we've highlighted, you know, if the trade dispute is resolved in the short term, ultimately, we'll have higher cash earnings and less working capital actions. If it's drawn out, then you ultimately, it could cause a recession. But the dynamic between EBITDA and the OCF that we're gonna deliver, you know, ultimately, will be based on that trade scenario. But we do have higher confidence, and I think we've done that across multiple economic environments in the past.
Mark Costa: Yeah. I think that we're really proud of the fact that, you know, we try and look forward and see what's coming and be prepared to take whatever actions are necessary to serve weather storms. I mean, this industry has been, you know, facing a lot of storms over the last, you know, seven years. And it's well over machine on how to react to it at Eastman. You know, the reality is if the focus on cash is not needed because the economy is snapping back and recovering, then that's upside. It's easy to run the plants, you know, harder in the back half of the year. And catch up. We have the excess capacity at this point. So, you know, I think this is the prudent way to approach things, and we'll, you know, obviously adjust as the macro economy and sort of create a related matter sort of evolve.
Jeff Zekauskas: K.
Willie McClain: And then secondly, what you did is you estimated
Jeff Zekauskas: the tariff impact at $30 million in the second quarter.
Willie McClain: How do you calculate that? Is that lost sales? Is that
Jeff Zekauskas: tariffs
Willie McClain: that you're paying
Jeff Zekauskas: You know, what and could you describe where it seems that you're paying the tariffs or whether you're being reimbursed for your customers. Where are the tariffs actually touching you? And is it China mainly? Or is it other, you know, regions as well? Can you sort of get to the bottom of this?
Willie McClain: Thirty million number you know, what it might be in the third quarter if things continued.
Mark Costa: So, Jeff, it comes to the impacts on the tariffs in the second quarter, it is an impact on volume as opposed to an impact on duty. Right? So when you have a 125% duty into China, and there's a hope that the trade it will get settled, in between the two countries. Customers, you know, don't wanna buy a lot. With that adder. So that's the impact you're seeing in fibers where we're projecting less sale of, you know, a flake for the Toe JV, less NIA textile fibers being purchased, you know, while people wait to see what plays out. In this. Quarter. So that's what happened there. Same thing I said in AFP, the high-value cellulose stick additives that go in all these coatings and pharma applications, some other applications. Those customers carry a huge amount of inventory because it is such an important product for them for them the product they make, and it's such a small percentage. Of the total cost of these products in these cellulose additives and a and p, that you know, they're not gonna take any risk. And so they had inventory, months of it, and so can, you know, through this quarter, just not order. So they, you know, are pulling inventory down. Right? And then it's the same dynamic in advanced materials, but just less because we had a lot of imagery available in that marketplace, you know, for we make it in inner layers there. We, you know, already explained everything around d f and s p. The real risk there is the ability to sell what they make as a finished product back to China, and I think people are everyone in that whole supply chain sort of trying to figure out what they're gonna do on that dynamic. So it's a volume hit as opposed to a tariff hit. I mean, what I'd also notice Yeah. While we have this exposure because we make a lot of product here in the US and we export around the world. We're also vertically integrated, and this is a very unique competitive advantage for us on that integration, which is most of the material raw materials that we use across the company are sourced in North America. So we're not facing much tariff risk of what we have to pay for on the raw material side of things. Even PX, which we buy around the world, we have sourcing from all countries around the world so that we can flex on where we get our PX and obviously, PX prices are very low right now. So, you know, we don't like, a lot of companies who buy a lot of raw materials, that may not have much exports to China where they're having that problem they have to manage or, you know, for buying auto parts the auto industry or whatever else. You know, we don't have that issue. Our issue is, you know, this, primarily China-related matter right now as far as the second quarter is concerned. And I think I already addressed, you know, how it trends, you know, into the back half of the year in my answer ahead of you.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay. Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin McCarthy from VRP. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes. Thank you, and good morning. Mark, I wanted to come back to the discussion around the fiber segment and the issue of destocking. I think what you said in the past and you alluded to again this morning is that, you know, a high percentage of the volume is under contract. And, obviously, the implication of that is that, you know, the business should be relatively stable. Volumetrically. So I'm trying to weigh those two things, you know, more severe destocking and contractual protection. And so maybe you can kinda talk through the first quarter volume was down 12%. Do you think that could be indicative of the year or do you have sort of take or pay provisions in some of these contracts whereby maybe they'll be destocking in the first half, but then customers become obligated. To meet minimum volume requirements as the year progresses. Any thoughts along those lines to, you know, frame out or bracket that the volume risk would be? Much appreciated.
Mark Costa: Sure. So on the volume side of the equation, price, by the way, is just pretty predictable and locked in. So this is really a volume question for this year than a price question. With these contracts. But on the volume, there's always a band of volume that customers can buy within from a low to high range. You know, typically, the middle range is what they're aiming to do. And we have customers, you know, buying, you know, in the first and second quarter at the low end of the volume range. So they're not violating the contract. They're just at the low end of the band. Across, you know, the customer base. What's changed, I'd say, from December and early January to now is it's a broader set of customers who are now destocking than what we originally had expected in January to where we are today. So no one sort of violating contract, but there's just more customers moving to do some destocking and move to lower end of their band. Then we were originally notified, if you will, in January about the forecast in versus where we are now. So as you think about it and you're going back in the second half, this just comes to question with each customer, just how much inventory do they really have to do stock and where they would then start moving back up into the band to normal. Or staying, you know, at the lower level. And I think that it's gonna be a challenging year. I would expect maybe it gets modest in the back half versus the first half as some customers address their inventory issues. But we're just gonna have to see how it evolves.
Kevin McCarthy: Okay. And then secondly, if I may, on the subject to tariffs, I appreciate the very headwinds that you articulated. I'm curious, though. Are there examples of product lines within Eastman's portfolio where the tariffs may be helping you in chemical intermediates, for example, or otherwise? Or is that just simply not the case and, you know, the overall economic environment impact is sort of overwhelming, any such benefits.
Mark Costa: Certainly. So I would say the opportunities are still emerging. So it's early days to sort of have a definitive view on this. As these tariffs are still being debated and implemented. Performance films, for example, does have upside in North America. We are by far the largest player in the performance films business, but we still have a lot of different competitors out there. All of our product is made in the US, so we are advantage in having a larger scale, you know, US manufacturing base. Our competitors are sourcing some filament domestically, but a lot of it is being sourced abroad, including places like China, etcetera. Where they're facing tariffs. So we think there's gonna be opportunities there to win some share, but it sort of depends on where the auto market sales are going and how those net together in the short term. But certainly a place where relative to the market, we will do better. And especially plastics, there are definitely opportunities where we have, you know, imported products that we have to compete against. So the shrink labels around the packaging for beverage bottles as an example, even some of the consumer durables. There are manufacturing capabilities in the US that some of our customers have, and they're ramping that up. And we're gonna sort of see, you know, growth there in volume that they have, you know, that could be advantageous for us. The ag space is another place where we're gonna have opportunity. Our ag customers were facing a lot of downs, you know, competition with formulated ag, you know, crop protection products being imported in and really frankly dumped in America at very low prices. So the tariffs are gonna create some relief for them and ability to sort of regain some market share. So that's another place where I think we'll see some benefits about our customers growing relative to exports out of China and some other countries. Even in building construction, there are opportunities like floor tiles. You know, which use our plasticizers. A lot of that got offshore to China and supplied by Chinese manufacturers. Know, that make DOTP. And we have a number of customers who are now looking to bring that production back here. This is a place where capacity does exist. To ramp up in US manufacturing. So there's a bunch of places. You know, it's not uniform across the portfolio. And I think, ultimately, there'll be price benefits across the CI portfolio. When you get some additional, you know, settlement of just the competitive dynamics are going on right now. So the CI is a little complicated because you have a lot of companies were exporting chemicals, and now they can't export them as easily. And so there's a dynamic there that's settling itself out. But over time, there should be upside.
Kevin McCarthy: Perfect. Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Frank Mitsch from Fermium Research. Sorry. Frank's line has just been closed. Let me just reopen it for him.
Frank Mitsch: Hello? Thanks.
Mark Costa: Hello. Can you hear me? Hey, Frank. Yes. Yep. Hey. Good morning.
Frank Mitsch: Hey. Good morning. Sorry about that. I don't know what happened. But given the number of ways things can go, certainly can't fault the pulling of annual guidance. I wanna focus on the second quarter. As I think about Eastman, you know, more of a less of a cold than most companies that I follow. That range of a dollar seventy to a dollar ninety is rather large. So can you talk about the, you know, kind of the puts and takes to hit the low end and the high end? What's what what are you embedding in terms of that wide range?
Mark Costa: To put it simply, it's a question around demand in June. And, you know, to some degree, May. But with the uncertainty of everything we've discussed on this call, you know, how orders trend with customers is just heavily connected to that. We're very encouraged that April's holding up, which is great. So, you know, we're off to, you know, a solid start the quarter. But, you know, how customers behave and how many orders get placed creates the range on that end uncertainty. I mean, there are other smaller things around depends on, you know, natural gas prices and currency and this, that, and the other. But the principal question is just a demand question. In the back half of the quarter.
Frank Mitsch: Interesting. Yeah. I don't I wanna drill into that, the positive take on April trending in line with March. As I might have thought that historically, April I don't wanna be too granular, but I would have thought that April would have been a little bit better than March given building and construction, etcetera. But it seems like it's kind of one for one. And is that is that typically the norm at Eastman?
Mark Costa: It is typical for April to be similar to March in a good year. Or a solid year. I mean, not a great year or a bad year. What happens you gotta remember, you know, the result of a quarter is three months. Right? So every quarter typically starts out where the beginning is weak and it gets stronger through the quarter. So the last quarter March, June, September, all tend to be the stronger month of the year of the quarter. And so the fact that April saw, you know, similar to March, which is a strong month, is good. Right? So you're building off of that. Performance because March was better than January and April. I'm sorry, January and February. But, you know, so I would put this in sort of normal start to a Q2. As opposed to or bad. Okay. Gotcha. Gotcha. It
Frank Mitsch: gotcha. Gotcha. And then and then just following up on a lot of discussion on volumes in tow, obviously. But back to your earlier point about how small toe is as a percent of the cigarette, and so, you know, raising, you know, tariffs, raising the price by a hundred and forty-five percent or something like that. Who is you know, when you sell to CNTC, do are they paying or will they be paying that tariff and you're maintaining price? Or conversely, if you're having to eat some of the tariff or what have you, we would prevent you from raising price given how small it is as a percent of the total?
Mark Costa: That's a great question. So technically, you know, when you're going into a country, you see that you're the one paying the duty and you have to decide to raise the price to cover the duty or not. In the way that that works. The conversations of the joint venture between Chinese Ashford Tobacco Company and us, you know, has obligation to buy Flake from us. But they can jointly decide with us that if the price is too high for the flake, that they can they will reduce production. If it's not economic at that price to sell the tub. And so that is where the volume risk comes, you know, with this plate sales is that price much higher than the other plants that the CNTC has. Right? Remember they have a spectrum of joint ventures making tow. All joint ventures with us or, you know, a lot with Saloneys and some other players. Those are making both the flake and the tow in China. So we're the only ones importing flake into China. So they can flex up, you know, the run rate of those other assets and reduce the run rate of this asset if our flake is too expensive.
Frank Mitsch: Okay. Gotcha. Fingers crossed that's ninety days from now on your next call, this whole conversation will have been moot. And we'll be back to normal. But thanks so much.
Mark Costa: Thank you, Frank. And it's a good point, Frank. I mean, if we get these things all this tariff to moderate back to sort of more rational levels and let's just say ten to twenty percent range versus, you know, where we're at now. I don't think we should fantasize about everything going to zero. You know, I do think things can normalize and get a lot better and, you know, we would be able to snap back towards our original forecast for the back half of the year from January. You do need to get some of this extreme tension taken out of the system.
Greg Riddle: Let's go to the next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Sison from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Mike Sison: Hey, good morning.
Greg Riddle: Mark, you sort of gave a soft recession sort of outlook, I guess. In your prepared remarks, how do you think the
Mike Sison: you know, Eastman portfolio should hold up or perform if the US does go into recession. You know, in 2023, your volumes took a pretty big hit
Greg Riddle: for advanced materials and AFP, but
Mike Sison: you know, a lot of destocking there. So just yeah. Where do you think volumes would sort of mirror in if we do go that route, unfortunately, this year.
Mark Costa: Yeah. It's a good question, Mike. And I think there's a lot of mitigating actions we're taking. But to answer your question first, I think that the demand situation this year will be considerably different and less potentially than what happened in the 2022 time frame. So we've been in a manufacturing recession since the summer of 2022, and we have not come out of it. Right? I mean, demand has been challenged as we all know with the inflation and the interest rate hikes, etcetera. Especially on the consumer discretionary demand side of the equation. You know, cars, homes, autos, you know, we're still below 2019. And at the same time, there's been no driver for restocking in these markets. So inventory levels that are sitting around the planet right now are not that high. Right? They're at appropriate levels for this low demand scenario. And people have only had a couple of months to react to this tariff risk. There's not a lot of time to sort of build inventory ahead of, you know, this tariff risk, you know, through the first quarter, and you're worried about recession. So everyone's trying to balance just how much inventory you wanna have. What's happened is the geographical location and inventory has changed a lot. Right? So anyone had blenders in TVs in China got them in the west. But that doesn't mean they, you know, made twice as much. And same thing. We got materials into China. So, you know, materials have moved around, but I don't think we're sitting on a huge amount of inventory right now. For a destocking event, and I don't think, you know, demand has a big step down because we're already at a relatively low level of demand. Compared to a normal recession. So, you know, there are extreme differences, you know, obviously, between the US and China economies being dislocated at these tariff rates that you gotta then factor in. So hard to put it all together, but you just don't have that sort of mountain of risk, you know, in absolute volumes, I think, this time relative to where we were in 2022. So I think that's important to keep in mind. The second thing I'd say is, you know, there will be a tailwind, you know, on the price cost relationship if you go in a recession. Similar to the demand situation, I don't think the tailwind will be as significant. Because, you know, we've already been at, you know, sort of stress levels in pricing. With raw materials. But I do think, you know, you'll have a tailwind there to offset, you know, that demand dynamic. And there's just a lot you can do to manage, you know, through this. In the actions you take. Right? So as we've said, we've already focused on making sure we're gonna be sort of cash generative in how we're performing. There's a whole list of mitigating actions tariffs I've already mentioned. You know, there is still innovation that's allowing us to grow above markets. You know, the commercial excellence of our teams is phenomenal in defending pricing and value per products, which we demonstrated over the last three years and we'll continue to do. And method analysis is a unique upside to Eastman. Where we've got, you know, that $75 million of EBITDA as a way to offset some of all these challenges we've been talking about. And, of course, we'll be, you know, prudent on the capex front so that, you know, from a free cash flow point of view, we're in good shape. So a lot of things that we're doing to manage through it, I think, you know, I would not recommend just running a proxy analysis on demand for 2022, you know, and 2023 relative to this scenario. For the reasons I just mentioned.
Mike Sison: Got it. And as a quick follow-up, if the tariffs were resolved, and we get back to that eight eight seventy-five run rate for the second half, what was the volume assumptions that AFP and AM could do? Like, low, mid-single digits, is that sort of what were hoping for initially?
Mark Costa: Yeah. That's about right, Mike. I think that the, you know, people are really draining stock right now to avoid the tariffs, which means, you know, inventory is gonna be a lot lower. Than what is normally if we're going back to a normal economy. So, you know, you would hope end markets continue to, you know, come back to some stability. There's gonna be friction from all these tariffs. So, you know, if we're at ten to twenty percent tariff, know, there is gonna be some consumer friction around that and what people can afford to pay or people managing headcount costs. If there are, you know, companies are absorbing the, you know, the hit. That will have an impact on the economy. You know, But you'll have a restocking, you know, bringing forward back to more normal levels. That, you know, will certainly help volumes in the second half, you know, be better.
Greg Riddle: Thank you. Let's make the next question the last one, please.
Operator: Of course. Our next question is from Josh Spector from UBS. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
James Cannon: Hey, guys. This is James Cannon on for Josh. Thanks for taking my question. Just given all the uncertainty in the market, just wanted to focus on some of more controlled controllable items. And looking at the guidance that baked in the $20 million headwind from turnarounds. Could you just help level set how the turnaround schedule is expected to look in the back half?
Willie McClain: Yeah. So what I would highlight, it is unique for us to have the scheduled turnarounds here in the first half. In Q2 specifically. So we've got the sequential $20 million headwind. I would say, you know, sequentially into Q3 will be at similar levels. And then Q4 would actually be an improvement. So we're basically two versus Q4. Obviously, in this uncertain environment, that also helps us get ahead as we look at inventory and generating cash flow because taking actions here in Q2 and Q3 ultimately defines the year in cash.
James Cannon: Thank you.
Greg Riddle: Did you have a follow-up question? Sorry.
James Cannon: Okay. Now I Thanks, everyone, for joining us.
Greg Riddle: Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Appreciate it. Yep. Thanks, everyone, for joining us. We appreciate you joining this call. Hope have a great rest of your day.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. May now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-31 02:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2024 Eastman Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman website, www.eastmann.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle, Eastman Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. Greg Riddle Thank you, Harry, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Willie McLain, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Jake LaRoe and Emily Alexander from the Investor Relations team. Yesterday, after market close, we posted our fourth quarter and full-year 2024 financial results news release and SEC -- and SEC 8-K filing, our slides and the related prepared remarks in the Investors section of our website, eastman.com. Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to our future expectations are or will be detailed in our fourth quarter and full-year 2024 financial results news release, during this call, in the preceding slides and prepared remarks and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-K filed for full-year 2023 and the Form 10-K to be filed for full-year 2024. Second, earnings referenced in this presentation excludes certain non-core and unusual items. Reconciliations to the most directly-comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded and adjusted items are available in the fourth quarter and full-year 2024 financial results news release. As we posted the slides and accompanying prepared remarks on our website last night, we will now go straight into Q&A. Harry, please, let's start with our first question.
Operator: Our first question will come from the line of Josh Spector with UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
James Cannon: Hey guys, this is James Cannon on for Josh. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to jump-in on the AM guidance. I think between the overall segment and what you're assuming for the Kingsport contribution, it seems like you're assuming a decline in the base business and I just was wondering if you could unpack some of the moving pieces there.
Mark Costa: Yes, sure. So first of all, AM has had a great success in recovering earnings from a challenging environment in 2023 through 2024 and it really is an impressive recovery of the actual core business in Advanced Materials in 2024 as we fell short on sort of our circular earnings goals in that year. So the macroeconomy is certainly challenging right now, as we all know. And lack of destocking certainly helped last year. As we move into this year, you really got a more stable flat market without that tailwind. So you have to create all of your own growth this year, which we're doing. So when you look at the growth that we're going to deliver in the circular platform is pretty substantial with that $75 million to $100 million guide for the company with $50 million of it being in Advanced Materials. When you look at the innovation that we're creating that drove growth last year and will continue to drive growth this year through innovation in our core business in a very flat market, I think is again a testament to the power of our strategy and the value of this segment. But there are headwinds in the core business that sort of mitigate some of that volume growth within the core to your question. So we've got increasing natural gas prices across the company and a good portion of that shows up into Advanced Materials. You've got currency being a headwind and a good portion of that shows up in Advanced Materials. That's a good portion of the $50 million in natural gas and the [$30] (ph) million in currency. So that offsets some of that volume and mix growth and sort of levels out the core earnings. But we still expect the segment overall to have very strong performance. And I think it's really well-positioned when you think about the strength of that stability in the core, building with innovation on-top of it and then and how that then levers into more growth in 2026. I would also say that cost management is going to help the segment as well. So it's a combination of things that you sort of flatten out, the earnings growth in the core due to these new headwinds. But I don't think there's anything to be concerned about long-term?
James Cannon: Okay, got it. And then could you just frame for us what the -- what the Kingsport contribution looked like in 4Q and maybe what you're assuming in 1Q?
William McLain : Yes. So as we look at how we ended the year, we've came in modestly below the low-end of the range that we gave for 2024. We continue to work-through the higher costs associated with reduced uptime from earlier in the year. But in the fourth quarter, we demonstrated continual operational improvement and we've run well since we saw each of you in November of work at 85% DMT yield since our fall turnaround and uptime continues to prove. We continue setting new production levels since that last shutdown and we're well-positioned for strong operating leverage in 2025 from both higher production and reduced operational spend.
Mark Costa: I would add that all the success in this plant is a tremendous testament to the teams, the operators, the engineers, everyone who surrounded and built this plant and got it up and running. It's just extraordinary amount of effort that this team has invested to get such a complicated plant to do something so extraordinary to take basically garbage and turn it into high-quality virgin polymer is a real proof point for how Eastman can build extraordinarily advantaged technologies and build a long-term competitive advantage that I think will be very difficult for anyone to replicate. And the only reason that happens is, all the people who've done such great work.
James Cannon: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question today will be from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Mark, a couple of questions related to the new administration. First, on the Texas project, any concerns or thoughts on the DOE funding going-forward and could be -- could that be at-risk here?
Mark Costa: Sure, David. Thanks for the question. Obviously, we're paying very close attention to the new administration. First, our projects under contract with the DOE and we've already received our first funds from the program and so we feel like we're on a good track there. To back up for a moment, I want to sort of recognize and say, I really appreciate President Trump's focus on growing US manufacturing. I think it's incredibly important. I think a lot of us forget that you don't really actually have an economy without an industrial base and that includes vertical integration to key raw materials. And that's really both not just for an economic reason, but also for our security -- national security reason. And so, if we reflect on where we are today in America, we're really at-risk of losing American competitiveness that we've built over the last eight years. While sort of US consumption has gone up a lot over the last two decades, US manufacturing has declined. So the idea of driving and supporting US manufacturing, I think is an incredibly important priority. And when you think about our circular economy project, I think it fits perfectly with his agenda and what he's trying to accomplish on three different reasons. First, a circular investment is about a building infrastructure in America and reshoring jobs and building supply-chain resiliency. When you think about the products that come off of this facility for food packaging, medical and a variety of other vital consumer durables, we need to have that sort of resiliency in this country and we're onshoring jobs basically from Asia to Texas. We're also going to create a lot of jobs downstream of this as people sort of want to lever into reshoring manufacturing and supplying raw materials to them. And importantly, upstream of us. So as we make this investment, we create jobs in revenue for recycling infrastructure that feeds into this kind of facility and the others that need to be built in this country and that creates a sustainable growth not just in Texas, but across the country. The second factor is it actually creates energy independence. Plastic waste is basically oil sitting above-ground in landfill. So you're using it as feedstock for the world scale advantage process and we have an advantaged cost position if oil is above $60. So it's value-creating in a meaningful way. And the third factor, of course, is the circular economy will create a long-term US competitive advantage because the circular economy is by definition defined as taking local plastic waste as feedstock from the local environment. Imports obviously shouldn't count as recycled content because that's solving someone else's waste problem, not ours. And whether you're Republican or a Democrat, no one likes plastic waste, they all want it solved. Even Trump signed a Save our Seas Act in the first-term showing that marine debris and impacts to the environment are important to him on this topic. So I think that it fits his agenda well. We're very excited to be sort of doing this. I think Eastman, frankly, as a company fits his agenda well as -- given how large we are US manufacturer.
David Begleiter: No, very good. And just on the similar point, you are a large US exporter. What are your thoughts and concerns over potential as Trump raises tariffs, potentially potential retaliatory tariffs on US exports?
Mark Costa: Yeah. So just building on, I guess, the last answer, David. I do think that trade is an important topic. Back to that US manufacturing point I just made. I think strategic trade actions along with addressing sort of overwhelming regulations, having pro-growth tax policy, workforce development, et-cetera, were all critical to sort of driving and growing US manufacturing, which will certainly benefit Eastman in the long-term and many other companies. When I look back at the last time there was a sort of trade event in 2019, Eastman actually managed that from a direct impact really quite well. And the only impact we really had was there was a slowdown in the short-term there for economic activity and sort of we felt that. And when I reflect back on that timeframe, we don't really face that much Chinese competition in North America. So it didn't have a lot of relevance to us to see the trade benefits. But obviously, a lot of US manufacturing did and that helped stabilize the economy in some other areas that sort of helps as we sort of go through that trade friction. Today is different though. So when you look at where we are today versus then, the economy was actually relatively strong going into that event. The economy in global manufacturing now is incredibly weak across the globe. So I think the rate at which people can get aggressive if they're focused on stabilizing and growing their economy will be limited given those weaker positions that many countries have. And we're also in a pretty challenged economic time. So it's not clear to me how much more negative impact tariffs can have on-top of the manufacturing recession we're already in. So I think that this -- while it sounds really dramatic because there's so many different countries being discussed around what might have some tariff actions in it, and that is certainly a wider factor than 2019. And I think that there's pros and cons of this, and I think so-far we have seen some careful thought being deployed by the administration about what's appropriate and not acting yet until they have a clear plan. So we'll see -- there's no way for me to estimate the impacts at this stage given everything I just said, we're going to need to see specific actions to really have an informed point-of-view. But I will say that, our forecast does not include any significant impact from the trade actions.
David Begleiter: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will be from the line of Mike Sison with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Mike Sison: Hey guys, nice end to the year. I had a question on AFP. The adjusted EBIT came in a lot stronger in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter relative to your guidance. You talked about a couple of things in the transcript. But can you give us a little bit of color on why that segment did so well sequentially when normally it takes a little bit of a debt.
Mark Costa: Yes. So first, AFP had a great year as well as a great quarter. And frankly, the whole company had a great year. We're really excited about it, both on the earnings we delivered and the strength of cash-flow that we generated. So -- and AFP is a strong contributor to both the earnings and the cash-flow. So it was great. When it came to sort of how it came in better-than-expected, it was on both fronts. So volume mix came in a bit more -- it came in a bit better than we expected. We expected a certain amount of destocking that might have gone beyond normal destocking. And we came in a little bit better than our original thought on that side. And then raw-material flow-through was also better across a number of different products and that combination of those two things helped. We even got some more fills in [HDF] (ph) than we expected as part of that and all those came together in a way that you made the outcome better. And then I'd say that's sort of the story for the year for AM and for the company. We didn't have in a market that gave us a lot of tailwinds outside of a lack of destocking. So the 23% earnings growth, ASP's contribution in it is about pulling ever lever we got, defending every bit of volume we had with customers, finding innovation everywhere we can, spending price incredibly well, which is a true testament to the sustainability of our value proposition through our innovation. And good management on cost, etc. So this was a tough year that was delivered by actions, small little actions taken by everyone across the company to deliver it.
Mike Sison: Got it. And then just a quick one on fibers. It looks like this will be the third year in a row of really good margins, pricing. You're going to -- the guidance looks pretty good in that 400 plus level. When you think about that business going-forward, how sustainable do you think these pricing levels are? You saw some destocking here. I think there's some new capacity coming on as well. And just given that it's been such a big improvement from 2002, 2021 levels.
Mark Costa: So certainly, fibers has improved significantly back to where it was back-in the 2013, 2014 timeframe. And so, it's not like these are new levels. We were at them in our history. In the short term, what I'd say is, based on everything customers are telling us, you've got a set of actions that are happening that are causing earnings to sort of normalize. Inventory management is certainly the key driver of the volume being adjusted. You have to remember that toe is 2% of the price of a cigarette. And the cigarette margins for our customers are greater than 60% in gross margin. So they really don't want to miss the sales. So security supply is phenomenally important to them when the markets are very tight. And so, they built a lot of safety stock as a result of the 2021, 2022 timeframe to make sure that they were never shortening a customer. So I think that is what's going on right now. And we still have -- as we look through 2026, greater than 80% of our customers under volume commitments, but there's a band of volume that they can hit inside these contracts and so that destocking is showing up with some customers. And we do expect the prices to be higher. But the bigger overall question is just what's the supply-demand dynamics in this context. And first, demand is not changing. So when it comes to volume adjustments here, we're not seeing any sort of material change in the demand from the end-market, we still expect it to be a modest 1% to 2% decline. Cigarettes are declining faster than that, but it's being offset by the high-growth of the heat-not burn products that still use toe and in some cases more toe than a cigarette. So market -- end market stability, I think still is in place there. There is some new capacity that's been added in China, which is roughly sort of 5% of market demand. So when you compare this back to 2015, the amount of change in demand in 2015 was significantly higher than this kind of modest market decline because the Chinese have massively overbuilt inventory through the retail channel and we're destocking in a pretty aggressive way. And the capacity that was added in China also back in that timeframe was significant. It makes this current capacity adds look very small in comparison to the backward integration that they did in that 2013, 2014 timeframe. So these conditions now are a lot more modest. And when you put them together for now, we're going from a very tight market condition to probably utilizations in the low-90s. And so, while we certainly see some adjustments going on, we think of this sort of current dynamic being a lot more stable than what occurred in the past. And also historically, we've seen companies in this industry adjust high-cost capacity to align their low-cost capacity to serve the existing market as it adjusts in volume. So -- and there's still high-cost assets out there. So we'll see how this plays out, but we think this business is still going to normalize at a very attractive level for the company and for investors. Of course, we're also not just sitting around waiting for the market. We're taking cost-reduction actions across the company and significant amount of that also applies into this area over the next couple of years and as a way to continue to manage our cost competitiveness. And we haven't been sitting on our laurels on this one either, right? We've known that a diverse portfolio of ways to grow from the cellulosic chain as we talked about in the deep-dive is incredibly important. So a lot of growth opportunities in [indiscernible], a lot of growth opportunities in Aventa and some other products to drive the stream and keep it growing. So we feel good about where we're at and all the innovation investments we've made to make this whole stream vital going-forward.
Mike Sison: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from the line of Aleksey Yefremov with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Reading about your Rapid Brewer last night was quite a blessing. I wanted to ask you a question about Advanced Materials outlook this year. You're discussing that there's higher costs in the first-half that could pinch your margins and then you'll be raising your prices was a lag. So should we think of that dynamic as your first-half earnings in Advanced Materials are somewhat under the run-rate at which they'll be exiting the year?
Mark Costa: Yes. So look, there's a lot of dynamics going on and it's a little more complicated this year than most. So in the first quarter, you've got roughly $25 million of costs that's moving out of corporate and other and going into Advanced Materials in Q1. So, on a year-over-year basis, obviously, that's a headwind. And it's impressive that we're delivering the earnings in our forecast for Q1 offsetting that with volume mix growth as well as maintaining good price discipline and starting to [indiscernible] cost reduction actions for the year, which will start -- which we started in the -- in December and November headed into this year. So you're going to see some of that benefit, but that will definitely build through the year. So as you look through the year, you've got the cost benefits coming in through the year that are helpful. You've got the circular economy that's going to definitely be back-half loaded and how it helps earnings in the back-half relative to the first-half as sales ramp-up and utilization ramps-up. Offsetting that, you've got natural gas energy costs that -- a good portion of that $50 million I mentioned earlier flows into the segment and that flows in as a headwind through the year as those costs go into inventory then flow out of inventory with increasing energy costs. So there are a lot of moving parts. I think the segment overall is well-positioned to deliver very attractive results for the year, but it's -- there's a lot of -- a lot of pluses and minuses as you look first-half back half.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thanks, Mark. And I also wanted to follow-up on the filter tow. So in the past, you used to go through your annual contract negotiations right about now. So I wanted to ask you if you gained any visibility in your portfolio of contracts here beyond 2026 in terms of prices, margins, volumes, et-cetera, kind of a
Mark Costa: So we switched from an annual contracting process to a multi-year process with a number of customers, not all, but a number of them, especially the big ones. And to provide that stability, we've talked a lot about that to all of you over the past quarters. And that process is still in place where we have, as I said, about 80% of the volume contracted in 2026, we probably have 60% contracted in 2027, and probably it's actually higher than that, but it's closer to 70%. So we feel good about sort of this multi-year contracting that we have in place and how that adds a certain amount of volume stability and price stability to this business. But we also have to respect that our customers have to manage their inventory and make sure it's at the right level to demand and working with them on how to make those adjustments this year.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: The next question will be from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. It sounds like the methanolysis plant is running well still, which is great. So maybe you could talk a little bit about the volume sales side of the equation. I think last year, the sales were a little bit below what you expected and I think some of it had to do with just sort of not being able to run the plant as well as you wanted to early in the year when the consumer products companies tend to introduce innovation and maybe you miss some opportunities to be in those lines. So could you talk about how you're seeing the order book at this point in the year from that perspective as well as there have been some sort of high-profile backing off from some of the consumer brands on some of their recycled plastic targets. So just where are we with all that and your view on sales for this year?
Mark Costa: That's a great question, Vince. And as you might guess, I spent a lot of my personal time with the team on this topic and all things circular. First of all, I think that we covered this topic fairly well at the deep-dive and our perspective on sort of the market conditions both this year and beyond have not changed. So nothing substantially changed. But to re-hit the sort of key points that we discussed back then. I mean, first, we have to recognize that the macroeconomic conditions that we're in right now are not helpful, right? So when you've got an economy that is challenged and weak demand combined with inflation at the same time that our customers are trying to manage through in what they're buying as well as consumers' attitude about all these brands and the prices. And they're having to make choices. And so, I think that has reduced the pace at which some of the brands are converting to ramp-up their orders. But we see a solid funnel that has developed and I believe we're sort of on-track across all the different markets we're serving. It's a bit different depending on which market you look at. And when you look at the durable side, we already have over 100 customers who have committed to renew and they're already paying premiums for those products. So there's not a lack of interest in the product, but there's a moderated pace. They want to really focus their efforts around product -- new launches where they can sort of do something in the market and see a way to grow share and create their own growth in a weak underlying market just like we are doing and where we can help them do that, but less interest in cannibalize something that's been on the shelf where they don't necessarily see an immediate improvement in their demand in that kind of upgrade because they need the splash of a new product. So I think that's pretty aligned and pretty sensible and we still see a lot of growth happening for us as a result of that. On the consumer packaging side, you have to remember that the first plant we built here is not really aimed at recycled PET. We are converting a line over to be able to make recycled PET by the summer where we will sell some PET in the back-half of the year with a number of different customers and we believe that will be successful. I think that on the broader question that you asked, Vincent, are people sort of changing their sort of commitment to sort of recycled content? I don't think there's any signs from a long-term point-of-view where we see people backing off on the -- at the brand level on the need to change. I mean, the reality is, the brands are very focused on the brand equity and consumers' engagement around their products and consumers really don't like plastic waste. It's an invisible, tangible issue to them in their lives every day. I can't tell you how much it comes up in every cocktail session or dinner party I go to. Everyone's debating climate right now, including President Trump, but I'm not sure anyone is really debating plastic waste. I'm not seeing that. And it's an issue that people feel like they can do something about now that doesn't have a big sacrifice for them in what products they want to support compared to some of the climate implied choices they have to make. And it's bipartisan. I mean, as I said, President Trump even signed a Save your Seas Act. So I think that there's economic reasons brands are moving a bit slower. But I'm not sure the -- I don't think it's a lack of issue. The NGOs, the media are still very much going after plastic waste, I'd say in the -- in many states, they're more committed post-election to driving this agenda with what choices they can make at the state level. And regulations are certainly coming out in Europe that are driving and forcing change as well as in multiple states in the US. So I don't think that context is changing. I think it's moderated and to be reasonable in the economic environment we're in.
Vincent Andrews: And if I could just follow up separately. The prepared remarks talked about there being some volume in the fourth quarter that with customers sort of preparing around tariffs and things like that. But it doesn't look like that's coming out of your first quarter or is having a negative impact on your guidance. So was that -- was that particularly material in any of the segments, the sort of loading? And I guess sort of correlated to that question is just if it's not coming back out in the first quarter, is that just a function of customers just -- they just don't have a lot of inventory?
William McLain: Yes, thanks for the question. And yes, definitely agree. It was a modest impact on our volume mix beat here in Q4. And we're entering the year with order books that are strong that fully support the year-over-year growth that we see in Q1. We're expecting volume mix growth as well as price cost in the specialties in Q1. And along with the absence of the start-up cost, that's going to be more than offsetting the fibers inventory destocking. So right now, we have good visibility.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question will be from the line of Frank Mitsch with Fermium Research. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys, good morning. It's [Aziza] (ph) on for Frank. My first question was on the $50 million of net cost reduction for 2025. Can you elaborate on the regions or segments where the majority of that is expected to occur?
William McLain: Thanks, Aziza. Yes, we are definitely focused on improving our cost structure and this is to compete in the challenging environment. Our comprehensive plan to improve operating cost goes beyond our usual focus on offsetting inflation. I would highlight that success in innovation has driven complexity in our operations and we're optimizing our products and operations to maximize gross margin realization and that's key to success long-term. This was going to be meaningful yield improvements, optimizing our contractors and the usage of those. And right now also, there's significant MRO purchasing opportunities in this weak manufacturing environment. We also have some opportunities to optimize our global asset base, and we did some of that in 2024 with the shutdown of our inner layers resin operations line and with rising natural gas prices, as you would expect, the drive on energy efficiency will be key. As we think about operating segments, it will be across all four operating segments. To stay competitive in this global environment, that $50 million will be key and we're not standing still. We're moving forward aggressively on this plan.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. And in your conversations with your auto customers, I was curious what are their expectations in terms of a recovery on auto builds in the US and Europe?
Mark Costa: So on the auto sector, I think our expectations are pretty in line with what I've been hearing in the marketplace so-far where automotive demand in the 2025 versus 2024 are probably going to be globally sort of slightly down. I think it's likely that Europe might be up a bit given how low it already is, North American being more flattish and China maybe being a bit lower, especially given the strong sales they had in the Q4. I would note that this business has been very successful in creating its own growth, right? So if you look at 2024, we did delivered high single-digit growth in a market that was slightly down, largely for mix improvement as opposed to just absolute volume. We have quite a wide range of products here from our standard interlayers, to our acoustic inner layers, to our heads-up display or color and special gradients, a solar rejection, all kinds of different features. The price points are quite vastly different as well as the margins across that product slate. So as we're dramatically growing the -- in the upper-end of the market and this functionality, there's a huge mix lift from these sales. And our addressable market is actually growing before you even layer on that mix growth. So there's a lot of things where we're seeing more territory growth per car, right? So they're moving from windshields to side lamination with EVs even the sunroof has to be laminated because the sunroof is so big to help the drivers not feel so claustrophobic as they're sitting on six inches of battery. So there's a lot of territory we're getting and it's not limited EVs, it's including ICE cars that are moving to the side lambs and bigger summers. And we also are just getting more value per product as I said, with these higher-value products are being installed in these windows. So you got levered volume growth as well as mix upgrade associated with basically a flat market. So we continue finding ways to sort of create our own growth.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. I think your forecast for operating cash flow in 2025 is $1.3 billion, which is flat with 2024. Why isn't operating cash-flow growing?
William McLain: Good morning, Jeff. Thanks for the question. Obviously, the largest driver for operating cash improvement this year is EBITDA growth. That's largely being offset in our base plan due to higher cash taxes. Right now, our baseline expectation is that our cash conversion cycle for working capital will stay flat with the last couple of years, which is around 85 days. Obviously, at Eastman, the entire global team is focused on delivering cash and cash flow. And our challenge is to deliver that. And then as the environment unfolds, deliver as much upside to that as possible. So we're focused on cash. There's no change in that commitment, but there will be higher cash taxes in 2025.
Jeff Zekauskas: And secondly, historically, chemical intermediates tended to move in operating income with advanced materials and AFP. In other words, you'd make a lot in chemical intermediates and then you'd make a lot in advanced materials and AFP. And then conversely they would move together, not perfectly, but in general. Whereas in 2024, chemical intermediates went down and the other two businesses went up and you see that in the fourth quarter. And I get it, there have been divestitures in chemical intermediates. I mean, in general, should those income levels be correlated? Should we expect the three divisions to move in the same direction? Or has something changed about Eastman that they don't move in the same direction.
Mark Costa: Hey, Jeff, good to hear from you. And no, it's actually the opposite. So they tend to move in opposite directions. So if you look at -- if you go back to 2021, 2022 when inflation was really tight and demand was really high, you saw a blowout in commodity margins in the whole industry, including us where those earnings went up pretty dramatically. We were certainly benefiting the specialties by strong volume mix growth in that time frame, but a lot of that value was being offset by prices chasing the increasing pace of raw materials going up. And so, when you have very strong demand, you certainly have the volume growth, but you don't -- but it's mitigated by sort of chasing the prices. So there's actually a bit of a natural hedge between how the CI segment operates versus the specialties. And in addition to innovation being the center of our strategy and how we create a lot of growth and stability in our portfolio -- compared to the market, this portfolio diversity does the same thing, where a small part of chemical intermediate is relative to a big part, especially products actually sort of balances out some of the volatility.
Jeff Zekauskas: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question today will be from the line of Patrick Cunningham with Citigroup. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. This is [Eric Zang] (ph) on for Patrick. In AM, the prepared remarks mentioned a higher RM cost base on 4Q [LIFO] (ph) inventory benefit in CI, the 1Q 2025 guides for higher raw-material and energy costs. Which raw materials do you anticipate to be inflationary in 1Q?
William McLain: Yes, I would say as we think about transitioning between years, obviously, we've had the NGLs, so the propane has been higher. Also we've got the forecast for natural gas. Those are the key things. As it relates to Q4, it was primarily the benefit of that declined as we went through the quarter and that decline was a little bit better than we expected.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you. And then in [AFP] (ph), the prepared comments you mentioned new business wins and cost reductions mitigated and projected $30 million headwind. Could you provide some more insight on the strategy and execution?
Mark Costa: Sure. So on the growth side, the great thing about the AFP business is, it serves a lot of very stable markets that went back to sort of having modest growth last year versus 2023 and expected that sort of stable, modest growth to continue this year. And so that gives a nice core foundation when you're -- you've got ag, you've got pharma applications, water treatment, aviation, there's a certain amount of stability that you get -- that you've seen in that. And the volume growth this year is going to moderate relative to last year because we don't have --destocking, but those drivers will continue. And then on-top of that, they have innovation driving their own growth too. So we've got some great high-purity solvents that are experiencing growth in semiconductors, for example, we have progress we're making and winning a whole new set of applications in LNG that helps provide some stability for heat transfer fluids, which is more of a 2026 benefit than 2025. But we continue to make some sort of wins on that front. We've got a series of cylistic products that we're driving forward that we talked to you about at the deep-dive. So there's innovation there. It's not quite as big as Advanced Materials, but it has the benefit of not facing as much discretionary market exposure that Advanced Material has. They've also just done a phenomenally good job of managing commercial excellence and price and the value of the products and benefiting from some spread expansion last year and I'd say more stability this year as we go into this year. And of course, they get their benefit of the cost-reduction program that we're rolling across the segment to also help it up. So that's why you get that continued earnings improvement this year on top of what was an extraordinary performance last year.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: The next question today will be from the line of Salvator Tiano with Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Salvator Tiano: Good morning. So firstly, I wanted to go back a little bit to Kingsport methanolysis and you did mention that most of the improvement in AM earnings will come in the second-half. But I'm wondering how much of that is something that's already happening and you have -- or you have already line-of-sight, meaning that you have already found the customers that they just may not -- but they may need the volume in the second-half or how much of your targeted operating rates have you reached right now as of January? So essentially, what's already in the books of that $50 million to $75 million?
Mark Costa: Yeah. So there's a lot of detail that we provide in the deep-dive that you can reference in answering this question and it's still pretty much the same view today as it was back then. But there is quite a bit, as you'll see in those charts that existing business, that 100-plus customers I mentioned that are continuing to grow and launch products this year. And so that's a good portion of the demand. And then there is a lot of business we're still closing. It's what we do every year. It's not just unique to the circular platform of closing business through the year and getting orders. The good news about this business is the orders show-up pretty fast in a lot of these applications where the products are already well-established and how to use it. And so, call it, half-half in what is building on existing business versus business that we're closing.
Salvator Tiano: Okay, thank you. And I just wanted to go a little bit to capital allocation. Out of the $700 million to $800 million in CapEx, how much is the long view expansion? And with regard to the buybacks that you mentioned, despite making more money, you are spending -- you are allocating less. So is this a number that has upside? Are you thinking about leaving some capital free for bolt-on M&A or is there no way that you would go above $200 million in 2025 buybacks.
William McLain: What I would say on CapEx first is just as a reminder, our base CapEx is around that $350 million mark. So as you think about ultimately keeping our plants running and running reliably. As we think about growth programs, yes, you would expect our commitments in Texas to ramp-up through the year, but there's also other growth projects like our Triton expansions, etc., that we will be including as well. I would expect the Longview, Texas site to be the single largest growth project for the year in that $700 million to $800 million range. And that range is net of our expected DOE grant receipts. On the capital allocation front, as I think about, again, we've increased our dividend for the 15th year. On top of that, we went to the high-end of share repurchases in 2024. And what I would say is, we're not going to let cash sit idle. So we're going to use cash and our net debt to EBITDA is in a great situation. So we have financial flexibility and we'll leverage that to maximize value for shareholders.
Salvator Tiano: Okay, perfect. So just mentioned the DOE grant that's essentially included in CapEx. How much is that? Thank you very much.
William McLain: We're not going to be specific to the amount, but I will just highlight that we received $10 million in 2024.
Salvator Tiano : Thank you.
Operator: The next question today will be from the line of Michael Leithead with Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Michael Leithead: Great. Thank you. Good morning, guys. First, in fibers, it seems like you had a fairly profitable product or some EBIT that you're now not selling in 2025. So can you just provide a bit more context there?
Mark Costa: Yeah. So we -- in this particular case, we can't talk about this customer's products into the details of what it is, but it was a good high-value product. They made a design change in their offering to the marketplace and with the need for this was discontinued. We just provide that detail, so you understand there are multiple drivers of how we're normalizing. Part of it is destocking, part of it is product, part of its energy being a headwind in this segment as CPTs catch-up and part of it is currency, right? So there's multiple levels of sort of what's in that guide from what was a very strong performance in 2024 to a very, very good performance in 2025.
Michael Leithead: Great. That's helpful. And then, Mark, post-election, it seems like there's been a bit of a pause or review on a lot of the green spending. I know you mentioned earlier your comfort in receiving your DOE funding, but just has the broader regulatory and funding uncertainty created any pause or delay just in your broader customer conversations about taking recycled product or committing to such a contract?
Mark Costa: We've not seen any impact at this stage. As I said, we're certainly seeing the impact of a weak economic environment and inflation causing companies to be careful in what they spend money on and as everyone is trying to drive cost-reduction programs to improve earnings in a weak environment, right? So that's just sort of natural economic behavior. But I don't see any sort of change with customers where they're like, we don't think plastic waste is something I need to manage in my consumer packaging. That's just no longer matters. Climate is a very different topic than everyone doesn't like waste in their environment and the impact it's having. So I don't think that we've seen any sort of significant shift on that front. I mean, I do think there's a lot of confusion right now with all the different activity going on in the administration and everyone is trying to interpret what it means, but we feel-good about the long-term value of circular platform.
Michael Leithead: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from the line of Arun Viswanathan with RBC. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Mark Costa: Arun? We can't hear you.
Operator: Arun Viswanathan of RBC. Your line is now open if you'd like to -- my apologies. Please go ahead. Q - Arun Viswanathan Great. Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on the results here. So I guess maybe just two questions. So first-off, what are you hearing from your customers as far as the circular efforts go? I know that you've had maybe some -- still some higher costs there, maybe some diminished interest. And then secondly, Q1, it doesn't seem that you're being impacted as much by the slowdown or winter weather or anything like that, but your outlook appears a little bit stronger than some of your peers. So maybe you can just comment on those two items. Thanks.
Mark Costa: Sure. So I think I've already addressed the first question in a couple of other answers, where we're seeing economic moderation of pace of volume build, but not a lack of engagement. When it comes to the second question around sort of chemical intermediates, I think is where you were going with that question. We certainly see the challenges in the competitive environment right now in chemical intermediates in both acetyls and olephant products and feel some of that competitive pressure. Our outlook for the year-on that front is relative stability because while we recognize that's going to impact our business, we have made a lot of great reliability investments in our facilities last year. So we're on-track to have a lot more volume to sell this year. And a lot of that will be export sales. So it's moderate in its value because we're still waiting for local markets to grow, but certainly helping offset the spread. And again, they get a slice of the cost benefits in the cost reduction plan that we have in-place, and they don't have much currency exposure at all in CI. That's more in AM and fibers is where all the currency exposure sits. So that's not a headwind here or in AFP for that matter. So that helps, it have some stability in how it moves forward is having that additional volume and the cost actions? [Multiple Speakers]
Arun Viswanathan: I just wanted to clarify -- Apologies if I missed this before, but was there a pull-forward in Q4? And does that kind of impact your Q1 outlook as well as it relates to whether pre-buying ahead of tariffs or any other dynamics? Thanks.
Mark Costa: Yeah, we addressed that question earlier and it was modest part of the volume beat.
Arun Viswanathan: Thanks.
Emily Alexander: I think the next question is our last, please.
Operator: Yes, of course. The next question is from the line of John Roberts with Mizuho. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
John Roberts: Yeah, thank you. Is the solar heat transfer fluid, the thermal fluid opportunity now dead? We've had several delays on projects and I would guess the current administration is not helpful to that business?
Mark Costa: Hey, John, how you doing? I haven't -- I didn't see the solar question coming. So we don't do that much in the solar business anymore to your point, John. We've actually made a phenomenally good progress on diversifying our application based on heat transfer fluid. So it used to be very tied to PET and solar as two businesses, which in today's current economic environment are pretty challenged, especially PET. But we've really diversified pretty significantly into energy, especially LNG. So these LNG facilities actually require quite a bit of heat transfer fluid. And in many cases, it's a very high value version of heat transfer fluid for those facilities. And that's been a great diversification. And as we -- because of capital delays, we're not expecting much of a tailwind this year relative to last year in fuels because projects are just getting delayed. But certainly in 2026 and beyond, there's a number of these big sort of LNG fills that we've won that will help build earnings growth as we go forward.
John Roberts: Thank you.
Greg Riddle: Thanks again, everyone, for joining us. We appreciate your interest in Eastman, and I hope everybody has a great weekend. Thanks again.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-01 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2024 Eastman Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman website, www.eastman.com. [Operator Instructions] We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle at Eastman, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Greg Riddle: Okay. Thank you, Harry, and good morning, everyone, and thanks very much for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Willie McLain, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Jake LaRoe and Emily Alexander from the Investor Relations team. Yesterday, after market closed we posted our third quarter 2024 financial results news release and SEC 8-K filing, our slides and the related prepared remarks in the Investor Relations section of our website, eastman.com. Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this presentation you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are, or will be detailed in our third quarter 2024 financial results news release, during this call, in the preceding slides and prepared remarks and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-K filed for full-year 2023, and the Form 10-Q to be filed for third quarter 2024. Second, earnings referenced in this presentation excludes certain non-core and unusual items. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded and adjusted items are available in the third quarter 2024 financial results news release. As we posted the slides and accompanying prepared remarks on our website last night, we will now go straight into Q&A. Harry, please let's start with our first question.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question will be from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Mark, on your 2025 outlook, you mentioned modest underlying growth, but then you will have above-market growth driven by your innovation. So a little more detail, what can that mean for overall top -- volume growth for Eastman in 2025.
Mark Costa: Thanks, David. It's a good question. We're obviously spending a lot of time focusing first on getting through this year and delivering earnings, but obviously, we're all now looking towards next year as well. The story for Eastman has always been over the last several years the sort of volume and mix story is our biggest driver of some of the challenges we faced as well as the opportunity that's now in front of us. Eastman is clearly leveraged to an economic recovery and we can accelerate it with our innovation. When you think about just the last couple of years, we've had incredibly high inflation, interest rates as everyone knows, and we've been in a manufacturing recession that really started in the summer of 2022. But we've had almost 2.5 years now of no improvement in end-market demand, especially in the discretionary markets. And when you think about the area under that curve of low demand, if you will, there's a lot of pent-up demand that has not been served even when you consider some of the overstimulation in 2021. So the macro is clearly uncertain right now. We all know that. What we do know, I think at this point is that the customer inventory destocking is over and we're recorrect -- we sort of reconnected to primary demand. We can also say that in the sort of what we call our stable markets, things like personal care, aviation, water treatment, Ag. Those markets have all been sort of steadily growing at modest rates this year, and we expect that to continue into next year. So that I think will continue in this year, that's about 60% of our revenue. The discretionary markets, which are auto, housing, consumer durables, that's where we see demand has not really improved very much. And this year, that's about 40% of our revenue. Normal would be closer to 50%. So a lot of upside here as we sort of return to normal. The lower interest rates are for sure going to help improve the affordability of cars, affordability of homes. When you think about the U.S. home market right now, we're at 1995 levels, 30% below 2019, and Europe and China is also challenged. So when interest rates start to become more affordable, which we expect will happen through next year at some point, you're going to see that starting to improve and that will certainly drive upside for us. Same is true in auto, where you'll see lower interest rates helping affordability and same thing, demand has not been very good for quite some time. On the consumer durable front, same thing, well below 2019 levels this year. From an end-market point-of-view, a lot of pent-up demand since the summer of 2022. Recovery in housing will certainly help influence purchases, less inflation pressure on everyday life will open up the opportunity for people to start replacing and upgrading consumer durable products are now starting to get pretty old. So we see modest growth across all these markets. I don't want to oversell it. But what we expect and are going to plan for is a modest growth here along with the stable market. So clearly, that's going to help drive revenue increase. And then you get to our programs to create our own growth. You've got the Kingsport methanolysis facility. Obviously, in three weeks we'll give you a lot more detail about how we think that EBITDA will improve, but it will be a substantial improvement both on the revenue side as well as on a cost tailwind relative to this year. You've got a -- the auto film business, the auto interlayer business always creating their own growth, especially interlayers is doing quite well with their product portfolio right now. We've got a whole range of cellulosic products starting to deliver some innovation growth. Naia continue to grow. We already have commercial orders and event in food applications and expect that to accelerate in a variety of other programs, which we'll also tell you about at the Deep Dive Day coming up. And then there's a variety of smaller but helpful innovation programs around semiconductors and coatings in the AFP segment. So overall, I'd say revenue is going to improve in a modest way from a market point of view, accelerated by innovation, giving us some good growth. And just to finish off the bridge, we do expect price to raw material costs to be relatively stable as we go into next year. On the specialty side, we think we'll have a spread tailwind at olefins, and then on cost structure, we are going to take a set of actions to drive costs lower than just offsetting inflation. So you'll have a tailwind there. And then there'll be two sort of modest headwinds. We expect energy and natural gas prices to go up and so there's always a lag in catching up to them as well as some -- a bit lower volume in fibers as the markets adjust down and some inventory management. So when you put it all together, I think volume mix is going to be a big driver. And it's a combination of market and innovation, on top of a structure that is favorable on cost and when you're netted together, I think that translates into pretty substantial improvement in EPS over this year.
David Begleiter: Very good. Mark, just on that cost issue, where are you taking out costs that are driving the cost savings above productivity and how material could that be in 2025?
William McLain: So, David, what I would highlight is, we're focused on improving the cost structure because we have continued to be in a challenging environment. Also, as we look beyond, I'll call it just the normal productivity, our success in innovation has driven some level of complexity in our operations and we're optimizing that from a product and an operations standpoint so that we can maximize gross margin realization. Additionally, as you think about, we just announced here in the quarter, there are targeted opportunities to optimize our global asset base with the shutdown of our interlayers resin operations line at our Massachusetts facility. And then as we continue to decarbonize, we think driving energy efficiency in the face of some of the higher energy costs that Mark just talked about is another pathway that can lead us to driving, I'll call it, cost-savings above and beyond our normal level of inflation, and we've talked about that being approximately $75 million in the past. So we'll be above that, and we'll finalize those plans and tell you more about that on our January call.
David Begleiter: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will be from the line of Patrick Cunningham with Citigroup. Please go ahead, your line is now open.
Patrick Cunningham: Hi, good morning. With the slightly lower methanolysis guide here, I think you cited continued consumer weakness. How should we think about some of these challenges weighing on incremental EBITDA into next year?
Mark Costa: So when you think about companies and brands trying to drive growth, they always want to use innovation to drive growth. That's always the best way to win in the marketplace. But when the economies are incredibly weak and you're under a lot of pressure on inflation, the rate at which they're trying to launch new products versus just manage their cost structure is weighted towards managing the cost structure. So we're seeing that through this year. As the markets stabilize, which I believe they have done and interest rates also help improve affordability of a number of different things for the consumer, you're going to see some recovery and stability in demand in that, companies will start switching more to how do I use product differentiation on the shelf to sort of drive growth. So while certainly the product launches are a bit slower this year and clearly in a normal seasonal decline in the fourth quarter, you're not going to have a lot of product launches. We expect and see customers staying highly engaged and thinking about what they want to do as they go through 2025. So we think we're in the right place for that to recover and get better, but it's certainly not as strong as what we would have guessed in the beginning of this year relative to where we are today.
Patrick Cunningham: Very helpful. And then it sounds like there is some softness on the fibers business into next year. Have any of the recent capacity announcements in tow started to weigh on some of your contract conversations? And is there any intention of repurposing any of those assets for the business near-term?
Mark Costa: Yes. Good question. So first of all, we expect fibers to stay stable over the next three years. We do see a bit of capacity coming online in China, which is primarily aimed at serving demand in China and a few countries that we don't serve. So in that sense, there is that dynamic. The industry has had a lot of history around managing capacity to be aligned with serving the market. Eastman has been repurposing both our tow and flight capacity, as you mentioned, to support our [indiscernible] textile growth. And now we have the event of food packaging, which we'll tell you more about in three weeks, which is really exciting. It's a huge volume market and a great opportunity and margins a bit above company average. So we have opportunities to continue to run our assets full that aren't directly dependent on tow and we'll continue to drive that strategy, which I think is unique to us in this market space. The other competitors have rationalized some capacity. They have other high cost assets, so we'll have to just see what they choose to do. But in the next few years, we're not really worried about that. We think that the customers are still very much focused on security and supply and reliability supply. If they ever get shorted on product to serve the market, it's at a huge cost of them. The cost of our tow as a percentage of the price of a cigarette is extremely small. So you have to be very careful about missing out on sales if you get short on supply. So in that sense, I think we're in good shape. When we talked about the decline next year, that's really just about market decline, which we think is 1% to 2%. That's traditional cigarettes declining 2% to 3%, being offset by the heat not burns netting out to that kind of a number. And we do see a bit of inventory management going on with customers in the fourth quarter here and expect that some of that will continue into next year. So we're putting a little bit of targeted inventory management at a few customers into sort of -- into what's going on this quarter, as well as what we might expect next year. They've been holding a lot of security of supply, back to my point, and I think they're trying to look at how to optimize some of that inventory for cash purposes. So that's how we look at it. So we'd expect the utilization rate to stay strong over the next three years.
Patrick Cunningham: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question today will be from the line of Duffy Fisher with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Duffy Fischer: Yes. Good morning, guys. First question is just around the Texas plant that FIDed. So I guess main question would be, what's going to be different about that? Lessons learned from Kingsport, how is this footprint going to be different, the capital cost, the timeline to build, how will that be different than what you did in Kingsport?
Mark Costa: Well, certainly the Texas plant will incorporate all the learnings we've had on the Kingsport project, both in how to construct it more effectively as well as how they've started up better than what we've gone through this year and run it reliably. So there's all types of improvements and insights we've had that we're factoring into this and certainly feel very confident that we with a better construction approach and a great large partner that we have, we will be able to construct the project into the methanolysis part of this project at a much lower cost than what we spent on in Kingsport. So that I think is pretty clear and well-engineered and we feel confident about it. The project is different though, in that it has a lot more scope to it than just building a methanolysis plant because while we're leveraging a brownfield site in our Longview, Texas site, we are still having to build another -- a new polymer line that goes with this. We'll have infrastructure around this facility that already existed in Kingsport that we need to create the tanks, pipe bridges, etc., that go with supporting this overall plant. So you've got more infrastructure involved. And we have an investment that's being supported by the DOE of a much lower decarbonization plant. So the use of a thermal battery and solar to sort of drive it is a -- another capital cost that is different than where we are today. It does get us down in our carbon emissions by 90%. So it's a very compelling project from a carbon emission, not just a waste management recycling point of view. And so worthwhile investment. The good news is unlike Kingsport, we have support from the federal government. So we've got $375 million of funding coming in from the DOE, another $70 million of tax breaks coming in from the state of Texas. And we've got all of that factoring in to help manage some of the inflation we're facing as well as supporting this decarbonization aspect of the project. So overall, it's a bigger capital program being supported by these incentives, and still has an attractive return around 12% as we aimed at achieving from the beginning of this platform.
Duffy Fischer: Great. Thanks. And then just if you could, volume mix was strong in both AM and AFP. Could you break out how much of that was volume, how much of that was mix in each of those segments?
Greg Riddle: Duffy, this is Greg. We do not have a breakout of volume versus mix, but in both of those cases, mix is a contributor as it always has been for Eastman. So I don't have a breakout for you today, but certainly mix was a contributor.
Mark Costa: What I would say though, Duffy, is if you think about leveraged economic recovery, the discretionary markets, which are more challenged, obviously than the stable markets, those are our highest margin markets. So as you think about the recovery in homes, cars and consumer durables, that's a large mix lift going forward into next year and the years to come as we drive a lot of innovation in that space.
Duffy Fischer: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question will be from the line of Frank Mitsch with Fermium Research. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Frank Mitsch: Good morning, and congrats on the World Series, M. Riddle. Mark, you mentioned on the fiber side that you're looking at applications, I believe you said in food packaging, that sounds new to me. Can you expand upon that, please?
Mark Costa: Sure. Aventa, it's not sitting in fibers at the moment, just to be clear, it's actually sitting in corporate other, but it's a new innovation program that we're launching in foodservice. Basically, our cellulose acetate, which is what we do use to make the tow fibers or eyewear and additives for coatings, etc. That core cellulosic platform that we have, one feature about it that we didn't talk a lot about until the last three years is it's also very biodegradable. And you can tune the rate of the biodegradability of it as well depending on how you make that polymer. So a huge opportunity in foodservice is there's a lot of packaging that cannot be recycled and ends up in landfill. For example, those expanded polystyrene foam trays that your chicken and pork and beef sit on in the grocery store or the clam shells or straws for that matter. And what we figured out is we're making an excellent straw that's already going national here with one large company and that is completely home and industrial compostable. We also figured out how to foam it, so we can actually replace polystyrene as a drop-in replacement to the current equipment. And all of those foam trace can now be made out of our Aventa sized assay product and is completely biodegradable and even the microplastics that might originate from it will not persist in the environment that's been certified in Europe. So it's a great platform, huge amount of volume, margins are good and it's another exciting way to sort of keep asset utilization high and start turning the cellulose extreme into net growth across the company, and we'll tell you more about that when we get to the Deep Dive. So the Deep Dive is going to focus on polystyrene in and the methanolysis facility, but we are also going to spend time on all these different cellulosic products that are launching right now that we're really excited about.
Frank Mitsch: That sounds -- looking forward to that. And the company reported 4% higher sequential volume mix in 3Q. Can you talk about where you're seeing that in terms of end-markets and geographies, that would be great?
Mark Costa: Yes. So very happy to see the improvement on the volume mix. AFP had a strong performance. Some of that was heat transfer fluids into some different projects and that was sort of around the world. Those are more LNG-oriented projects, not specifically tied to China. And then we also had some improvement in coatings. Again, shipments around the world in some of our high-value coating additives that were the biggest drivers of that improvement. And in AM, we were about flat inside that. We had great performance in the interlayer business driving some of that volume mix improvement. I would say that the performance film business was sort of in-line with the market and the specialty plastic side of things were relatively stable. And then on CI, we just sold more volume as we had more volume to sell as we came out of some of those -- that planned shutdown constraint on volume in Q2. And that was mostly North America.
Frank Mitsch: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question will be from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Mark, just wondering if on the chemical recycling, if you can just give us some dimensions around -- you now looking for $20 million to $30 million this year of EBITDA, and I think that the original number was around $75 million. So that walk from $75 million to $20 million to $30 million, how much of it was from just sort of ramping the plant and having some teething issues that you're ultimately going to get the other side of versus how much of it was just that the consumer offtake is maybe not as robust because of the macro? Maybe we could start there.
Mark Costa: Yes. So the walk as you described it between sort of the lower uptime that we had in the startup process of the plant versus sort of the ramp-up of sales we expect, I'd say two thirds of it is around the costs and one-third around the volume. And Just to address the cost side of it, when you look at the year, we're obviously a bit optimistic around how quickly the plant would start up. And so we've sort of learned from that. I mean, the construction environment was obviously very challenging, as you all know, that led to also a lot of construction quality issues and vendor equipment issues. And we lost about four months through the spring into May, just dealing with all those sort of mechanical integrity issues around the construction of the plant. And then once we got to the feedstock-ish ramp-up and running at higher rates with that, we knew we were going to have complicated challenges in feedstock. We're using waste as feedstock. And we have always been using hard to recycle material from the very beginning. So we've always been using challenging material. And the great news about that material is the process chemistry has worked incredibly well from the beginning. So as the plant runs, it's making on-spec material that's going into food grade product with high clarity. It's just really exciting to see that process chemistry works it well and produce such a high quality product. But as we told you in the second quarter call, we did run into some feedstock preparation issues impacting how the first part of the plant runs. And that was sort of causing us uptime problems in how the feedstock sort of went into the plant. And we had a plan to fix it. It just took us longer to fix some of those issues and make the improvements necessary. So we had a lot more downtime through August than we had planned on. The good news is, we got into September with those implement -- improvements in place and ran well through the -- through September with much higher uptime. And so we feel good about how we entered our planned shutdown. And we had a planned shutdown for this facility that's aligned with the shutdown of all our polymer lines for the specialty plastics business. And so in that, we also made a few additional improvements that were needed to be down to do, and so we feel good about that. We're at startup of the plant, and in the final steps of that sort of start-up process, and looking forward to sort of running as we lead up to the Deep Dive day on the 21st of November. So those cost issues, which is predominantly a downtime related issue of how the plant was running due to these sort of issues on the front end caused the cost to come to be higher as it flows in inventory and flows out of inventory. And then I already addressed the volume question in a prior question, which is when the economy is really weak, the rate at which people are launching new products is slower. But we're still seeing very high engagement from customers. We haven't lost -- actually, I think we've only lost one customer now to think about it. When it comes to sort of wanting to move forward, it's just the pace at which you're moving forward has moderated.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And then just on the on the Texas plant, can you let us know the mechanics of how that DOE grant works in terms of, is it like a project finance where you draw it down and then you have to pay it back over time? And I assume the $70 million from the state of Texas requires pre-tax income from that plant to get the -- to get the credit or are you able to use any income from Texas in the meantime?
William McLain: Vincent, on the DOE grant, you can think about -- we've gotten the first phase approved and we're going to be receiving the cash as we make progress on the investment and on the project overall. So the $375 million will match the capital outlay over the time horizon and we'll just talk more specifically at the Deep Dive around the capital level. You are correct on the state of Texas, it is on the, -- I'll call it the income, but the income will be initiated as we build the project.
Vincent Andrews: Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Michael Leithead with Barclays. Please go ahead, your line is now open.
Michael Leithead: Great. Thank you. Good morning, guys. What's the latest status update on the France methanolysis project?
Mark Costa: So the France project, as we've discussed in the first and second quarter is on a slower path of development. We've made phenomenally good progress on many dimensions of the project. So we've -- as we've discussed before, got over 70% of feedstock sourced. We have a great progress on permitting. In fact, have a permit. We've made great progress on the incentives and have those secured. We're almost complete on the engineering work. And so all of that's on track. The one thing we have not succeeded in getting is the customer contracts for the packaging side of this project. And that's really been a delay due to the policy in the EU. So as I mentioned before, at the last moment in the spring of this year, they made a change to the policy. The policy was always written to drive high recycling rates, high recyclability of products within the union and aiming to try and get that recycling of local waste out of the environment and not being incinerated, which is the primary thing that they do with waste in Europe, which also violates their CO2 policies of getting climate down. But they came up with some WTO concerns and said that imports needed to be allowed into the mix of what counts as recycled content. Obviously, imports replacing local demand for recycling doesn't make a lot of sense if you're trying to get waste and reduce incineration. In fact, what will happen with all this imported materials, it will end-up being incinerated and increase carbon footprint for the -- for the union. So while there's a trade issue that needs to be sorted out, it doesn't really make any sense for recycling policy. And so I think that -- and there's a number of efforts going on to try and address this issue. But with that uncertainty or the ability to use waste from other countries and that's caused a sort of slowdown in the customer discussions as they're trying to think through their sourcing strategy. So we don't yet have those customer contracts. And to be very clear, as we have been from the beginning with our principles about the contracting model for packaging, we don't have commitments from customers that give us a long-term commitment with stable margins and the pricing structure at the appropriate levels, we're not going to sort of proceed forward at this project. So until we get these issues resolved to the customers as they look at what they want their sourcing strategy to be, we'll have to sort of hold on this project, but it's somewhat ready. So if we get the contracts, we can move forward. The government -- French government is extremely supportive in doing everything they can to help us on this. And we'll tell you more about this also at the Deep Dive in a couple of weeks.
Michael Leithead: Great. Looking forward to it. And then on the Kingsport methanolysis unit, I think in the last question you talked about very good uptime in September after getting through some of those teasing issues. What's been the steady-state utilization rate from this facility when the site has been running well during those periods?
Mark Costa: Yes. So I'm going to hold off on answering that question because we have a lot of exciting stuff to show you around the plant and it running and we have been running it at reasonably good rates. We've told you in the past, we've been able to run that 65%, 70% range. And I'd say that's consistent. The issue isn't been being able to run at good rates. The issue is just downtime to deal with some of these feedstock preparation issues. And so -- and we've rate tested every part of the plant at a very high rate. So we'll tell you a lot more about that and a lot more detail around sort of how we're going and you can see the plant yourself.
Michael Leithead: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will be from the line of Josh Spector with UBS. Please go ahead, your line is now open.
Josh Spector: Hey, good morning. Wondering if I could try again on PRT and just specifically 2025. I understand you want to save some things for a few weeks from now, but you guys have been pretty clear about kind of the bridge of earnings from that this year into next year. So can we at least frame how we're thinking about the contribution to 2025 at this point?
Mark Costa: Sure. So, one, I'm not taking the bait, so I'm not going to give you a number, but we will be sharing our thoughts with you in three -- in three weeks when we have more time to actually provide the proper context. But the -- there will be two drivers of the economics as you go from 2024 to 2025. The very low uptime we've had in the first eight months of this project this year obviously will be much better next year, right? So we have a pretty high cost of per unit going into the inventory this year that's a headwind in the economics this year. So as you start ramping up, that cost per unit goes down pretty dramatically from where we are right now. And so you're going to have a pretty meaningful cost tailwind relative to this year in running the plant. The second is that's just pure operating leverage and utilization difference. And then the second part, of course, is ramping up on the revenue side and we'll spend -- and spend some more time, but both will be meaningful contributors to how you get to a better EBITDA next year versus this year, and it will be a key contributor to growth over this year even in a challenged economic environment.
Josh Spector: All right. Thanks. Had to try. On free cash flow I do want to ask [Speech Overlap] thanks. Some interesting commentary on inventory build or strategic inventory build being a driver for the $100 million reduction. Can you just talk about that? That seems to contrast a little bit with some of the weaker slower demand commentary. So where do you see that opportunity and why?
William McLain: So there's a couple of items I would highlight. One is in the polyester space and the other is in the cellulosic space, which both Mark has touched on. So we have made selective choices in those specialty product lines. One was to manage shutdowns with -- here in September and October. So we'll get some of that back in fourth quarter. But as we think about 2025 and being prepared for growth. In our polyester space, you've heard us talk about the flexibility of our polyesters and we have a Tritan facility coming online in late fall of next year. So what we're looking at doing is exhibiting that flexibility here in the early part of 2025 by switching those polyester lines back to co-polyesters as well as PET production. And we're building the inventory to enable us to do that now so that we can make those transitions and leverage the assets that we have on that front. We also saw, we continue to have capital discipline on our capex and we've reduced that to $625 million for this year. Well, on the cellulosic side, we are leveraging that to build inventory for products like Aventa, and -- so that we have those market adoption rates, etc., as we make plans to debottleneck those assets and leveraging the inventory versus the capital here in the front end. So well-positioned to provide growth and to be capital efficient as well between capex and working capital.
Josh Spector: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. What's the EBIT drag from the methanolysis plant in 202?
William McLain: So, Jeff, obviously, as we've dropped down the EBITDA expectations, the incremental EBIT on a year-over-year basis is neutral. So there's no incremental EBIT on a year-over-year basis. And as we've talked about previously, the cost of the pre-production, etc., was fully reflected in our other segment in 2023.
Jeff Zekauskas: And for my follow-up, is the price of the methanolysis product very different from your non-methanolysis co-polyesters or how does it compare to Tritan? And what seemed to be the primary applications? Who is -- who's buying it and why? And is it a wide variety of customers or is it very concentrated? Can you give us a sense of who wants the product and why?
Mark Costa: Sure. So first of all, the premiums we're getting for renewed content, the recycled content and the products is a premium on any of the existing products, whether it's Tritan or co-polyester or PET, there's a premium above all of those different products, obviously. The amount of premium varies based on the pricing of the underlying product and the value that it's creating and the application it's going into. But there is a good return on that. It's also driving a lot of new market growth. So to answer your question, the applications we're going into are a wide spectrum of applications. This is a very fragmented market today that we serve in the specialty business and it will be fragmented, spread across a variety of markets. So it can range anywhere from cycle content going into reusable water bottles with now gene and camel back in those kind of applications that are very obvious where you'd want to have a recycled bottle going into making a reusable water bottle. You've got all the applications in the appliance world, whether it's blenders or cuisine arts and things like those kind of products that want to have a better sustainability footprint. You've got new applications that it's opened up to us, like the housings for drills. We've told you the story around Black and Decker in the past. You've got large appliances also looking at these opportunities. A lot of that is Tritan. You've got a lot of cosmetic packaging, which have very aggressive sustainability goals that are converting over to recycled content, where they're trying to get to 100% recycled content and a lot of that cosmetic packaging. And that's a lot of our co-polyesters. You've got packaging -- consumer packaging opportunities. It's really across the spectrum of end-markets where we see the opportunity to create new growth and win applications that we didn't currently have, which is very profitable when it's opening up an entirely new market to valuing up markets that we're currently in. So we'll share a lot more about that with you also in three weeks, but it's a broad spectrum.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question will be from the line of Aleksey Yefremov with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thanks. Good morning. Mark, could you maybe provide some detail around advanced Materials, key product categories, auto films, interlayers, Tritan, etc.? What's been happening with demand and margins in Q3 and heading into Q4?
Mark Costa: Sure. So first of all, I mean, all the end-markets excluding autos, which is a bit of a different story, but all the other end-markets obviously went through a pretty steep destocking cycle in the -- in the end of 2022 through 2023. So what we saw in 2024 was most of that being completely over and a lot of volume improvement was just that lack of destocking. And then you've got some modest growth occurring in markets across the space. So in the automotive side of things, the automotive underlying market is clearly one that's getting a lot of attention right now. It's been a bit weak. So I'd say our view is consistent with the other views out there where the overall underlying market is probably down 2% roughly. In that, our business has had high single-digit volume mix growth. So significantly outperforming the business. So it's been exciting to see that happen, and a lot of drivers behind that. But there's just a lot of design trends helping us on two dimensions and why we're doing well and not just EVs, which were highly levered to, but also in ICE cars. We're just getting more territory per car, right, whether it's an ICE car or an EV, side windows are now being laminated. It's actually moving at a pace of almost four to 5 times the rate of builds and how they're adopting side windows that usually include acoustic management as well. You've got larger sunroofs, significantly larger on an EV, but even on ICE cars they're bigger. And with the EVs, when you put it all together, in particular, you're three times a square meters of an ICE car. But even the ICE cars are trending in a very favorable way for using more laminate glass, and the products have a lot more value in them. So they've heads up display that's been growing double-digits. They have solar rejection, color matching, especially on the sunroofs, etc. So a lot of trends helping us grow better this year than the underlying market in a pretty meaningful way. And those trends will continue into next year. And if you combine it with modest growth in the underlying auto market, that's a good story. On performance films, that's an accessory aftermarket, if you will. So it's the window films and paint protection films. It's not growing as fast this year in this economically challenged environment as people manage their pricing. It's still growing, still growing a little bit better than underlying markets, but not the same story as Interlayer. So that's on the performance film side, which is holding in reasonably well for the market that we're in. And then on the specialty plastics side, I think that a lot of the volume growth this year is a lack of destocking, a little bit of modest growth in some of the stable markets that they're in, and that's sort of where we sit. So again, it's all about innovation, it's all about little stability and underlying market growth that helps accelerate that innovation and adoption with the brands as they look to create growth in a more stable environment. So combines to help growth in next year.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thanks, Mark. And your coding customers have been pretty vocal about how they feel regarding negotiating position with payer suppliers. How do you think about preserving your margins in the coatings business in 2025?
Mark Costa: Look, I think that every customer including us is negotiating as hard as we can to get the best prices possible for what we're buying in a weakened economic environment, you're obviously going to do that. In the end, if you got a specialty business, you have differentiated value in the products that you supply to your customers and you can maintain price discipline, which I think we've demonstrated extremely well. So in an increasing environment like 2021 and the beginning of 2022, you saw us very successfully raise prices in that environment to stay up with hyperinflation in our raw materials. And you've seen since then us maintaining very good discipline on pricing for the value of our products. There's always a little bit of sharing that you do with raw material declines and that happens. We've always been clear about that. There's a bit of a lag on the way up and there's a bit of a lag on the way down. But we're confident that we can maintain stability in our price raw material costs, which we've done this year and we'll continue to manage that way as we go into next year. I'd say the only exception of that is a bit of energy increase on our side. So if the natural gas prices go up a lot like the forward curve implies relative to this year, there'll be a bit of a lag in our pricing and how it goes up relative to those costs. And that will be a bit of a headwind. But we intend to manage the pricing and value of our products as we always have.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: The next question will be from the line of Mike Sison with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Mike Sison: Hey, good morning, guys. Nice quarter. Mark, you've been running volume mix here mid-single digits for the last couple of quarters. It looks like you'll probably hit that for the full-year, in as you described not a great environment. So if things don't improve in 2025, a lot of companies have said the first-half could be similar to the second-half 2024. Is that a good base case because a lot of the new products and innovation that you've done heading into 2025? And if demand does get better, let's hope, would you be better than that?
Mark Costa: So I think that sort of again depends on the markets. There's no sort of uniform answer to that, Mike. In the stable markets, I think we've been seeing some steady modest growth this year and that continues through next year if that's not back-half loaded. So whether it's personal care, aviation, medical destocking, by the way, is mostly over. So we'll get back to having growth in medical. Packaging, consumer packaging actually was a bit down this year, as you can see from all those companies that are in that space and we do believe that will sort of swing from a low-base to some positive growth next year. So I think those are all going to happen through the year. The ones you're really talking about that are back-half loaded are more interest rate sensitive markets like housing and auto, where it's a little unclear exactly when interest rates get to a point that encourages people to start selling their existing homes or how affordability works on autos between interest rates and just the pricing that the car companies are choosing to pursue. They've increased prices a lot over the last three years. So how they sort of manage that pricing is that I expect it will start to come off a little bit. So those kind of markets are probably going to be a little bit more back-end loaded than front-end loaded. Consumer durables probably in between those two stories and the rate at which it grows. So I don't think we're waiting for the back-end -- the back-half to be strong. I think we'll have decent growth, but it's really early to say right now. There's a lot of uncertainty in the macro economy. You got an election coming up, you have instability in the Middle East. Without a doubt, we see it in the fourth quarter, brands and retailers are being cautious right now. And they're uncertain about where the economy is headed and so they're being a little bit careful, which is understandable in the context. And so I think we need to get to January past the election and some of these other sort of uncertainties right now and see how the economy looks and we'll obviously provide you a good update in the fourth quarter call.
Mike Sison: Got it. And then one quick follow-up on the methanolysis demand for 2025. Do you have a baseload of sort of orders heading into 2025? And is there any impact from the election on that? Do you think if one way goes the other could either kick-start demand or maybe keep demand a little bit tepid?
Mark Costa: Well I'm definitely not taking the election bait, but --
Mike Sison: Off at the side.
Mike Sison: Yes. I think that there's a lot of uncertainty that in an election that holds people up and you could debate the pros and cons of what Trump or Harris would do. So I think we just need to wait five days and see what happens. But when I think that -- when you talk about these uncertainties, I think that they're not going to have a direct impact on what we do right now in any significant way. I think the markets are stable. I don't think the policy changes that could be made right now would have a significant impact one-way or another.
Mike Sison: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will be from the line of Kevin McCarthy with VRP. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, thank you, and good morning. Mark, your additives and functional products business wound up doing quite a bit better than you would have thought three months ago. And so can you talk through what drove that? It sounded like heat transfer fluids was part of the equation there. Cognizant, I believe anyway, you were expanding capacity in that product line in Alabama. Is that done? And did it help your business? Or is it unrelated and really you garnered the upside from other factors. Maybe you could just help with the forward trajectory there as well?
Mark Costa: So, as the functional products has done well because it's just an excellent execution on every dimension of running the business. I wouldn't aside into any one thing. Without a doubt, foods came in a little bit better than we expected. But when you add it up for the year and even for Q3, it was great execution in getting volume in coatings. It was great execution in growing the care chemicals business. It was great execution in minimizing the decline in Ag, that normally happens as you go from Q2 to Q3 was not quite as much as we expected. So it was lots of little wins that added up to delivering excellent performance. It's great commercial excellence in managing pricing back to the question a moment ago and defending the value of our products across our portfolio and improving and maintaining spread. So I would give credit to the whole team on how they're just delivering really good performance in a soft environment.
Kevin McCarthy: Okay. And then as a follow-up, perhaps for Willie, can you comment on your capital expenditures for 2025 relative to the diminished level of $625 million this year? And how does -- how does the ramp in Texas factor into next year's budget?
William McLain: Thanks for the question. Just as a reminder, I'll call it, baseload maintenance capital is about $350 million. This year, we're going to come in around the $625 million. We're still setting our capital plan on the velocity as we look at, I'll call it the startup of the Longview, Texas facility. But you can expect it to potentially be around where we started this year, which was around that $800 million mark. But we'll talk more about the Deep Dive and you'll hear in three weeks as well as on the Q4 call as we finalize plans.
Kevin McCarthy: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question will be from the line of John Roberts with Mizuho. Please go ahead, your line is open.
John Roberts: Thank you. Is the methanolysis unit running at full rates today?
Mark Costa: No, John. I mentioned earlier, we're still in the start-up. So it was a month long planned shutdown. We shut down all of our polymer lines for an annual planned maintenance every year in this time frame. And this plant shut-down in alignment with it. Otherwise, we would have nowhere to go with the monomers coming out of the plant. So it's not yet started up, but we're in the final days of start-up right now.
John Roberts: Okay. And then I think you mentioned that Aventa is in corporate and other. When does it move to the -- it will move to the Advanced Materials segment or will it move to fibers because it's cellulosic? And when do you make that move?
Mark Costa: CFO is looking at me to answer that question because we're still debating it. We're -- we're excited about getting it ramping up. We haven't made a final decision about where it's going to land inside the company. So we'll let you know once we decide. We'll probably have a point of view on that by the time we get to January.
John Roberts: But do you have a timeframe when it moves to out of corporate?
Mark Costa: I think it will move next year. We just haven't decided which segment yet. There's good logic for both segments as you just mentioned. So we're just working through the final decision.
John Roberts: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Laurence Alexander: So good morning. I have two questions. First, on your comment about biodegradable microplastics as a side effect or a consequence of your new products. Where are you seeing demand pull, if anywhere related to that as a concern? And then secondly, we spoke quite a bit over the last couple of years about the amount of innovation around the automobile that helps you grow faster than the market. Can you just walk through where you're seeing a similar a similar demand plus driver in either construction or appliances, durable good -- those types of durable goods, just to get a sense for what your operating leverage might be on a cyclical recovery, like how much faster you might grow relative to what the multiplier effect might be?
Mark Costa: So I'm sorry, you just broke up a little bit on the first question. What was the first part of your question again?
Laurence Alexander: So around the microplastics comment you made, it was a very quick comment, but just if you can unpack it, where you're seeing it actually be relevant to demand pull?
Mark Costa: Yes. So when it comes to plastic waste, people don't want to go to landfill, they don't want to be incinerated and they certainly don't want to go into the environment. And a lot of things, a lot of consumer packaging like most PET packaging is very recyclable and should be captured and recycled in some combination mechanical as well as what we're doing in chemical recycling. So that's great, but there are applications where you just can't do that. So a meat tray that's got a bunch of bloods that sort of into it is not something that's getting recycled and a lot of other food waste containers. And so it just ends up in landfill, and there needs to be a solution. And so the whole point here is we don't want staying in landfill and we certainly don't want it breaking down to small parts and becoming microplastics. So, and the good news about our cellulosic is they -- in any form or fashion they will not persist in the environment as a microplastic that's been sort of certified in Europe by their sort of regulatory process and testing as well as compostable. So we have a great solution. It's primarily driven by, I don't want waste in my environment and there are policies in several states that are banning polystyrene in food packaging where they have to go to something else. And this is by far the best solution on the marketplace as far as we can tell. So it's all sort of all connected back to that plastic waste thing and in these specific applications. On your second question in regards to do we have underlying trends driving above-market growth? Certainly in the specialty plastics business, that's been true for well two decades, but certainly in the last decade. So Tritan has grown because it's a better product in many applications than polycarbonate functionally, but also because it's VPA free. And so you've got lots of growth happening across specialty plastics where we're growing because we have a better performing product or safer product happening. In coatings, we have the same opportunities. Tetrashield, which is a -- the coating version of Tritan, you've got growth happening in those markets and underlying growth to be VPA-free, PFAS free. So we have a lot of different places where markets are being accelerated.
Greg Riddle: Thank you. Let's make the next question and the last one, please.
Operator: Yes, of course. The next question is from the line of Salvator Tiano with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Salvator Tiano: Yes, thank you very much. Firstly, I want to ask a little bit on the Longview FID. So I know you had a major customer there before, but you were still waiting for a bunch of other things, including potentially more customers. So I guess, what changed that you decided to approve the plant at this point. Did you get any more any more customer commitments, for example?
Mark Costa: So the decision to move forward on the Texas project, one, we already have a very large customer, Pepsi that baseloads a plant, which we don't yet have for the French project as a contrast. And so we feel very good about that side of it. This plant is going to be designed to include flexibility for serving specialties. So the combination of Pepsi and the confidence we have around serving some of the specialty markets makes us feel good about that. And we got the DOE funding, as we talked about earlier that obviously supports the economics and the engineering work is pointing at a capital cost that has an attractive return. But that engineering work, by the way is still underway and needs to be completed. But everything came together in the sense that we had clarity about this and that clarity and commitment is important for continuing to sort of sign up new customers at this stage as well as get some of the incentive work done.
Salvator Tiano: Perfect. And just wanted to clarify a little bit. This year you also had a big earnings benefit from higher operating leverage from operating at higher rates. How should we think about that next year? Is it going to be an improvement or have you reached the normal run rate at this point?
William McLain: Yes. So we have seen the benefit that we highlighted earlier this year with the operating leverage across the company and specifically in Advanced Materials. We will have further operating leverage in 2025, as Mark has highlighted as with the Kingsport methanolysis, as we have, I'll call it, stable operations and have the uptime behind us. So look to have further leverage in 2025, and we'll give an update on guidance on our Q4 call.
Salvator Tiano: Thank you very much.
Greg Riddle: Thanks again everyone for joining us today. We appreciate your time and your interest in Eastman. I hope you have a great day and a great weekend, and I just want to end with let's go Dodgers. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes todays call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2024 Eastman Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman website, www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory Riddle: Okay, thank you, Chach. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Willie McLain, Executive Vice President and CFO; Jake LaRoe, Manager, Investor Relations; and the new member of our IR team, Emily Edwards. Yesterday after market closed, we posted our second quarter 2024 financial results news release and SEC 8-K filing, our slides and the related prepared remarks in the Investors section of our website, eastman.com. Before we begin, I'll cover three items. First, during this presentation you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in our second quarter 2024 financial results news release, during this call, in the preceding slides and prepared remarks and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-K filed for full year 2023, and the form 10-Q to be filed for second quarter 2024. Second, earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain non-core and unusual items. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded and adjusted items are available in the second quarter 2024 financial results news release. And one more item. After we posted our materials last night, I became aware that there is a conflict on the date we chose, Tuesday, November 19th for our circular economy deep dive here in Kingsport, Tennessee. We are currently working through alternatives and we'll let you know when we've decided on a path forward. With that, we are now ready for questions. Chach, please start with our first question.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now take our first question from Patrick Cunningham of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Patrick Cunningham: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just with -- just some questions on methanolysis. Maybe first, just clarification on the feedstock preparation issues. Can you give a little more detail there? What sort of equipment modifications did you have to take? And how much downtime was there in 2Q, and any expected downtime in 3Q?
Mark Costa: Sure, and good morning, everyone. Love to talk about sort of where we are with methanolysis plant. I'm going to give a little context of the journey we've been on and then answer that specific feedstock question. We're very excited to be operational with the world's largest chemical recycling facility and we've made tremendous progress on this project and really showing what's possible in the world when it comes to recycled content and dealing with this challenge that we face. We are very excited that we're making on spec plastic from the output of this facility. We've actually produced on spec food grade Tritan with 75% rDMT and that's the most difficult product we have to make, the highest standards on clarity, a wide range of performance specs, and we're making these products with no materials of concern getting through the purification process. So a very safe product from garbage and that's an incredible accomplishment and a great job by our team in operating this plant and overcoming a series of challenges. We have had a lot of successes. As I said, we're making on spec product now. We are doing all of this with hard to recycle waste. Mechanical recyclers can't take back the food grades and send to landfill. We validated all of the unit ops and they can run at very high rates. We've had, as I mentioned, sustained rates in our prepared remarks of around 70% when you're running all the units together. And there's been one sort of small mechanical thing limiting us getting to 100% and we just recently made the change this week actually in fixing that one mechanical issue and we're ramping up to full rates. We have made a lot of progress on improving the mechanical reliability issues that we were facing in the startup of the process that we shared with you in the first quarter call. So when we took a variety of corrective actions on the early failures around instrumentation, valves, routine equipment, especially pumps, that has been effective, and we've seen much higher reliability across the plant. So as you said, the next step, as we're now moving to higher rates and a broader set of hard to recycle feedstock, we encountered some plugging issues. So to be clear, from the beginning of this process, we've been using hard to recycle material that can't be made back into food grade bottles mechanically. True to our strategy of dealing with this waste that doesn't have an alternative life. But we've been broadening that spectrum of different types of HTR recently, and we encountered some plugging issues in the front of the plant. I want to be clear that this is not about chemical impurities. It's not about processed chemistry. It took us a few weeks to really understand what was going on, but we realized that it was in the feedstock preparation and some of the fitness for use aspects of a few sources of material. Fortunately, the issues were relatively straightforward to address once we interested them, which just involves sort of optimizing sort of the feedstock form that we're using and dealing with some of the non-polymer waste that was in a few select sources of feedstock. So we're now implemented all those changes. We're ramping up, as I said, with the change also run at full rates and are confident all these changes will be effective and we'll be running very hard with the facility as we go through Q3 and Q4. The thing I would note is, this has been a journey. This is an incredibly complex plant to take garbage and turn it into clear, on spec polymer that doesn't have any materials of concern that can exist in that waste feedstock. So we've made a lot of investments in purification and how to manage all these different feedstocks. And we've learned a lot over the last five months, six months of startup. That I think is a huge competitive advantage for us. And frankly, there's a lot of strategic intellectual property we're gathering through this process. And then look back on it, I just can't reinforce enough the power and success of our team in enabling us to have this kind of success. I can't even imagine trying to build these kind of technologies and plants without the depth of technical expertise and the scale we have to throw at these kind of challenges. So, a great shout out to the team in overcoming these things. We're feeling very good about how we're moving forward and excited to serve customers as we ramp up volumes in the back half of the year.
Patrick Cunningham: Great. Thank you so much for the detail there. And then maybe just one quick one. Just squaring the current macro environment and maybe some of the comments you made on inflationary pressures leading to slower ramp up of Renew. Why is now the right time to move forward with the Tritan expansion?
Mark Costa: Yes, good question. So when you look at sort of where we are with the Tritan market, a lot of that goes in consumer durables as everyone I think in the industry has called out that market's been weak. It continues to be weak. But we did see a significant amount of return in volume with the end of destocking. So a huge amount of the hit that we took in 2023 was associated with destocking. That volume has come back and the very high margins that go with it are certainly very helpful this year and will be going forward. We also continue to have a lot of wins just on the traditional value proposition of Tritan. So when you look at the compelling attributes of its heat resistance, its chemical resistance, its clarity, it being a safe product that's BPA free. We've always had a lot of volume wins in applications that's driven tremendous growth in this product area for over a decade. That engine's back in gear this year. We're winning on those value propositions a variety of places on top of end of destocking that's giving us good momentum. And then on top of that, we're now layering on recycled content. And for a lot of brands, that's really important. We have a lot of customers that have been with us for a long time that are using this recycled content claim as a way to enhance their product offering or drive new volume growth like P&G, NowGene, [indiscernible], LVMH, and L'Oreal, Estee Lauder, etc. You've seen the icon chart of all the customers we've had who are using in one form or another. And then we've -- what's really exciting is also opening up new markets for us to serve that wouldn't have originally been available for our value proposition. This is not a cheap polymer, so you really have to have a compelling value proposition and now you have people like Black & Decker doing a trial run as we told you about in tools and seeing that go very well with recycled content and expanding to a broader product line or [indiscernible] which is the leading supplier of housewares for food service type products for airlines and food service and them going to this product with the recycled content claim. So, lots of volume engagement. Customers are paying the premiums that we expect to make a return on this investment that we've made here in Kingsport. And so, as we looked at the volume bill this year and as we go into next year, we see the need for this additional capacity so we don't short the market, right? So we're moving to get that product, that line online in the sort of third quarters of next year as a way to keep on growing that business. So we feel good about it. Certainly, it's a tough economic time, but when the market recovers, that'll just be additional volume we have to serve. So, we feel like this is the right time.
Patrick Cunningham: Great. Thank you so much, Mark.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Josh Spector of UBS. Please go ahead.
Josh Spector: Hey, good morning. Quick follow-up on the prior set of questions. Did you say that you're now running back at higher rates at methanolysis? So the issue is resolved or is that yet to be determined?
Mark Costa: We're actually in the process of ramping back up to higher rates. That sort of small mechanical change we made in the middle of the plant that was limiting rates, we just implemented and we're ramping up towards those higher rates right now. So we're not there yet.
Josh Spector: Okay, thanks for that. And just another point around methanalysis, and specifically your comment around Tritan and Renew and some slower adoption, you referred to inflation being a factor. I was curious, is that at the customer level when you're talking about consumer buying of higher-priced goods, or is that on their spending and perhaps any comments or read through on willingness to buy a higher price feedstock for their applications?
Mark Costa: Yes. So, I'm not going to repeat all the answer I just gave you, but we have a lot of customers obviously out there in the durable space as well as packaging cosmetics that are very interested and committed to using Tritan. Maye be they were buying it last year at certain premiums or continuing to buy it this year and we're accessing new markets. So the demand out there is real. The issue we face that I think everyone in the industry faces right now is that, it's a really tough economic environment. We have some version of stagflation. We have inflation still impacting consumers and demand being quite weak in many sort of discretionary markets. And durables is very connected to B&C, so when you see all that challenge, that's very real. And its duration, it's not just demand's weak, it's been weak for over two years now. And so that weighs on companies and their economics. So while they're very committed, we haven't seen anyone sort of cancel a program. They're also focused on managing their cost structure like everyone is right now. And so, the rate at which they're ramping up volume on some of the programs that we've won with these customers is going a bit slower than we thought. To be clear, that's a modest part of the overall adjustment we made in the $75 million of EBITDA incremental to last year down to $50 million. More than two-thirds of that adjustment is the cost of the conversation we just had about sort of run rates in the second quarter as we worked through some different issues. But there is a sort of modest adjustment we've made in our expectations around sort of volume ramp. I don't think it has any impact on next year. When we look at the number of wins we're having in different applications, the fact that at least the end market is now stable and destocking is behind us. Company that are now looking for ways to grow and create their own growth, just like we are trying to create our own growth with better value propositions in the marketplace. The brands are now switching to thinking about how do they do that as well. And so, I think those collaborations will be there. So we still feel like we're on track to go from our incremental $50 million of EBITDA this year to a run rate of $150 million of EBITDA by the end of next year. Otherwise, we wouldn't be starting to completing the Tritan line if we didn't see that volume coming.
Josh Spector: Understood. Thank you, Mark.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Frank Mitsch from Fermium Research. Please go ahead.
Frank Mitsch: Good morning and congrats on the [2QB] (ph). Which Mark does beg the question, you narrowed the range for 2024, but maintained the midpoint of the guide. I was just curious, given the upside in 2Q, was there a thought to possibly raising the midpoint and what may have been arguing against that? Thank you.
William McLain: Yes, Frank, good morning and thank you. As we think about the guidance, obviously, we focused on keeping the midpoint at the guide of where we had it to start the year. Also, at the segment level, you saw some modest improvements in the AFP midpoint, as well as the midpoint decline in AM as Mark already highlighted around our view of the benefits of methanolysis and the ramp there. So as we think about it, we're driving strong growth year over year, 20%, narrowing the range we think was appropriate at this point in time. As we started the year, there's no significant primary demand increasing in the second year. We're doing well with driving our own growth. And we think, again, as we enter the second half, we're doing it from a strong position. And it's the factors of the $0.15 beat in Q2 being offset by the reduction in our methanolysis expectations.
Frank Mitsch: Thanks so much for that Willie. Can you talk about the factors that will drive you towards the low end versus the high end of the full year guide?
Mark Costa: Yes, so when you think about the variables on that, Frank, the biggest factor is demand. That's true for the impacts we had last year through how we had good results in 2021, 2022. And so, it's a macroeconomic question around just where does demand trend. I think we went out at the beginning of the year with a very sort of neutral approach about end markets being sort of similar to last year from an end market point of view, but benefiting from de-stocking. That seems to be playing out as we expected at this stage. So if the economy gets better, that'll be upside. If the economy gets worse, obviously, there'll be some risk within the range that we've given you. But I think that's the main factor. I mean, we feel good about our price management and feel confident in our commercial excellence to maintain our sort of price-cost relationships across our specialties. Obviously, there's a certain amount of spread and predictability in olefins and acetyls where you could get some volatility that's in the CI sector. Cost structure, we're very much on track to manage our costs. So the element that's material is really about the economy. We feel good about how we're creating a lot of our own growth this year with all the application wins that we've had in the sort of traditional specialty model plus the growth we expect in the circuit platform.
Frank Mitsch: Great. So just to be clear, the midpoint of the guide assumes absolutely no change from the economic activity as we stand here today.
Mark Costa: That's correct. We're assuming -- to be clear, in consumer discretionary markets, whether it's autos, B&C, durables, we're assuming that there's no improvement in the end market demand relative to last year. And that's been true how we've built our forecast every quarter. The stable markets, we do have a little bit of modest growth, call it, 2%, 3% in there that we've already seen in the first half of the year and we expect that to continue in the second half of the year. Those markets are like ag in its normal sort of cycle and pattern. Personal care, water treatment, those kind of more special sort of stable markets, which is about half of our revenue. So half of revenue has modest growth in it and half our revenue has no end market growth. But we have completely confirmed that the theory of a lack of de-stocking adds a lot of volume back is very true. We told you that we had a $450 million hit in variable margin last year from 2022 to 2023 when volume and mix declined. And part of our guidance, as we said, about $150 million of that, call it a third, would come back as a lack of de-stocking. And we very much have seen that in the first half and see that in the order books and in 3Q. So that sort of logic is playing out and that's sort of where we've built our midpoint of our guide.
Frank Mitsch: Terrific. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question is from Jeff Zekauskas from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. I was hoping you could clarify what's going on in the acetyl chain. In that you talked about higher plant maintenance of $50 million related to a shutdown in the acetyl chain and half of that is the acetyl which is $25 million, is that in the third quarter or the fourth quarter. You talked about unfavorable price cost in acetyls, what's that about? Does that have to do with the divestiture or not? And forgive me, is the divestiture already done or when does the divestiture close?
William McLain: Yes, Jeff, happy to clarify. So, as we think about the second half versus first half higher plant shutdowns, Q3 is primarily our acetyl cellulose extreme, which is about half, and then in Q3 and then in Q4 would be our polymer turnaround. And again, that represents about half. Yes, the transaction has closed last year also -- so that impact is not in our guidance. That's a headwind as we think about in our chemical intermediates business. The combination of, I'll call it, the Texas City divestiture as well as the key customer shutdown that we've highlighted was roughly $30 million headwind on a year-over-year basis.
Mark Costa: So that's on the cost side and the investor side, Jeff. On the market side, there's two dynamics going on. The one is the acetyl margins are just lower this year and continue to be challenged from a market point of view. And then the second part is, as we divested the acetyl business, we had to shift our business model a bit in how we were taking our acetyl product to market. And so, there's just some readjustments in logistics costs and how we manage our acetyl output out of Kingsport when we no longer have that plant down in Texas and how we were working in the market. So those two things are sort of some hits to the economics. The spread will obviously come back one day and a lot of these sort of one-time logistics costs and reconfiguring supply chains to serve customers will also sort of be a bit of a modest tailwind for next year too as we line them out. So those are sort of the combined factors that's going on in that acetyl business. I would note that we are predominantly acetic acid -- I'm sorry -- acetic anhydride in our production. So that's the market you should be paying more attention to for us relative to the acidic asset market that some other companies produce into. And we feel good about how that market will sort of be a tailwind next year relative to this year.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay. You have another segment that's now losing a couple of hundred million a year, roughly, and that line used to lose $50 million a year. Is 200 -- Can you talk about the difference between $50 million in the old days and $200 million in the new days? And does that just extend out in time as the normal run rate, $200 million? And then going back to acetyls, what's the total acetyl year-over-year penalty?
William McLain: Okay, Jeff. On your question of other, obviously, as we talked about from 2022 to 2023, one of the major resets in that was with regards to pension, and that being roughly $100 million headwind. So I would highlight that as one of the accounting outcomes of higher interest rates. Also, as we've increased in the back half of 2023, the pre-production and the startup costs regarding our methanalysis and circular platforms, you saw that increase and that's more connected to, I'll call it, the project timing and our progression through those. As you saw here in Q2, you saw roughly almost $30 million reduction in the expenditures and other and that is with our Kingsport methanalysis plant coming online and going from pre-production into producing inventory. So, as I think about it over time, obviously the factors matter, and as we see interest rates decline, that could be a tailwind into the future. So I wouldn't say $200 million is the run rate. It's just with the current, Ill call it, macro situation as well as us progressing successfully projects through the pipeline and now you'll see those results in advanced materials. And that's also how you will see some of our cellulosic products as well. And if we continue to invest there, those will then turn into the businesses in the future. About, say, $200 million or less in the current macro environment.
Mark Costa: So in addition to just the pre-production expense and efforts around the first plant, the engineering expense and project development expense around France project and Texas project, those costs are in that segment. So that's sort of been driving it. We would also note the pension costs are non-cash, so it's a headwind, but it's not a cash headwind. Jeff, I didn't understand your acetyl question. Could you expand on your question just a bit?
Jeff Zekauskas: In other words, you've got some pressure in unfavorable price costs, you've got some shutdown costs. So if you look at the year-over-year penalty that you're experiencing from the acetyl business and you've summed it all up, what would that penalty be if you can do that this year?
William McLain: Jeff, I would highlight as we think about asset sales in whole, I think it's the $30 million plus the increased logistics cost that Mark has highlighted. We're not going to be more specific in that at this point.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Aleksey Yefremov from KeyCorp. Please go ahead.
Aleksey Yefremov: Good morning, everyone. In prepared remarks you're saying that, you demonstrated ability to run methanolisus at around 70% using a diverse feedstock slate. So, I wanted to ask you what is your expectations for operating rates on average for the second half of this year? And also that 70% utilization, was it achieved on a feedstock slate that's representative of what you're going to be using for this plant in the long run?
Mark Costa: Yes. Great questions. So we're not going to get into our specific operating strategy, but we certainly intend to run above 70%. This is a new plant, new technology as we just discussed, a new set of feedstocks that vary significantly from one source to another, right? That's the significant difference in the circular economy versus the linear economy that's making products out of very consistent feedstock when you think about fossil feedstocks every day. So, we have been using a wide range of different sources of hard to recycle material. Some are better quality than others. When I talked about the 70%, that was running representative feedstock in what we think of -- what we call HTR, hard to recycle material. The limitations in run rate through really the first half of the year have been more mechanically related, or these sort of feedstock processing related issues about what we're putting in the plant that were sort of easily addressed. But when the plant, is it having some mechanical issues that we had to resolve, it runs really stably, right? We had this one issue about, once again, how to move some of the product from the middle of the plant to the back of the plant mechanically that took several improvements to address, the last final improvement we implemented this week. And that should get us into the sort of 90 plus percent range and how we can run the plant. But it's -- there are going to be times it's down for another issue that pops up, and we have a plant shut down for some sort of normal maintenance. But we feel like the forecast that we've built has us running much better in the back half than the first half, well in excess of customer demand. So we're confident we can serve customers with the ramp up in the volumes with the actions that we've taken.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thanks, Mark. And on the marketing site, have you been selling Tritan Renew mostly to customers who are already buying Tritan, or has this broadened your customer base for Tritan using the recycled version?
Mark Costa: Yes, it's a mix of both. So we certainly have loyal customers who've been buying Tritan for a long time that see a lot of value in the recycled content value proposition. But there's also -- we've been actually surprised by the number of application wins we're having with new customers and new end markets. So, if you ask me, from where our plan was in January to where we are today, we're actually growing volume in new wins and new customers more than I thought. And the upgrade of recycled content of some existing volumes is a bit slower for the economic reasons I mentioned. And so, we feel good about how we're broadening our customer base and our actual market base and where we can sell as we go into next year.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thanks a lot, Mark.
Operator: The next question is from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. And Mark, just on the maintenance, can you remind us if this is a normal year for planned maintenance and how does it look for 2025? Could 2025 be lower maintenance expenses versus 2024?
William McLain: Good morning, David. Yes, I would say that this year is a normal level of maintenance. Obviously, we go through each of our streams. We talked about the polymers turnaround, the acetyls, and then -- and next year we will also have an olefins turnaround, in addition to that with our crackers. But at an overall expense level, I would say this year is normal. There could be a little bit of favorability on a year-over-year basis. Additionally, in the fourth quarter [Multiple Speakers] David, I would say, as we have the polymer shutdown here in Q4, we've got the additional....
Mark Costa: So, David, as you think about methanolysis, the cost this year from a maintenance point of view is extraordinarily high, right, as we're starting up the plant. So I'd say in the normal assets, maintenance will be similar to next year to this year. But when it comes to sort of methanolysis, we'll have a tailwind next year because we don't have all the extraordinary pre-production expenses, all the sort of maintenance and fixing all the things in the plant as we're starting it up. So that'll be a tailwind. I mean, that's all embedded in our sort of incremental EBITDA conversation when we talk about circular, but for sure that part's going to be a tailwind next year. The rest I'd call it neutral.
David Begleiter: Got it. And just two things, Mark, in methanolysis. The $50 million this year of EBITDA, can you break out between advanced materials and other? And just in the France project, reading the prepared comments doesn't seem like there was much progress the last three months. Can you provide any more color on what's happening with that project?
William McLain: David, on the $50 million of incremental EBITDA, what I would say is in Q1 we saw -- we missed our guidance by about $10 million. So the $10 million of the decline was in other, and then $15 million, the remainder was in advanced materials.
Mark Costa: Yeah, when it comes to the next two projects, first we feel great about the Texas project. We're really proud to have Pepsi as such a large contracted and committed partner with that project. And that combined with the DOE grant helping offset capital inflation makes us feel great about that project. And we really think that project is going to be a great example of scalability of this platform where we can solve a plastic waste problem, use green technologies on the energy side to get the carbon footprint down up to 90%. And so, we're really helping customers with Scope 3 as well as on their mission, as well as solving this plastic waste problem. The French project, as we said before in this the first quarter call is moving along a bit slower than we originally expected. It's predominantly due to these customer contract conversations that we've had being slower than what we had expected originally. And then, of course, we're still working on the capital inflation on that project too and trying to lower the capital costs. We do have incentives in Europe too, but not quite at the same size as the IRA. So, it's really about those customer contract discussions, and it's similar to the conversation we just had. All the brands are very committed to recycling content goal, right? And dealing with the plastic waste crisis, as well as we are a significant contributor helping them lower their Scope 3 carbon emissions in Europe. That's equally, if not, more important win in most conversations with brands when you come down to -- continue to have very high recyclability goals, which by the way means the product is recyclable, but you can't actually keep that status for your product unless it's actually recycled. So they also have to deliver high recycled content goals in order to deliver that value. So that's, I don't think changed. They're not on track to hit their targets for 2025, partly because the economic situation had them moving a little bit slower, just like I explained with specialty customers where they're trying to manage costs in a difficult environment, partly because mechanical recycling isn't available to solve the problems. There isn't enough capacity to get to the targets that they have, especially in Europe, which starts for beverage bottles at 25% next year. And there's a lot of products and packages that they make that's not a clear water bottle, and those opaque colored trays, etc., different forms of PET. You can't -- in many of those you cannot actually use mechanical recycling to actually make those products. So they've got a challenge on how they're going to actually get recycled content into some of those products. So all that context is still very much intact and the conversations are still going on with all the customers. But you've got a market -- the PET market's at the bottom of the cycle right now, prices are incredibly low, economic times are tough, and so the regulations are a little unclear in Europe right now on what counts as recycled content and how that's going to work, that's causing the conversation to go slowly. But we fortunately don't see anyone dropping their engagement with us. It's just become slower in getting the contracts done.
David Begleiter: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Leithead from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Michael Leithead: Great. Thanks. Good morning, guys. Can you just speak to the reduction of CapEx a bit. I would have thought directionally that's still ramping up, not coming down as you move forward with Tritan, the Texas project. So is it a timing dynamic? Or can you just help refine that a bit.
William McLain: Yes, Mike. As Mark just highlighted, we're still working towards milestones on our circular projects, both in Longview and France. And France specifically, that's pushing the time lines out. So as we think about the CapEx required to achieve the growth, we've got the Kingsport project behind us here in first quarter of the year as we transitioned Also, as we highlighted, we're starting some of our other growth projects back up as we see the end of destocking and look forward with our innovation wins. So as we balance both of those out $650 million to $700 million, we think, is appropriate to achieve what we need to this year. And obviously, with that, we're not going to let cash sit on our balance sheet, and we increased our expectations for share repurchases for the full year to $300 million.
Michael Leithead: Great. That's helpful. And then can you speak more to what you're seeing in advanced interlayers today? I think you highlighted in the prepared remarks and the slides a bit. Just remind us how big that is relative to advanced materials, how you think about the growth rate there? And is it fair to assume that, that business is on average a bit higher margin than the overall segment there?
Mark Costa: So the interlayers business is having a good year and delivering meaningful earnings growth relative to last year in a flat to slightly down auto market. So it's a great testament to our innovation strategy and delivering results, as well as operational excellence in running our plants well. So the earlier business is about a third of the revenue of the segment. And it's predominantly focused on auto, but it also has B and C in it, which is sort of flat to last year. But on the auto side, we're seeing a lot of earnings growth as we're creating our own growth. We're very much leveraged to two end markets, the luxury end market and the EV market is still growing better than the overall average auto build. So we're getting leverage out of that by being in the right market segments. And then within that, we're selling more and more premium products. As we highlighted in the prepared remarks, we've had a great story around HUD and multiple generations of that product that we've been offering to the marketplace in the future we're building for it. So that's being adopted for better security and safety driving reasons in the car. And so, that has a lot of market upside. Also, when you get to the EVs, as we said, there's about 3 times as much square meters of interlayer of laminated glass in an EV relative to an ICE car. And they're buying very high-performance products. They want to have a very technology-forward car in most EVs, especially in the luxury in the market where we're focused. And so, they want HUD. They've got solar control that they need to have. And so, all of that is driving high value at times a lot more square meters. And even though EVs are not growing as much as I think many people expected, still growing better than the ICE market and giving us leverage. So you've had, for example, HUD, 20% up year-over-year in volume at very high margins. And we've had solar control up about 12% year-over-year. So these markets are growing fast in a market that's challenged. It's a great story.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Duffy Fischer from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Duffy Fischer: Yes, good morning, guys. First question is just again around methanolysis. So my understanding was the long pole in the tent has always been the cleanup on the back end and getting the impurities out. So were you able to -- when you're running at 70%, were you able to prove out that technology so that, that no longer is an issue? Or you still have to push it harder or get the MAX complexity of the H2R feedstock higher before you can kind of check that box and say that, that's a done deal?
Mark Costa: Yes, Duffy, that's been the big huge pleasant surprise to this whole project is, you're correct. Unzipping the polymer is pretty straightforward on the front of the process, purification of all this variable set of impurities from garbage to make sure you had a high purity DMT output on the back end is where there's a lot of complexity. And that's worked incredibly well from the very beginning process technology and separating and isolating out the monomers that we want to use again and stripping out all the other impurities has worked really well across all the different HDR. The frustrating part is, a lot of construction areas and sort of vendor equipment quality problems that we talked about that sort of really caused a lot of mechanical sort of start-up delays for us that had nothing to do with the process chemistry. They were easy to fix once you have the pump break you put a new pump. This feedstock issue that we've had recently, again, it was about form factor. It was about a couple of suppliers having impurities that were really not supposed to be there that we've now identified. But the broad spectrum [indiscernible] we intend to use and the changes we've already made on how to prepare that material before we put it in the plant has sort of addressed the recent plugging issues. So, we actually feel great about the process chemistry. We just need to line out the sort of mechanical operation of the plant, which is -- this is a very big plant. It's got a lot of complexity to it. And we probably should have expected more of this and we built our guide as we work through these challenges in this sort of construction environment.
Duffy Fischer: Great. Thanks. And then just on the base business, two end markets you called out is kind of doing better on coatings and the other one, ag. So on ag, where are you now kind of on a run rate relative to when it started to fall off? Are you still well below kind of that normalized level? And then on coatings, what are you seeing there in volumes because your customers still seem to be putting up pretty weak numbers, but your volumes seem to be stronger than that?
Mark Costa: Yes. I don't know if our volumes are a lot stronger than that. I mean you've got to remember there's two components. There's this end-market demand discussion that we're all having. And I think we see the end market demand situation similar to our customers on coatings, but you got to remember, there was a lot of destocking that those coatings customers did with us, right? And they completed that destocking. And so we benefited from that volume recovery in coatings, just like durables and everything else. So when you look at that, we're probably up high single digits in volume in B&C, but I would attribute most of that to just a lack of destocking relative to last year. The ag side of things, what I'd say is, there was a huge amount of destocking as was well documented by all the ag companies that certainly had an impact on us through last year. They resolved most of that destocking as we went through the first quarter. And by the time we were in the second quarter, I'd say we were sort of that normal sort of demand conditions, reconnected to demand, I think, is sort of the phrase with destocking behind us, and we're having a normal ag season this year so far. There sort of puts and takes to that. But the products that we make, it's I would call it a normal ag season. So Q2 was good. Q3 will be softer. We do not expect much inventory building in Q4 from our customers. I think they're still being a bit cautious on how to manage the inventory. So we expect we'll see a big build of ag demand for us in the first quarter of next year, which will be a nice tailwind for the next year versus this year.
Duffy Fischer: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: The next question is from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you. Mark, is there sort of a go/no-go date in terms of France? Or is there a plan B in case we're sitting here a couple of quarters from now and you still haven't made any progress on either the gating issues to move forward?
Mark Costa: When it comes to French project, I mean, Vince, I really hope we have clear insight by the end of the year of where that project is headed. I wouldn't say it's necessarily a formal go/no-go decision, but we'll have good insight as we go through the fall with customer contract discussions and finish the engineering work. The reality is, we have a lot of sort of portfolio options in how we manage these three plants and what products we put into each of them and what pace we build them. So we're very excited about the first plant. We're very excited about getting Texas built. Texas will have the capability to make specialty products as well as PET. So you've got flex in how you serve and support specialty growth and PET growth from the Texas project as we didn't go into the French project. But hopefully, have the sort out. We still think that that $450 million of EBITDA across these three projects is very much intact as a long-term value creation target across these projects. And depending on how you go forward, you can still get a lot of that value by shifting where you make the specialties in the first two projects. So there's a lot of sort of robustness in this plan, but we're very committed to wanting to build all three of these projects. But to be very clear, we're sticking to our model, which is on the PET side. If we don't get these long-term take-or-pay contracts as we did get with Pepsi, we will not build the French project. So, we're being very clear to the customers that we need to get these contract commitments in place to produce product that they very much need if they want to get to high recycling content targets in Europe. There is no way you can do it with mechanical alone, can't be done. So if they want to stay committed to their goals, they're going to have to support these kind of investments.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. Good to hear. And if I could just get your thoughts on -- Obviously, I don't know what's going to happen with the election. But on one side of it, we could be entering back into a world with tariffs and things like that. And so, maybe you could just help us understand what your view on that would be? And what sort of the learnings for Eastman was from sort of that original tariff period of 2017, 2018 and what the impact could be this time around?
Mark Costa: I'm glad you didn't ask me who's going to win the election in November, because [indiscernible], but I actually think tariffs are an issue, no matter which person we have as a President of this country. The China government has a very explicit and public policy of exporting their excess capacity to the world, and that's going to have an impact on markets. They're basically exporting unemployment to the world. And for us, fortunately, we're not got exposed to those exports from China. We do have some exposure when it comes to the CI business has some exposure. But really, most of the exports from China are going to impact Europe and Latin America. We don't have that many sales. Over 70% of our sales are in North America with CI. So our exposure there is somewhat limited. And ASP has a little bit of exposure. So from a direct import point of view and step one, which is where we are now, our exposure on the Chinese side is not that great, which is a good thing. The bad thing is, there's going to be reactions that you're already seeing in Europe and the U.S., putting tariffs in place for products are being exported at exceptional the cost out of China. And then that will be kind of response in China. So we do expect that there's some degree of tariff tension coming our way. This is not a new issue for us. China is about 10% of our revenue. About half of that is -- goes into China and then we are exported back out of China, typically, think of appliances, electronics and things like that durables. And that's mostly specialty plastics doing a round trip through China being made into something. The other half, our products locally consumed like some performance films and laminates for cars, windows or a few coatings specialties out of AFP. We do have a playbook on how to manage through that that we developed in the 2018, 2019 time frame. That playbook was relatively effective. And so, we're just updating it and being prepared if that scenario plays out.
Vincent Andrews: Thanks so much.
Gregory Riddle: We are ready for the next question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from John Roberts from Mizuho. Please go ahead.
John Roberts: Thank you. Mark, in Fibers, could you provide some color on [sigto] (ph) versus textile fiber. And now that textile is as profitable as sigto, what's the constraint on how quickly you could shift volume from sigto to fibers -- to textile fibers?
Mark Costa: So 80% of our revenue is tow. And obviously, that market has changed pretty substantially over the last two years as the utilization rates have become very high and customers have been focused on security supply. So we expect that market to continue to be stable. As we've mentioned, we have 100% of the business sort of contracted this year, 90% next year and 70% in 2026. So we feel pretty good about the contracts in place. There are obviously our provisions for natural market decline in the volume in those contracts, because it is still modestly declining industry when it comes to tow. And it does have pricing structures in there to adjust for changes substantial changes in raw material costs. So we're providing stability to both our customers as well as to us. So that part of the market, I think we feel pretty good about. When it comes to the textile business, it's been great. We've seen tremendous growth in the textile market. This is also another very challenged end market. If you go look at the fashion industry, it's not exactly growing. But yet our volumes have grown materially relative to that underlying market. The Naia fabric is just a great story. It's got half bio content and now with replacing coal with waste plastic. We can make the other half of the [indiscernible] to make the tow from wood pulp with waste plastic. So you got a very strong beginning of life story. And then this is going to become increasingly important is the microfibers that break off of clothing in the washing machine that end up in the ocean as microplastics, if it's a synthetic garment, ours will fully biodegrade. So we have plenty of certifications and studies that prove that our fibers will just naturally degrade at the same pace as cotton and have no sort of life in the environment. So that's exceptionally important and that's going to become a bigger and bigger value proposition because textiles is by far the number one source of microplastics in the ocean or water waste. And having a product that biodegrades, I think, is going to increasingly have a significant value proposition on that end-of-life proposition, not just the beginning of life. So we feel great about that business and expect it to continue to grow.
Gregory Riddle: Lets move to the next question please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Kevin McCarthy from VRP. Please go ahead.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes. Thank you and good morning. Mark, maybe sticking with microplastics in a sense. Can you provide an update on the [indiscernible] business. How are the early days going there with Sealed Air and any other customers that you may be working with? More broadly, can you just talk about things like market opportunity, growth rate, margin profile there? Do you think it could be bigger than Naia over time or smaller than Naia? How would you frame that out?
Mark Costa: Yes. [indiscernible] is going really well. We've had a great successful launch with Sealed Air in the marketplace. And we're now in a large grocery store that's doing a lot of trials where the product performance in the counter, if you will, is going really well. For those who are not as familiar with Aventa, we can replace polystyrene, expanded polystyrene, whether it's trays or clam shells in this case, trades for a protein like your chicken and pork and everything else that goes in the grocery store. We replaced all that as a drop in replacement to the existing polystyrene equipment with our cellulosic polymer, and it will get to the same low density as polystyrene and it is fully certified to biodegrade in home or industrial composting. And even if it ends up in landfill, it can biodegrade pretty much similar to paper. So it's a great story of end of life. It's got the same beginning of life story I just told you from Naia and how we can make it. But there's compostability where all these different food service products can just be thrown away with food and biodegrade is exceptionally important. There's a number of states that are now banning it, polystyrene from being used other states or companies willing just to have a natural -- sort of natural position. It also makes by the way, a phenomenally good straw, which is also compostable in rolling out in some major food chains right now as we speak. So the program is going well. The volume is ramping up. We have meaningful sort of commercial sales this year and expect a step up next year as we prove out this value proposition in these early trials. To answer your question about size, it can definitely be bigger than the Naia business. There's a significant amount of volume potential in this space, as you can imagine and the margins of this product are better than the company average. So as it grows, it's an upgrade for corporate earnings. It's an alternative market because it's made from the same exact [indiscernible] assay flake that we make tow out of or Naia out of and this uses the same polymer. So you've got flexibility to optimize value across tow, Naia and polystyrene off the same sort of fixed asset base. And when we look at it all together, we think that the growth curve of this will allow us and support us in expanding our [indiscernible] flake business over time. We look forward to telling you a lot more about this in the sort of circular day that Greg's scheduling. Because it's -- we'll cover the whole cellulose experience, as well as the polyester circular stream as we hope we better understand that when we break it down here at Kingsport. We're very much looking forward to getting all of you down here in Kingsport to see all these different products and assets in action.
Kevin McCarthy: Great. And then as a follow-up, if I may, Mark. Can you speak to the forward volume trajectory in advanced materials? You posted 12% there. But if I look at the two year stack, it's still down. So do you see additional runway to grow at double-digit pace in the third quarter, for example? Maybe you could kind of talk through what you're baking into the guide there.
Mark Costa: Yes. So our guide is basically a similar -- from an earnings point of view, a similar quarter in Q3 to Q2. And we've got, the methanolysis coming online, as we said, where the volume is now ramping up into 3Q and in 4Q. So you'll see that pick up on the advanced materials side. We'll continue to have innovation driving growth above underlying markets in the automotive sector, [indiscernible] win sort of applications across the portfolio on our innovation like we do every year in our past in the more traditional sense, if you will. So we see all that sort of volume helping us as we go into the back half of the year. You will, obviously, see some normal seasonality drop in demand in the fourth quarter. We expect that to be not as much as you would normally see net because of the ramp-up in methanolysis and everything else. So the fourth quarter will be better than typical because of methanolysis and some of these other end market ramp-up of innovation sales. So I think that all that will sort of come together to sort of help. There's also spread tailwind that helps in the back half of the year. When you look at some of the trends in energy costs that are still the lower energy cost at the beginning of the year still flowing through inventory and PX is a bit lower now than where it was in the first half of the year. So those are all tailwinds. Then the headwind is about $25 million higher shutdown costs in the back half of the year, but that's mostly in Q4 than the first half, right? That nets off some of that volume growth.
Gregory Riddle: Let's make the next question the last one, please.
Operator: Thank you. So the final question we have today is from Laurence Alexander from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Laurence Alexander: Good morning. Two quick ones. Just on heat transfer fluids. Is that $30 million expected to recur in the first half of 2025? And secondly, the $50 million increase in your new projects and growth project investments, is that new platforms you're working on? Or is that just inflation in your cost base? And how should we think about that going forward?
Mark Costa: So the first question, I'm going to answer. And the second question, I'm just not sure I understood the question. So the first question on heat transfer fluids, timing is everything in that business, and it's very hard to predict by quarter. So we've had a great year last year, $30 million lower this year. A lot of that $30 million will come back next year, specifically in the LNG space that are very high-value fills for us. But I would just think about it on an annual basis, it's very difficult to sort of predict exactly when fills occur quarter-by-quarter. On the second question, I apologize, but
William McLain: Yes. So Laurence, I think you're talking about our growth, our increase in spend and our capabilities as well as continued investments in growth. And as you think about what Mark just outlined on Aventa and the increased expenditures there that I referenced in our other segment. That's where -- again, this year, we're increasing those. We expect to see the ramp-up of revenue that Mark just referenced in the cellulosics and including the Aventa product line. So we're making the investments also to be efficient with the working capital, et cetera, and expect returns on those as we go into 2025.
Laurence Alexander: Thank you.
Gregory Riddle: Thanks, everyone, for joining us. We appreciate you being on this call with us. As Mark mentioned, we look forward to also having you in Kingsport later this year as we do a deep dive on our circular economy platform. Everybody, have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-26 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the First Quarter 2024 Eastman Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman website, www.eastman.com.
 I will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 
Greg Riddle: Okay. Thank you, Lydia, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Willie McLain, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Jake LaRoe, Manager, Investor Relations. 
 Yesterday after market close, we posted our first quarter 2024 financial release and SEC 8-K filing. Our slides and the related prepared remarks in the Investors section of our website, www.eastman.com.  
 Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear some forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in our first quarter 2024 financial results news release, during this call, in the preceding slides and prepared remarks and in our filings with the SEC, including the Form 10-K filed for full year 2023 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for first quarter of 2024. 
 Second, earnings reference presentation excludes certain noncore and unusual items. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded and adjusted items, are available in the first quarter 2024 financial results news release. As we posted the slides and accompanying prepared remarks on our website last night, we will now go straight into Q&A. 
 Lydia, please let's start with our first question. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley. 
Vincent Andrews: Mark, if I could ask you on the France project, could you talk a little bit about what you think the scope of the timing delay might be? It sounds like they're still committed to going forward there, but have some issues to iron out on the customer and the cost side. So what type of timing delay are we talking about? And what's your confidence that both of those issues will be resolved? 
Mark Costa: Thanks for the question. Overall, we're incredibly excited about the circular platform, excited about how we're operating the first plan, proving out this technology works and have a lot of engaged customers and also excited about long view with the DOE grant and Pepsi contract that gives us a lot of confidence. 
 And we believe long term, the European market is going to be structurally, an extremely attractive market to serve. But there are sort of two issues we're working with that we mentioned in the prepared remarks. There's a sort of regulatory uncertainty and there's just continuing to do the work we always do in dealing with inflation and getting the CapEx number where it needs to be for a good investment. And on the CapEx, we feel good about how we can manage that. So it really comes down to customer contracts and EU policy. 
 And what I'd say is the European Union has been far ahead of the world on recognizing both the carbon issues in this world, the climate change and having aggressive policy of that and also recognizing that they've got a packaging waste problem like we do everywhere else and wanting to have a policy that drives the brands, suppliers, the market to sort of address that packaging waste, which also includes a lot of carbon emissions.
 And so they developed a policy that is quite comprehensive, that has some reduce, reuse goals that will be -- sort of help the problem, but really focused on how do we get all of this material recycled. And it's still being finalized, but they've got aggressive targets like 25% content in beverages next year in '25 and everything being at 30%, very high local recycling rates required in Europe, EPR taxes on people who don't do it, strict definitions of what is a recyclable polymer, et cetera. And so all that, I think, is headed to be in policy and makes sense.  
 But there was one recent change that created some uncertainty on how the brands can achieve the recycled content targets. And there's a problem they face especially as you go from this year to next year, which is they're only recycling about 12% of PET back to bottles at the food grade level. They've got to be at 25% next year, so they will struggle to achieve that pretty significantly as well as there's some WTO issues that come up around imports. And they changed policy from requiring everything to be made from local material to allow imports to be included.  
 Now they put a bunch of restrictions on what imports would qualify around how it's being made from a sustainability point of view as well as all these standards. And there's still a lot of complexity and trying to understand that, but it would probably make it very difficult to import for most countries in these equivalency requirements. And it really creates a huge amount of complexity, both for the implementation of policy as well as -- and achieving the goals of high recycling rates and really issues around consumer brand equity when you're using imports, right?  
 Because when you bring imports into the country, you're replacing local demand for recycling, which increases incineration, which also violates the carbon emission goals of the European Union. The recyclability targets, which is your material considered recyclable requires a very high recycling rate in the European Union, which is also a problem. And then consumers don't want to be solving China's waste problem. They want to see policy driving up recycling locally to address the local problem.  
 So this creates some uncertainty and it really goes back to why we had the circular contracting model of we're in this business to be a service provider to the brands to solve their plastic waste problem. We're not getting back in the commodity business. So we're sticking to our guns as we've told you we would around long-term take-or-pay contracts that provide stable margins. And so we're still highly engaged with customers, still very much working with this, but this has slowed down the discussion on how to structure these contracts in this market context.  
 I'd also note that we are targeting a lot of applications that can't even use mechanical recycle material because of performance requirements in the package. And long term, mechanical recycling won't work anyway because it's going to degrade without chemical recycling sort of keeping it refreshed. So we're very confident in the long-term market structure. We believe this is a facility that should get built, but we've got to stick to our milestones and our requirements around getting the contracts in place like we told you we would do. 
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And what about on the cost side of the equation? It seems like you're still working on that as well. 
Mark Costa: I mean inflation, I think, has been an issue for every project out there that I've seen in our industry. The supply chain crisis has driven up the cost of everything from labor to equipment, et cetera. So all projects have had some amount of escalation to it. We have a good plan to get the capital to where it needs to be on the Longview plant, and we have developed a plan on how to get the capital down on the French plant.  
 But it's going to take a little more work on some of the elements of doing that. And so while we're working on getting these contracts, we're taking that extra time to continue working on reducing the CapEx. But we feel that we have a pathway to manage that issue. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Aleksey Yefremov of KeyBanc. 
Aleksey Yefremov: Mark, just to follow up on this, do you have any idea to what degree this delay in France could maybe help you load the Kingsport facility for specialty applications? 
Mark Costa: So we have a lot of different flexibility. That's the beauty of how we manage all of our polymer lines in how we optimize value. Today, we do it from Tritan to copolyesters to medical PET. And every line we have built, the ones in France as well as the Texas project, we'll have the flexibility to make both PET and specialty products. So we're always going to optimizing value and mix. That's the heart of our business model, and we're very good at doing it. 
 So in that sense, it doesn't really matter which project gets built first. We'll sort of optimize value between specialty and PET as we sort of build out our sort of our global position. The first plant is already very much focused on specialty applications. So we'll be driving into Tritan, into cosmetic packaging, into shrink packaging, into a variety of different applications and levering that up. And there's things we're working on to expand and extend the capacity on the first plant as we get it up and running while we sort of work on building the second and third plants. 
 And so whichever plant gets built first between Texas and France, we'll optimize value between PET, which we have the contract with Pepsi on and specialty to maximize value as we build out the portfolio. 
Aleksey Yefremov: And on the annual guidance, a nice beat in Q1. You have a lot of details in the press release. But in general, a strong start of the year, why not raise the full year? Did anything change in the rest of the year to keep the guidance the same? Or is it more conservatism than anything else? 
Mark Costa: It's more of the latter. When you -- we're very proud of the beat we had in Q1 and the fact that it was volume driven, which is the key element of the challenges we had last year, frankly, the whole industry had last year, to see that volume come back better than expected, gives us confidence, especially because it came back in the specialties, which is where our highest value is generated for the portfolio. So we feel good about that. 
 And as you look at our guidance, clearly, we have confidence in AM and AFP, and we have confidence in Fibers doing better. CI is always a little uncertain. But the main reason we're -- didn't upgrade the range is it's the first quarter. There's a lot of macroeconomic uncertainty out there, a lot of geopolitical uncertainty that we're all living with every day. 
 And we wanted to really stick to our approach in January, which is this is an economy-neutral forecast, right. We're not projecting fundamentals getting better in the back half of the year to deliver this range. We're also not projecting -- underlying demand is going to get worse in the back half of the year. We're saying it's neutral. We believe fundamentals will get better into the back half, and that would be upside in our forecast. If you have concerns about geopolitics, then there's some sort of -- there's risk to the midpoint of our forecast. But at this stage, I think it's just prudent to be a little cautious until we see how things develop. 
Operator: The next question comes from Duffy Fischer of Goldman Sachs. 
Patrick Fischer: Can you just give us some more details around the methanolysis plant that's been running, let's say, for a month now? I'm sure some stuff you can't. But things like what's the premium looking like? What's the breadth of feedstock that you've been able to run through? Maybe just kind of an update on how the plant's running and how you would expect it to ramp from here over the next couple of quarters? 
Mark Costa: Sure, Duffy. It's great to get that question because we're really excited about having this first plant up and running. This will be the world's largest chemical recycling facility, and we're really excited to show the world what's possible, not just in generating earnings and growth for our owners, but in solving a pretty significant environmental problem.  
 And we're really excited that we're on spec with the material and we're serving our customers. It's pretty amazing when you look at basically garbage going into the front of the plant and sort of on-spec material coming out the back end. And it is a very complicated technology and plant. So it is nontrivial to start up compared to if you're building a commodity asset. 
 The good news is that we have fully confirmed that the process chemistry works, which was always the biggest question that I think people had and we can confirm that's working. We've validated all the unit ops are functioning as designed. It can run continuously. So we feel really good about the sort of design and the structural aspects of the plant.  
 The challenge has been just on getting the plant to run reliably. And we're certainly about 4 weeks behind schedule as we mentioned in the prepared remarks on that front. And really, we're still focused on reliability. So we haven't moved into a broad feedstock slate or ramped up the capacity a lot until we've actually addressed some of these mechanical issues.  
 So all the issues we're facing have nothing to do with the process chemistry. It's literally mechanical issues. Some of it was in the beginning, construction errors, leaks and improperly installed equipment. We believe we've addressed most of those issues -- actually, all of those issues at this stage.  
 Then there's been sort of more-than-normal early failure of some pieces of equipment like instrumentation, valves and some other equipment. This is not unique to us. We see all of our peers having the same challenge globally where just equipment wasn't as made as well as we would hope in the supply chain crisis. And we're all sort of dealing with these kind of sort of annoying little issues. They're simple to solve, but they just slow you down as you have to sort of pause to address them.  
 And we've also had some reliability issues on rotating equipment, especially pumps. And that is a little more complicated. It's a mixture of quality -- quality of assembly, some design issues and some operating learning. We've done a total root cause analysis on that. We feel we have a very clear understanding of what's causing it, and we're very close to completing all the actions we need to address those issues.
 So I'd say from a mechanical point of view, we feel very good about where we're at. The plant's running. Our priority right now is serving customers, which we're doing. And we're just in the phase of ramping up production and sort of expanding our feedstock slate to sort of try out those issues.  
 But the 70% of the op of the plant is a monomer called DMT and that's always clean, no matter what. So the process chemistry around sort of viewing impurity really is just about EG, which is a smaller part of the plant. So as we ramp up, test that other material, we feel very good about supplying customers this year because their demand that we're projecting is not close to capacity of this plant. And so we've got plenty of ways to keep them served and supported.  
 So we still forget about the $75 million of EBITDA that we've got out there as having a pathway. It's obviously a little more challenged with how we've had a slower start, but we feel good that we can achieve it for the year.  
 What I'd say as far as progression goes, our plan was always to do what we're doing right now is run at a steady state to make sure mechanically everything is fine, then you ramp up as well as start broadening the feedstock, which we'll be doing through this next quarter. So we'll have a lot more to tell you about that when we get to the second quarter call. 
Patrick Fischer: Great. And then in the market, it seems like there's been an inordinate number of PDH unit issues over the last couple of quarters. Maybe just bigger picture, how has that impacted your business? You obviously take a lot of propylene, make derivatives. But do you see that as a positive or a negative across your whole portfolio? 
Mark Costa: Well, first and foremost, the sort of propylene derivatives are predominantly going to show up in CI as far as the value goes, but there are propylene derivatives that go into AFP as well as AM. So there's parts of the propylene stream that goes across a whole integrated complex.  
 When the outages occur, and the price of PGP goes up, that's good for us, obviously. But it's always a question of how does PGP move relative to the price of propane that gets us to that spread. And through the first quarter, we certainly saw PGP move up, but we also saw propane prices come in much higher than expected. So those sort of netted out to some degree.  
 And as we go into this quarter, those spreads look like they're going to contract a bit from the first quarter with the way PGP prices have come off as outages have been resolved. So it's the nature of these olefin businesses where there's a certain amount of up and down in spreads and that's just factored into our guidance. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Frank Mitsch of Fermium Research. 
Frank Mitsch: Mark, I do appreciate the color on what's going on in France. And I'm trying to reconcile how the consumer brand companies that are out there, they're making promises about what percent they're going to have recycled by what year. And reasonable minds believe that they're not going to hit those targets. And so here is an opportunity to get on board with recycled content with you and yet it seems like they're waiting for government subsidies or mandates or something before they sign contracts. 
 I mean the -- it almost seems hypocritical on their part in terms of making these statements. So it begs the question, how committed are they in terms of recycled content? And given where we are right now, how do you feel about the potential of -- if things don't work out the way that you anticipate, walking away from the France project? 
Mark Costa: So one, every customer we have that we're meeting with, I think, is highly committed to addressing the recycled content question and making sure that they're making their packaging with higher rates of recycled content. And frankly, many of the top brands have 100% goals on a lot of their packaging. They're way above any sort of regulatory policy that's out there. So I don't think there's any lack of commitment that they know this is important.  
 I do think there's a reality which is there's a significant lack of recycling infrastructure in this world and in mechanical recycling today, and I think most of the brands understand that a lot of what they do in packaging, mechanical recycling, won't even work properly. So the need for chemical recycling is absolutely necessary in the long term. There's just -- I haven't run anyone who thinks that both mechanical and chemical aren't necessary.  
 So demand condition is very clear. The question is how do they meet those conditions, right? And at the moment, there's been a ramp-up if you go look at the data of inwards of our PET into the U.S. and Europe that is affordable. And that's a way for them to manage cost and hit their targets in the short term.  
 The dilemma for that is it doesn't really solve the actual problem, which is you, as consumers, European consumers, want waste out of their environment, right? They don't want to be a solution to China's trash problem, right? So they've got to work their way through that on the economics versus what the real goal is, which is addressing local recycling.  
 And so as they're sort of in a situation of where our PET prices are relatively low right now and imports are available versus the long term, which regulation is certainly going to drive a requirement for higher recycling rates within the U.S., within Europe, how do they sort of make those choices and decisions?
 So it's just taking us longer to work through these contracts. I'm confident in the end, these brands will focus on what is the correct thing to do for the U.S. and Europe sort of waste issues, but it's just taking us longer to negotiate the contracts than we expected. 
Frank Mitsch: I appreciate that. I mean it seems like a slam dunk. You guys seem to be the best game in town for them to get to that chemical recycling, which is superior to mechanical recycling and yet it's taking a little bit slower.  
 Just one other question. In the prepared remarks, you talked about a Patagonia partnership where you're recycling it's unusable apparel. Unusable apparel, what is that? Is that like off-spec products? And is this something that -- can you provide a little more color on that? And is this something that you're looking to expand with other consumer brands? 
Mark Costa: It's a great story. And Patagonia is by far the leader like Europe around recycling. Patagonia has a take back program. So it's an active program with their customers to say when you're going to -- instead of throwing your garment away, your fleece vest or whatever it is you have, drop it off at a store and we'll take it back, so it doesn't end up in landfill. So it's actually a genuine circular program to prevent textiles being thrown away.  
 The second largest source of plastic waste in landfills or incineration are textiles after packaging. It's a huge problem. And so they are truly forward-leaning when it comes to anything environmental way ahead of anyone else, and they really do their science on it. So they're taking back all these garments and then we're shredding them and recycling them and putting it back into fibers, in this case, Naia fibers, for some of their products. So it's a genuine circle for the textile industry.  
 So it's a program we certainly want to expand and do with other companies. If you think of all the fast fashion brands out there where the whole business model has been centered on buy things and then throw it away and buy new things, with the regulations that are coming in Europe around that waste, which is the next round after packaging regulation as well as the consumer pressure on waste that exists here as well, this is another great circular story.  
 And we can take ultimately this back into the -- our CRT to make Naia fibers or we can take the textile back into the polyester plant to make polyester fibers, chips for polyester fibers. So it gives us a lot of opportunities to work on there.  
 These are complicated programs. I wouldn't say that the volume is going to be particularly high anytime soon. But it is a model that has to be developed to build a future where we have [ waste ] environment. And with the new technology, when you think about the Texas project, 90% lower carton footprint, almost close to a zero carbon footprint plan. And that's extremely compelling not just on the waste side, but on the decarbonization side. So we're very excited about what we can do for the marketplace. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Begleiter of Deutsche Bank. 
David Begleiter: Mark, on the Longview project, if you could reach FID in Q3, what's the time line from there for construction and start-up? 
Mark Costa: Yes, that would have a plant sort of coming online in the second half of 2027. 
David Begleiter: And would the cost -- how would the cost compare to Kingsport? 
Mark Costa: The capital costs are different. The methanolysis unit will be much cheaper than the Kingsport plant to build because there's a lot of sort of lessons we learned as we've shared in past calls around how to sort of be more effective in building the plant, right? So we certainly don't intend to have the construction issues that we ran into, and there's a lot of learning both in the construction as well as operating the plant now that gives us much better insight on how to improve some aspects of the plant, all of which will make the plant cheaper to build. 
 So we feel good about that part of the plant coming in lower than Kingsport by a meaningful amount. But the difference is Kingsport had a huge amount of polyester lines and all the infrastructure for handling materials into the plant and out of the plant that we could leverage as well as energy infrastructure that was already in place here that was leverageable, we didn't have to add energy and steam infrastructure.
 So when you go to the Longview plant or the France project, the methanolysis one part is cheaper, but you're adding polymer lines, you're adding -- and you have a lot of infrastructure you need to build around this facility that doesn't exist in either of those locations. So the total capital cost turns out to be higher. 
 Fortunately, we've got great incentives with the DOE grant, that $375 million is extremely helpful in supporting the economics of the project, offsetting inflation and paying for this add of scope that we did to the plant with this thermal battery and solar facility that allows us to get to that 90% reduced carbon footprint I mentioned. 
 And then the French plant, same thing. It's cornfield, so there's infrastructure you're having to add that's sort of more. And there, you've got a biomass steam plant you're building as opposed to leveraging existing energy infrastructure at the Tennessee site. 
 So it is a -- each project is quite different in scope in what it's building, and both projects have a lot of incentives to support it. We haven't disclosed the full amount from France, but it's an attractive amount of support as well. I mean I have to say, the French government through everything has been incredibly supportive on incentives, on permitting, helping make sure the policy makes sense in Europe as much as they can. So we really appreciate all their support and everything that they've done to enable that project. 
David Begleiter: And Mark, if I could ask just on Fibers. And obviously, strong top line driven by Naia. I read your prepared comments. How should the top line trend in Fibers as you move through the rest of the year? 
Mark Costa: I think that the Fibers trend from a volume point of view is a bit less in the back half of the year than the first half. So volume and earnings will be a little bit less in the back half of the year. And it's just timing of customer orders. It's sort of normal. We've always talked about this business. The order pattern of the customers is a little bit unpredictable across the year. So it's just that. 
 But the textile side will continue to grow and provide earnings growth. The tow volume obviously, as I just said, will come off a bit, and the back half will be a little bit lower in the first half. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas of JPMorgan. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas: What's the depreciable life of the Kingsport methanolysis plant? 
William McLain: The depreciable life, you can just think about around 20 years for the Kingsport facility. And honestly, that would be true for each of the large circular recycling plants that we're building. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Great. And in terms of the volume growth in the quarter, Additives & Functional Products shrank 1%. Which of the subcategories declined in volume in the quarter? And in Advanced Materials, where you were up 4%, how would you compare what happens in Specialty Plastics to interlayers to performance films? Did they all grow? Did some of them shrink? 
Mark Costa: Sure, Jeff, and nice compound question. You got two segments in one. So on AFP, we were sort of net down 1%, which I'd call mostly flat. And there are meaningful moving parts on that, Jeff. Coatings and care chemicals actually had very good growth sequentially into the first quarter. And then we had much lower specialty fluid bills and heat transfer fluids. And those two sort of offset each other. 
 Ag was its own unique dynamic, right? So year-over-year, there's still destocking relative to last year, so demand's down. But we did see more-than-expected sequential improvement in ag demand from Q4 to Q1, which was just less -- it turns out they didn't need to destock as much as they thought. They had confidence about the ag season this year. So in North America, I would say, destocking is over. 
 There is still some residual destocking, competitive dynamics for our customers, not us, but for our customers, going on in Latin America. So there's still some of that destocking to come to an end in the future. But the vast majority of our business is focused on North America. So for us, we're feeling pretty good about the ag business and how it played out. 
 Regarding AM, we had a very strong recovery in the durable space. So sequentially, sort of durables were up 15% from Q4. They're up significantly relative to last year. So that was a great improvement. We saw also shrink in cosmetics sequentially grows. Shrink, up 15% and cosmetics also had a good sequential growth. So those were all good, but there's still a lot of destocking offsetting some of that growth in medical. That's still going on. 
 And there's a tough comp on the performance film side. Last year, we had a very strong loading of channels in China orders. And with the auto markets basically being flat globally, but down in China, the demand was not nearly as good in performance films this year as it was last year against that tough comp. And the interlayer part was sort of flattish with builds. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Roberts of Mizuho. 
John Roberts: Sounds like the new Kingsport plant at the EBIT level will be modestly above breakeven in the second half. Do you still expect to get to corporate average or higher EBIT margins for that facility? And what happens with the other segment here as Kingsport moves out of other and you begin spending on Longview? 
William McLain: Thanks for the question. Just as a reminder, as we've highlighted earlier, we're on a pathway to the $75 million in incremental EBITDA. I would point out, obviously, in 2023, we had a net investment in the other and an expense of roughly about $25 million. So you can think about EBITDA growing from roughly consuming 25 to about 50 positive for the year. 
 As we've highlighted, it took us a little longer to start up here in Q1, and that's the reason that other ran over on the EBIT view. As we transition into the second half, we expect mostly all of the EBITDA growth to occur in the second half, and that would be primarily within Advanced Materials, and that's also why you see our confidence in the range that we provided for AM overall. As I look at it in total, basically, the EBITDA is still about 2/3 Advanced Materials, 1/3 in other for the full year. 
 On the margin basis question, I would say it's above segment average margins on both EBITDA and EBIT basis in Advanced Materials. 
Operator: The next question comes from Kevin McCarthy of Vertical Research Partners. 
Kevin McCarthy: Just a follow-up on Advanced Materials. Mark, it was nice to see your quarterly results. And I guess, if I look at the annual guide, you're looking for a 40% growth rate at the midpoint versus 2023 annual EBIT for AM. So maybe just if we zoom out the lens, your last couple of years have been kind of dislocated for that business. You're now seemingly coming back and regaining traction into a better place. 
 What is your view of the likely growth rate? Or how do you see the puts and takes for that segment over the next couple of years? You had a few years where you did north of $500 million. Now you've got some methanolysis-related earnings flowing into the segment as was just discussed. So how do you see the glide path for AM in '25 and '26? Maybe some color there would be helpful. 
Mark Costa: Sure. So first of all, we're extremely happy to have Advanced Materials back on a track of sort of recovering out of an extremely bad demand environment and getting back on track to deliver very attractive growth and very attractive margins for our owners. 
 At the end of '22 and '23 was obviously sort of the worst demand environment we've ever seen. When you think about how demand came off and that we had over 5 quarters of destocking, along with very low demand in all the discretionary markets, whether it be B&C or durables or even destocking in great markets like medical, I mean, we clearly didn't -- every market destocked out except for auto through the entire year last year. So the volume/mix headwind -- because those were also the highest value markets, was pretty significant.
 So getting volume back, which is just destocking this year. Remember, we're not guessing any improvement in this forecast for end market growth in the discretionary markets. We're going to, as we've guided, start recovering earnings in a pretty substantial way versus last year. 
 So as you look forward into '25 and '26, we believe we'll certainly get back above where we were in 2021 and continue to grow from that, right? So we don't have any market growth yet in this outlook for this year. So that's upside as the markets stabilize and recover. You've got just getting started on the Kingsport methanolysis plant where the asset utilization is quite low and the volumes are not that high this year. So you've got the fill-out of that plant creating a lot of value so that you can take that $75 million to $150 million of EBITDA and that still has additional upside from there, but that's just in '25. 
 We've got wins going on in our traditional innovation model in other parts of Specialty Plastics that's creating growth. We've got circular economy driven growth in eyewear with our renew recycled loop for all the eyewear companies. And you've got automotive continuing to deliver innovative growth above market. They'll do that this year, and they'll keep doing that as we go forward. 
 So you've got all these different sources of volume growth that help get back above [ 21 ] and keep going. You've got asset utilization tailwinds that will come with us, especially in the methanolysis plant, which is a pretty large chunk of new costs into this year relative to last year and then leveraging that. 
 I would say, on the spread side, I would assume things to be relatively neutral. So we got our margins to an attractive level to support investment in this business from some of the challenges that we had as we caught up to inflation. And prices will probably come off a bit over time in line with how raw material and energy costs are coming off a bit. 
 So I would say, as you think about the modeling, I wouldn't assume an expansion or contraction in spreads. I would assume that we've got attractive margins now and you're leveraging all that volume against those margins to create a pretty attractive earnings growth. 
Kevin McCarthy: And then just as a brief follow-up, I think your commentary cited some new application wins in Advanced Materials. What are those? And do you see yourself as gaining share relative to competitors' broader market growth rates? 
Mark Costa: Yes. The model of this business has always been growing above end markets because you're winning in applications relative to some other material, right? And that's been true for Tritan forever as well as our copolyesters. So I'll just give you a couple of examples. One, we're growing a lot in hydration bottles in China. It wasn't a market for us. They're using Tritan, and we're seeing growth in those kind of products.
 We're seeing -- getting into a broader set of applications with Black & Decker on their tools. Their first launch with Tritan was really successful and now they're expanding into a broader set of tools. We have a new product for shrink packaging that's patented. That is a recycled code 1 product, so it's fully recyclable where the historical products were not. So that's gaining a lot of traction for us both in volume and margin as we just win with a more recyclable product. Obviously, recycled content would add more value to it. 
 So there's always these wins we have in all kinds of places in the portfolio that sort of has allowed us to deliver attractive growth. And as much as we're very excited about methanolysis, and that is a huge prior of capital deployment and innovation effort, we wanted to remind investors that our core model is still active and winning business every day, and we're adding methanolysis on top of that. 
Operator: The next question comes from Patrick Cunningham of Citi. 
Patrick Cunningham: You seem to be fairly confident that we're reconnecting the primary demand levels here. Did you get the sense that any of the volume improvement in the first quarter came from maybe some modest restocking? I know I have heard the potential that, that's happening on -- from paints and coatings producers or maybe there's people building safety stocks ahead of geopolitical disruption. So I'm just wondering if you've seen any of that in the first quarter and the expectations into 2Q? 
Mark Costa: I'd say on the margin, there's probably a bit of restocking that's occurring. I mean it's almost impossible to really know the answer to that question. When you get into destocking or restocking, your customers are not exactly that clear on what's going on. But I can definitely point to a few examples where Red Sea logistics concerns would cause some -- has caused some customers to buy ahead of that risk in a few places, as an example. 
 But at this stage, I think it's really hard to call lack of destocking, a little bit of restocking or maybe even a little bit of market growth. I mean there's just no way to know precisely what that is. But I can tell you, it's not a material driver of our earnings at this stage based on what we know from the customers. We're not seeing large orders come in where people are restocking in some sort of noticeable way. 
Patrick Cunningham: Got it. That's helpful. And then just on the expanded scope for the Longview facility, is the funding you're receiving there from the DOE simply just offsetting that expanded scope? And how should we think about economic returns given this expanded scoping? And would you expect additional premiums? Or maybe are we reliant on some price for carbon abatement in the future? 
William McLain: Patrick, thanks for the question. The DOE program, as it's designed, basically provides a series of cash payments based on what we negotiate there that basically is providing an investment offset to the CapEx as we move along. So yes, the way I look at it is a direct offset to the capital. Basically, it will be progress payments across the almost 3 years of construction. So you've got that matching. And it's up to $375 million, as we've talked about. 
 We're currently negotiating those exact terms of the award, but we're targeting to have a lot of sight to that over the next 3 to 6 months. And it is definitely an offset to the additional -- as we talk about thermal batteries, as we think about the green energy source that this will offset that as well as the additional inflation on that. So it's back to -- and we're confident that we'll have greater than 12% returns on the project. 
Mark Costa: I think it's too early to tell on the sort of premiums associated with decarbonization. It's very clear, people are willing to pay premiums for recycled content. It has very -- like product safety, plastic waste in the environment is a very emotional issue for consumers, and they're really, really not happy about it. And so they're not happy with the brands about it, and they're putting pressure on their politicians to address it. 
 Carbon is still not exactly clear what premiums people are going to get for just decarbonization. So I think there's upside as -- as it becomes a cost to carbon as policies start getting implemented on that front, but we're not assuming any premiums associated with the carbon side of things in our core economics. But we are going to -- we are, as we go forward with this project now that it's very compelling, see what the value is with consumers on that front -- I mean, with the brands. 
Operator: The next question comes from Josh Spector of UBS. 
Joshua Spector: I had two questions I wanted to ask on volumes. So on my math, when I look at the first quarter, volumes versus 2019, it was -- it appears to be your easiest comp. You were up 3% year-on-year. So the first piece is, how do you think the year-on-year comps on volumes progressed through the year? Do you do better or worse on where that comp is versus the 2019 baseline? 
 And related to that, I guess, there's a lot of choppiness in some of the numbers. Where would you say your core volumes are in your plans for the year versus 2019? Thinking about that in terms of what's the benefit if you see a stronger demand improvement or a full reconnection versus just improvement? 
Mark Costa: Sure. So I think it's easiest to sort of separate our revenue portfolio between what are stable end markets and what are sort of discretionary end markets. The stable end markets have consistently sort of grown through 2019 to now at very modest rates, call it, 2% to 3%, whether it's medical, personal care, et cetera, those kind of markets. 
 But there was a dislocation that even in those markets, there was destocking last year that played out, depending on the market 1, 2, 3 quarters to sort of finish their destocking in those markets. And then they've reconnected back to sort of demand and are growing again, which is true for this year, medical being sort of the worst, ag and medical being the most stable markets that had the biggest destocking because of fears of not having inventory in '21 and '22. 
 On the discretionary markets, as everyone knows by looking at housing data or automotive build data, well, harder to see it but appliances, electronics, et cetera, same story. Demand is, relative to 2019, not great. We're at a 28-year low in existing home sales in the United States. B&C construction in China is off dramatically, still -- and also a lot in Europe. So B&C prior demand is extremely challenged. 
 When you think about the materials world, existing home sales to something -- to Eastman is more important than new homes, because of all the appliances, electronics, more painting, et cetera. So that market is very challenged. It will come back. It's obviously, I don't think coming back this year, but that's upside to getting back to what is normal from where we are now and then growing from there. So there's a pretty big gap there relative to '19.
 When it comes to auto, same thing, there's a huge backlog of increasingly older cars that need to be replaced around the world. And first is semiconductors limiting the ability for consumers to buy cars, then interest rates now slowing down the rate of buying cars, but the demand for that will certainly recover and be a significant amount of upside for us. Same thing with durables, big shift to service lifestyle post COVID. At some point, people rebalance back to some blend of buying material, discretionary items and seeing Taylor Swift. 
 So I think that all those are still well below sort of '19 levels in one form or fashion relative to where they should be. So as you look at this year, and the way our guidance is built, all we have is a lack of destocking, some innovation-driven growth, starting to deliver real value out of methanolysis, stable markets being okay. 
 And all that recovery that I just described is upside to '25 and '26. I'm not about to tell you which year it's going to happen, but there's certainly a lot of upside in places that are most challenged are also our highest value markets from a margin per unit basis. So as those markets went down, it was a significant headwind. As those markets come back, it's going to be a significant tailwind. 
Joshua Spector: I appreciate that. I guess if I try to wrap that all together, I mean, I struggle with if your volumes for 2019 versus 2018, are you flat? Are you down high single digits just considering the two offtakes? Is there a way to quantify that at all? 
Mark Costa: I don't have that answer for you and that -- at a sort of integrated company basis. We look at everything on a market-by-market basis. And so what I told you is sort of how to view it. Half the revenue is very stable and growing. Half the revenue has a huge amount of upside at very high value. And I'm not going to try and quantify that on a weighted average basis. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Laurence Alexander of Jefferies. 
Laurence Alexander: Given the feedback you're hearing from customers around the recycling plans now that you've started one off and you have -- you're making progress on the next two. And also kind of that consumers increasingly see that alternatives are available, is that changing the way you think about you're managing the balance sheet and the cadence of projects over, say, the next 5, 7 years? 
Mark Costa: I don't think so. I just want to make sure I understand the question correctly before I try and answer it. We have three -- we have -- the normal core business that has maintenance, right? So there's always CapEx around that, call that in the $350 million range. And then there's always specialty investments we're making in growing our capacity to serve all the different specialty markets we have, which has always been part of our core model, and that takes you to -- with maintenance, $500 million to $600 million range on CapEx.
 When you go beyond that, then you're starting to make choices around how much am I doing in share repurchase versus how I'm deploying capital to the circular economy. Obviously, we've got one plant behind us at this stage. So there's a question of when you build France and Texas, how do you stagger them? Are they going to be right on top of each other? And how the CapEx for those two programs, net of incentives sort of add together. 
 And we believe we have a balance sheet and a cash flow in place to fund all that. So we don't have to take on debt to do it, just to answer that question. And how we're going to -- I mean, by just nature, I think, as opposed to intention, these projects will end up staggered one way or another. It would be extremely unusual if they both start at the same time just based on getting permits and contracts and everything else. So they'll be staggered to some degree. That's all factored into our analysis about how we work through '25 and '26. 
 I don't know if you want to add to that, Willie? 
William McLain: Yes. So what I would just say is we're confident that we can keep a strong investment grade balance sheet through that. You're seeing that as we updated our guidance on capital this year of being $700 million to $750 million, and expecting share repurchases of $200 million to $300 million. 
 And as Mark has outlined, we've always been agile between our growth investments and then using any excess cash for bolt-ons, and then returning cash to shareholders. We will continue to be disciplined in that capital allocation, and we expect to generate the cash flow to fund our strategy. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Sison of Wells Fargo. 
Michael Sison: Nice start to the year. Mark, when you think about maybe a '26, '27 sort of longer-term earnings potentially, your methanolysis facility in the U.S. is ramping up well, it sounds like. And if you add that -- the potential scale up there plus potential volume, is there sort of an EBITDA potential you think you can get back to or get above? I think you peaked about [ $2.2 billion ] in '21. Just framing up what the earnings potential is if volume does recover in the next several years. 
William McLain: Mike, let me start with last year, we had $1.6 billion of EBITDA. This year, our guidance is at $1.8 billion. And what I would say, as we've talked about normalized, that's going to be north of $2 billion. As we think about adding $150 million to $200 million for the Kingsport plant, that puts us in that $2.4 billion range.
 And then there's upside as we think about adding the Longview project and the France project on top of that. But we're obviously highly focused right now on delivering the growth in Advanced Materials and Additives & Functional Products with the investments we've done to date. As Mark just highlighted, from an end market, ultimately, we're leveraged to a recovery in the economy now that the destocking is substantially behind us. And that's what we're focused on delivering. 
Mark Costa: If you do look at it on a historical comp basis, it's more compelling because we sold off $175 million of EBITDA in adhesives and tires and used the proceeds of that to reduce share count, basically neutralizing what we sold off in the EBITDA. So when you get to an EPS level, the leverage of that EBITDA number that Willie just told you is much more significant on the EPS and stock price basis. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Arun Viswanathan of RBC. 
Arun Viswanathan: I had a similar question to Mike here. So if you think about your bridge to EPS, it looks like you're on the path to do about $3.60 or so in the first half and that would imply about to $4 to $4.40 for the second half, depending on where you land in the range, the midpoint to the upper end. And so that $4 to $4.40, maybe if you annualize that for next year, that's $8 to $8.80, which would kind of fall in line with your maybe 10% EPS growth targets, or 8% to 12%. 
 Is that how you guys are thinking about kind of progress from here? And if that is the case, would that be mainly kind of volume recovery and maybe some methanolysis? Or how are we thinking -- you guys are feeling about kind of where you are in the evolution here with the returns and primary demand and some volume growth? Do you see that target of 8% to 12% EPS growth back in view? 
William McLain: Yes. I think you framed it well, and I think it fits into the end market lens and the leverage to the volume growth that we've seen since 2019, which is it's basically been roughly flat to slightly negative since that timeline at the corporate level and the volume/mix line.
 With the combination of Advanced Materials and the leverage, we talked about how that volume/mix drops to the bottom line with the fixed cost structure that we've had in combination with the growth. In the back half of this year, we see that leverage for the application growth as well as the back half EBITDA growth for the methanolysis facility. 
 When we look into growth in 2025, we've talked about another $75 million of EBITDA growth from methanolysis and the application wins that we'll have there as well as we're at solidifying our contract structure on Fibers. So you can consider that stable in this period. And we will have growth as ag recovers, as building and construction recovers and AFP. And I would say we're at sort of trough levels in the intermediate space. So 10% growth at the midpoint is reasonable as we go forward. 
Mark Costa: I'd just add, AFP also has growth. We're an exceptionally low level of heat transfer fluid fills this year. We have a clear order book to that $30 million drop from '23 to '24 to recover that as we go into '25, not to mention B&C having any kind of market recovery would be upside. So there's upside in AFP, there's a lot of upside in AM, stability in Fibers, CI's at the bottom of the market. So at some point, start coming off of that and recovering from a spread point of view. So there's multiple ways you sort of combine that together to get to growth next year versus this year. 
Greg Riddle: Let's make the next question the last one, please. 
Operator: So our final question comes from Salvator Tiano of Bank of America. 
Salvator Tiano: So firstly, I wanted to ask a little bit about the France project and setting aside CapEx and regulations. How do you see the OpEx there? And especially because I think a couple of months ago, you signed an agreement with a recycling company to import PET waste from -- as far away as Italy and Spain, which obviously, it would mean pretty high feedstock [ costs ]. So does this mean that there could be -- that the France project may have elevated OpEx because of that, firstly?
 And secondly, why so far -- you haven't signed agreements with -- for more domestic supply because of things that -- in Europe with our single-stream PET recycling, it will be the ideal location. And again, you still have to go as far as France and Italy to get feedstock. 
Mark Costa: So this is a large-scale project and aggregating feedstock from a wider range than just France, given the state of the current infrastructure in Europe for collection and sortation is the appropriate thing to do, right? France is a huge opportunity to improve in collections and sortation. It's part of why they want to really support this project. 
 Currently, we have about 70% of our feedstock under contract, which is a mixture of France, Germany, at least Spain, as you noted. The logistics costs were always factored into our economics for this approach to the marketplace, so that's all built in. But the last 30% is not signed because we want to work with the French government and the local municipalities across France to sort of get that feedstock closer in as they develop that infrastructure. 
 So that's sort of where we want to go. That's why we're not signing up for any more from other places, because we're focusing on how to get more out of France for that last remainder. But that's all built in, and the actual logistics cost per kg is not significant in the economics for this plant. 
Salvator Tiano: Okay. Perfect. Then the other thing I want to clarify is about what do we expect for this year, Fibers volumes, because Q1 was down 7% sequentially. You talked about Q2 being similar to Q1 and then another step down in second half. So that pretty much seems to imply a very big annual decline, which I don't think is what we were expecting. 
William McLain: On the volume, what I would say is -- there's only -- we've talked about Naia growing, and we expect that to grow on the -- as the date front, we would expect, I'll call it, flat to modestly down, but we also provide intermediates and flake, and we would expect that's where some of the volume would be declining. 
Mark Costa: On a full year basis, it gets a little complicated when you're doing -- looking at sequential and year-over-year numbers for this. The volume is relatively flat to last year when you look at it on a full year basis. 
Greg Riddle: Okay. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I really hope you have a great day and a great weekend. Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-02 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Fourth Quarter Full Year 2023 Eastman Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman website, www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Greg Riddle: Thank you, Alex and good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Willie McLain, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Jake LaRoe, Manager, Investor Relations. Yesterday after market closed, we posted our fourth quarter and full year 2023 financial results news release and SEC 8-K filing, our slides and the related prepared remarks in the Investor Relations section of our website, www.eastman.com. Before we begin, I'll cover 2 items. First, during this presentation, you will hear forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in our fourth quarter and full year 2023 financial results news release during this call, in the preceding slides and prepared remarks and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-K filed for full year 2022 and the Form 10-K to be filed for full year 2023. Second, earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain noncore and unusual items. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures including the description of the excluded and adjusted items are available in the fourth quarter and full year 2023 financial results news release. I'd like to now turn the call over to Mark for some remarks.
Mark Costa: Before I jump into the Q&A, I do want to take the opportunity to recognize the team that's been working on the methanolysis plant. There's a huge team out there that's been working tremendously since our last call in October to commission and start up this facility and get us to the point where we're introducing feedstock. And that's a real remarkable accomplishment when you look over this time frame. They've worked incredibly hard through the holidays. They've made a lot of personal sacrifice and they've got us to this stage. And it's a real testament to their dedication and belief in the company and the excitement that every owner of this company has around building the circular economy. And it's also a real great example of the power of our Tennessee site. Its scale and integration has really enabled this start-up process to go this quickly and well. Because we have such a huge vast set of resources and capabilities, it literally allowed us to swing a lot of those people from different parts of the plant into this start-up process and make a significant difference. So I just wanted to express my thanks to all of the people who've been involved in this process. It's been a tremendous program and one that they really did make a lot of sacrifice and we deeply appreciate it. With that, we'll open it up to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question for today comes from Josh Spector of UBS.
Josh Spector: I actually wanted to follow up on the methanol facility first -- the methanolysis facility. So you're near getting on-spec product out. But I was wondering if you could talk through kind of the milestones as you go through this year. So when do you get to the point where you say yields are as expected? Do you think you can get to the full operational capacity and the cost structure and therefore, the EBITDA becomes in line with your long-term expectations?
Mark Costa: It's a question one we're very focused on. And we are very excited to be at the stage we're at right now. As we said in our comments, we're at the point where we've been starting up the facility, completed all the commissioning, introducing feedstock and that will start to be processed. And the front end of the plant takes a little bit of time to do that, to get the system properly charged and then it starts going through the plant. So we feel that we're in good shape to be on spec here soon with material recognizing revenue and getting that process going and serving our customers who are very eager to get product from us. And when I say soon, I mean sort of days or weeks in where we sit right now. So we feel like we're on track with starting up the plant and serving customer demand relative to that $75 million. Now as you talk about the plant side of this, you don't go from the plants producing on-spec material the full ramp-up rates overnight. It takes a few months to line out the facility, optimize its operations and make sure that everything is working properly as you scale it up. And so we'll be doing that and ramping up the production. But the way this plant works and the way we can get the recycled content out, we should be able to start getting revenue relatively soon. When it comes to the demand side of things -- and by the way, cost structure will line out over time. Right now, we're still in that pre-production phase. Expenses are a bit higher than when you just are pulling the operating resources back to sort of steady state. So front end of this from a cost point of view is a little loaded as you would expect. The demand side, I'd say, is actually quite good. So what's different than most plants in this situation is we didn't start selling recycled content when the plant starts, we started it over a year ago. We have a technology called glycolysis; it's a bridging technology where we can use our existing assets. You can use sort of clean, clear bottles which is what you have to have with glycolysis to then make recycled content. So long term, it's not a great strategy because it's very high cost to buy those clean bottles and it's not a very efficient process in using your existing assets. But what it did allow us to do is supply recycled content polymer to a number of brands. In fact, the brands that you can see on that slide in the presentation we provided have already been selling our recycled content from that technology into the marketplace. So we're not trying to ramp them up. They're already ready to go in the market and very anxious to get material from us to sort of accelerate volume build into this year. So that really helps us both know that we can get the price premiums we want to support our economics as well as we have a number of customers that are going to sort of buy the moment we have product coming out of the plant. And then there are a bunch of other brands we've been working on that we just didn't have the capacity to serve last year that are also very interested in the product and so we'll be qualifying them and ramping them up. So what you have is a situation where the ramp-up will start to help Q2 relative to Q1 but really sort of make a big difference in the second half relative to the first half of where you see this incremental EBITDA. The last point I would mention is on the cost side, normally, when you build a big specialty plant, you have a huge headwind in operating costs as you start up. And we certainly have operating costs for this plant. But they are really sort of offset by the pre-production expense of last year and the higher cost of this glycolysis process I just mentioned. So the costs are relatively neutral. And so that helps the revenue be -- flow pretty fast to EBITDA through that sort of year-over-year sort of steady cost structure, if you will. So that's the sort of key components of it. We're very focused on just keeping the process going right now. And as I said earlier, it's just a tremendous example of teamwork out there who are doing this through winter weather and freezing conditions, et cetera, to get this plant running.
Josh Spector: And maybe just quickly, so as you go through all that, you made some comments that you wouldn't FID the next plant until this plant is done. I guess, is that just on-spec product? Or is there at some point, production yield or some other metric you're looking at to say we're good; the design is fine, there's -- like we're going to move ahead with that project? Because you seem pretty bullish about getting the customer commitments that second plant soon, so I'm just wondering what's the limiting factor there.
Mark Costa: Yes. There are a couple of limiting factors. One, obviously, is we want to see the Kingsport plant technology up and running. And as you said, we want to see that the yields and efficiency are what we expect them to be, the plants running operationally well. And as I said, that's in the next couple of months that we'll sort of get those insights and knowledge to feel comfortable about the quality of this plant. Because it's important to keep in mind that to minimize capital risk and construction risk, we're going to leverage and build the same plant, right, in France in the second plant. And there's obviously improvements we'll learn through this process. But same scale, same design, so that -- really leveraging all the learning that we've gone through in this plant to do a better job in how we build the second and third plants. So that, I think, is in the time frame of what we're talking about right now from an FID point of view. The customer contracts are obviously the second component of that -- of making that decision and the incentives for the project getting finalized is the third part. We feel good about all those. And we think, again, in the same kind of time frame, in the next several months, we should be in a position to have FID. When construction starts is a little bit different than declaring FID. We're still completing the engineering, we have permitting to do on the environmental side and building permitting that is ongoing as we speak. So we're not talking about starting actual construction until -- soon as probably late summer with the path that we're on right now. And that gives us all of that time to make sure we believe in how the plant is operating before you start turning dirt on the second and third plants.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Mark, some of your customers and peers this earnings season have noted some modest stabilization, improvement in certain markets, underlying demand. Are you seeing any of that in any of your geographies or key markets?
Mark Costa: Certainly, David. What I'd say is we are seeing stable -- I mean stabilization, absolutely. So our guidance is built on thinking that primary demand this year is going to be similar to last year in the sort of discretionary markets. And in the stable markets like personal care, water treatment, consumer packaging, et cetera, we would expect sort of modest growth from last year. Now to be clear, last year's demand -- primary demand was low. We're not predicting an improvement in any meaningful way from those sort of low levels we were at from -- through last year. What I would say is -- and automotive, we actually are -- was growing last year and we think it's going to be more flattish this year. So that's sort of where we are in the primary demand as we sort of showed on the slide that we supplied to you guys. The key driver for pretty significant volume increase for us this year versus last year is really the sort of lack of destocking when you think about the sort of volume mix impact of last year, driving earnings down about $450 million. And what we said in October, I think it's still true. You assume about 1/3 of that is destocking, it's probably a bit more than that but to play it safe, we'll call it 1/3. That's $150 million of a lack of a demand headwind from last year relative to this year. It's like an easy comp. And we can see the evidence of that playing out already in the fourth quarter in some markets and certainly into the first. So for example, the durables business which -- consumer durables business which is the one that was most impacted from a demand drop last year. The second half of last year was 40% higher in volumes than the first half of last year. So you've already seen a lot of the -- into destocking that's occurring there. We're still not where we want to be, of course, from a market demand point of view but it's very clear destocking is over. Same is true in a lot of the stable markets, right? Destocking occurred in personal care, water treatment, things like that in the first half of the year. By the tentative back half of the year, we're already getting to sort of some modest market growth. So for the overall year, demand was relatively flat to '22 in some of those markets. Building construction, I think, is probably still the most challenged. It was tough last year. The expectation is it's going to be tough this year, maybe even slightly down in primary demand. And -- but again, I think most of the destocking in that market has played out. By the end of the fourth quarter, there may be little pieces and parts into the first quarter, so you still get that lack of destocking lift in coatings and interlayers across AFP and AM. So I think that, that sort of on a full year basis, sort of how we look at it. And I would note of that $150 million of lack of destocking, 2/3 of it is in Advanced Materials. And the progression, I would say, through the quarter is looking good. So we had a soft start to January, February is already stronger orders in January and March looks good at this point with what we can see. So that's another point to keep in mind is the first quarter is a pretty slow start, as you can clearly see in our guide. But there's a lot of upside as you move into the second quarter from seasonal build. So we do expect a normal seasonal pattern to demand this year. So even though -- we're not saying primary demand is going to be a lot better. First quarter is always softer. Second, third quarter, stronger fourth quarter obviously comes off in a normal pattern for us. And that is how we've built our forecast around that. So that helps a lot for why things get better in the second quarter. And then there's some timing issues as we've identified in Fibers and fluids where -- particularly low orders in Fluids for especially heat transfer fluids. And then Fibers is a customer buying pattern thing. So those orders get a lot better in second quarter. So there's several things come together along with some better spread improvements that make second quarter a lot better than first quarter, because I'm sure a lot of people have questions on that as you look at our forecast.
David Begleiter: And just briefly on AFP. You mentioned some negative price cost in 2024. Where are you expecting to see the pricing pressure in AFP?
Mark Costa: So first of all, the spread management last year was great in AFP. So we do have a lot of business on price sort of cost pass-through contracts to give us very stable margins. So it was very helpful in '22 as raw materials were shooting upward, our prices kept track. And then as prices came off last year, raw material prices came off, the price contracts follow but there's a lag. So we had an improving spread last year for AFP for the year. And so that was a helpful tailwind to offset some of the volume headwinds we had in that segment. When you look at this year, there's just a bit of that lag problem again. So you've now got prices sort of stabilizing off. And so if you look at spreads this year relative to last year, there's going to be a bit of a headwind just in the way those sort of cost pass-through contracts work. So that's the primary driver of the sort of modest spread compression we expect this year relative to last year on AFP.
Operator: Our next question comes from Frank Mitsch of Fermium Research.
Frank Mitsch: And if I could follow up in general on pricing. As you indicated in terms of the cost through, the pass-through contracts, '22, was a very good year. And as we're ending '23 here, pricing has been taking a bit of a hit. So how are you thinking overall about Eastman's pricing ability in 2024 for the overall enterprise?
Mark Costa: Yes. So first of all, I think it's important to have a little history around pricing because it really is a pretty impressive story. So if you think about 2020 to '22, our company had $2.4 billion of inflation. And so we had sort of CPTs trying to keep up to it but there was still a lag that creates a compression and the prices catching up to the increases. But overall, we did an excellent job of getting prices to catch up to all that inflation by the end of 2022 but it did create a compression headwind in chasing it in the specialties in particular, in 2022. So that's sort of how we entered '23 is at a pretty high elevation with that inflation. The accomplice to '22 was compression and we moved into really doing a phenomenally good job. Our teams were just -- really demonstrated great commercial excellence and the real strength of the value proposition of our specialty products and holding prices outside of the cost pass-through contracts in the Specialties. Not to mention we dramatically improved our pricing in Fibers. So when you think about that $450 million of volume headwind we had in '23 and $50 million of currency, we were able to manage price in '23 in a very difficult economic environment to entirely offset that in improvements in price relative to variable cost. And a lot of it is structural. So about $300 million of that is in Fibers, based on all the descriptions we've given you around where that industry is at as well as a good portion of that is in Advanced Materials in the interlayer business where we had extraordinarily high raw materials in '22 that we were able to -- those raw material prices dropped off or prices held and we got a lot of just recovery back to normal margins in that business. So we feel really good about that and that basically means there's sort of $200 million of spread expansion beyond the sort of Fibers, interlayers that you're managing. So our expectation this year is on the specialties, Fibers is fully contracted. So the prices there are locked. And as we said, business will do a little bit better in earnings versus '23. In the specialties, what I'd say is that we expect some modest price reductions reflecting how the raw material and energy environment is -- has improved. But overall, we would say the spreads in AM and AFP will be similar to last year. So we're not going to get a tailwind out of it. Maybe there's a slight compression across those 2 businesses. But we really believe we'll hold on to our margins with what we see so far, certainly will in the first quarter. And then we expect to have volume and capacity utilization be the key drivers for recovery and earnings which are pretty substantial. The destocking number I just gave you, $100 million of asset utilization tailwind are pretty significant drivers of recovery this year.
Frank Mitsch: Got it. All right. And then perhaps if you could -- I took a look year-over-year, Europe actually declined less than the United States. Is that really -- is that just a function of Europe entered the year in a worse position? Or is there anything that you can talk about in terms of perhaps any sort of green shoots or what have you in that part of the world?
Mark Costa: So part of the reason North America is down as much as it was, it's just all of Chemical Intermediates sits in North America predominantly. So when you look at all the revenue that came off in Chemical Intermediates, it's sort of almost all in this country. When it comes to the rest of the portfolio, I'd say we're more globally diverse and we saw really demand come off and especially sort of across the globe as well as the destocking across the globe. So that was more evenly dispersed. China has got its challenges and so does Europe and the U.S., probably a little bit stronger in the economy than the other two. But from a green shoots point of view, Frank, I wouldn't -- from a -- we have this into destocking which is our primary focus right now. I think it's way too early to call markets recovering in the consumer discretionary world; so cars, building construction, consumer durables, electronics. There may be some improvement there but I don't think I have enough data to sort of make that declaration. But the stable markets are definitely growing. Medical is probably going to grow 4% to 5%. I mean there's still destocking in the first quarter but the underlying market is going to grow 5%. Ag is growing, personal care, water treatment. A lot of the packaging sector as a lot of the consumer brands are now pivoting from price to recovering volume, we'll benefit from that. So that's about half of our revenue where you get that modest growth in these markets that are sort of more stable.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Cunningham of Citigroup.
Patrick Cunningham: And maybe just first on Advanced Materials. Can you help us understand the $450 million guide there and maybe the degree of upside beyond that? I think you get $50 million from Kingsport and you're guiding to $100 million for the first quarter. And just given the extremity of the demand decline, utilization headwinds, destocking of 2023, is there a path to $500 million or more, even in just a modestly positive demand environment from here?
Mark Costa: So first, given sort of the challenges we've had in Advanced Materials with pretty rough demand in the fourth quarter of '22 and the full year '23, we're starting with earning our way in our recovery and getting back above $450 million and then working to make it better than that. But just to give you the sort of key tailwinds that go with it, the biggest driver for Advanced Materials recovery is volume and mix, as I sort of pointed out. The corporate level, the story is pretty much an AM story. So 2/3 of that $150 million of a lack of destocking is sort of in the outlook for this segment. I told you durables has already had significant recovery. Medical has great underlying growth. It just had a lot of destocking from a lot of caution in the supply chain crisis that's still finishing itself out in the first quarter here but we can see that it will be less in the second quarter and then we'll just have the growth in the back half of the year. So you've got markets that have done a lot of destocking or stabilizing in the lack of destocking helping. Then you've got the return to seasonality. So even though the first quarter is still in recovery mode, when you look to the second quarter and beyond, you've got this return to normal seasonality to this segment. So Q2, Q3 is always stronger and we expect that to be there. And that order pattern I was talking about, about January, February, March is very much through in Advanced Materials where you can see that progression getting better. You've also got the ramp-up of the methanolysis plant, as you noted. So that's going to get you that incremental $50 million of EBITDA that you just mentioned that shows up in Advanced Materials. The other $25 million is a benefit for corporate other, just to be clear which is where the pre-production expenses of last year have been sitting. And then, you've got the automotive market that even though it's going to be flat, we have a tremendous track record of growing above that market with our great strength in HUD going into more and more cars, great strength of other premium products, the acoustics, et cetera. And then importantly, even though EV is maybe not growing as fast as everyone hoped, they're still growing much faster than ICE cars. And we get over 3x the amount of square meters in an EV than we do in an ICE car, very high-value products because there's a lot of functionality in those products that we sell to them -- so there's a lot of leverage there that goes beyond just destocking where we're creating our own growth through innovation in circular and automotive that will drive it. And as I said earlier, we expect the sort of price cost relationship to be somewhat neutral to last year. So that won't be a source of a tailwind but we don't expect it to really be a significant headwind either. But all that volume shows up and then with that, you get utilization, right? So you've got $100 million asset utilization headwind for managing inventory last year, that becomes a $50 million tailwind this year with this segment. So that also will be a driver for how you get above $450 million. So if you put all that math together, you can get to $450 million, you could get something greater than that. But I'd like to see proof in how the market is recovering and ramps up into the spring before we start getting beyond that.
William McLain: And Mark, the only thing I would add is, as we think about the year-over-year increase and our depreciation expense, a substantial portion of that will go to the Advanced Materials segment.
Patrick Cunningham: That's very helpful. And maybe just a follow-up on EVs, how much outperformance relative to the market did you see from EV and premium volume mix impact? And given that we've seen some of that headline deceleration in EVs and maybe sort of looming consumer weakness, do you see potential that, that mix improvement, outperformance is decelerating into 2024?
Mark Costa: Well, certainly, I think the rate of year-over-year improvement in '24 to '23 will be less than it was in '23 or '24 for the sort of data you're citing around EV growth rate. But I don't think it's significant, right? There's still a lot of applications we're winning. So there's -- okay, there's a primary demand issue that's slowing down but we're also just starting to penetrate all these EV accounts and win share relative to standard interlayers and ICE cars. So you get this leverage within the market, within the EV segment itself that helps. So I don't want to oversell it. I mean we expect an overall flat production market which I think is sort of consistent with what everyone else is saying but the growth we can get in these premium products is very meaningful in helping us grow above that market.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Mark, could you talk a little bit about plant 2 and plant 3? There were some comments in the prepared remarks, talking about methanolysis obviously, in the prepared remarks about the teams working to sort of make sure they can stay ahead of inflation. And I'm just kind of curious how you're feeling about the CapEx estimates for those plants. We all know it's obviously an inflationary environment. We've seen some cost overruns at non-related large-scale projects that other folks are doing. So how are you going to stay on top of that? Is it something that you can do technically? Or is it going to be something you're going to have to do in terms of how you price the product?
Mark Costa: Yes. So Vincent, you're absolutely right, that's an inflation environment. Certainly, if you go back to Investor Day in December of 2021, the capital estimates we had there for both Kingsport as well as these projects have gone up which is true for every construction project I've seen in the chemical industry and probably everywhere else. So we're all managing and dealing with that inflation. And a lot of what we saw happened in Kingsport went beyond just normal inflation, right? So we had a huge issue with the contractor not having skilled -- properly skilled labor and that productivity issue was the biggest issue we faced. We also had just an endless series of severe weather events along the way. And there was a lot of engineering work we were doing in that project, in outing of how to optimize the design of the project, why we're building it which is never ideal but allowed us probably to get 2 years ahead of the market and getting the product online. So we have a lot of learnings from the methanolysis project here that we're incorporating into France and second, U.S. projects, where we're very clear on how to build them a lot more efficiently than this first one. So what I'd say is, from a CapEx point of view, there is inflation that's occurred. There is some deflation that's now in front of us in materials, even contracts -- contractor. Labor availability is improving, as we sort of are in this sort of more recessionary cycle for the materials industry. They'll help sort of offset or slow down or maybe even decline some of that inflation. We are building the same plant again. As I said earlier, same scale, same design. Obviously, whatever learnings we have in Kingsport, we'll incorporate into it. But we're not trying to build something new, we're just building the same. And you get a lot of capital efficiency when you're building serial number 2 and number serial 3 at the same plant. So there will be benefits in controlling capital, both the cost and the predictability from that. Scopes will be completely locked up before we start building and that will help us control CapEx relative to what I just described in Kingsport. And we're using great firms, Technip, Fluor, for this -- these projects. And they've got access to an excellent set of contractors to do this. So we feel good about controlling the capital cost. They will certainly be a bit higher. And that's why we're also pursuing more incentives in both France and in the U.S. as part of the projects. So I think we feel good about that. What I would say is when we when we came up with the original economics and talked about returns on these projects, we gave ourselves some room for inflation and other challenges we might encounter. So the Kingsport project is still at 15% return on capital despite the capital increases. And these projects are still with the proper customer contracts and incentives, above 12% return on capital. So even with inflation, we feel good about the returns and feel that we're on track to get these 2 projects started this year, assuming we hit our requirements that I mentioned earlier, we've got to still get those 3 things, customers, incentives and finalize the capital number.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Leithead from Barclays.
Michael Leithead: First question, I wanted to circle back on the EPS outlook. I think the last number of years, the first quarter is roughly 25% of what Eastman's full year EPS turns out to be. This year, 1Q is maybe 18% or so, the full year guide. So can you talk through why this year's 1Q is a bit different? Is it mainly the lingering destocking that gets you a bit better into 2Q there?
William McLain: Yes. I think as Mark has outlined, we expect the traditional curve, right? We're growing earnings through Q1. Traditionally, Q2 and Q3 are best quarters. And then there's a seasonal decline in Q4. Also, as we've highlighted and also on a year-over-year basis, we expect the second half is where we'll pick up most of the utilization benefit as well as the benefits from our Kingsport methanolysis facility. So there's a combination of factors of the pace that we're seeing in the order books, traditional seasonality as well as the specific items that impact us in '23 that are turning into tailwinds in '24. Those are the key items. Mark?
Mark Costa: I would just add, there's a couple of unique elements of Q1 beyond just the seasonal pattern where you've got oddly low orders from Fibers customers. No volume risk on the contract. They're just not buying as much in Q1 as they will do in Q2, Q3. And so that's sort of putting some pressure on there that's sort of beyond seasonality. Same is true in just timing of fluid fills, not much going on at all in Q1 but we have more in Q2. So there's a few aspects beyond just sort of normal that's sort of impacting the continued destocking in ag and medical, beyond just the seasonal pattern that mostly will play out in Q1.
Michael Leithead: That's helpful. And then just briefly on methanolysis plants, 2 and 3 again, Mark. If I take some of your commentary about if all goes to plan, hopefully, breaking ground, I think, by later this year, is it fair to say these plants -- obviously, you'll have a little bit of efficiency or a lot of efficiency gains from rebuilding the first plant. But is it fair to say that these plants commercially would be running something like in mid-2026 as a starting point?
Mark Costa: I know -- with the schedule on now, we're more into '27 than '26 for when these projects will start, if you go back to sort of our original estimates. There's certainly efficiency and timing we're pursuing that will allow us to build these plants more efficiently but we're also building a lot more plants in this case, right? Because it's not just a methanolysis point we're building. We're building infrastructure on our greenfield side in France. We've got polymer lines that we're also building all at the same time. So when you put it all together, it just takes a certain amount of time to get it done. But the key is the markets are certainly very eager for the product. They have very significant deadlines in 2030 that they have to hit. So we're certainly well within making sure that we're ramping up and helping them get to their targets. But we want to make sure we've really learned everything we can from Kingsport before we start the construction. And so that's sort of that 6-, 9-month delay that's sort of occurred from what we were originally thinking.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas of JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: I think in the Advanced Materials discussion, there was some noting of weak fourth quarter's amount. And Asian auto production is always very strong in the fourth quarter, especially EV production. So is it the case that your EV exposure in Advanced Materials is more with domestic in European companies rather than with Chinese companies?
Mark Costa: So Jeff, when it comes to the fourth quarter, there was a lot of moving parts for AM as a segment involved in that. So on the auto side, we do have good relationships and positions with some of the Chinese EV makers as well as the Western EV makers. That has nothing to do with sort of the quarter. Auto demand was better. You've got to remember, performance films is a key part of that, not just interlayers, where we're going on both EVs as well as ICE cars and our paint protection film. And so it's only the interlayer part that really applies to your question around sort of the OEM manufacturers from an interlayer point of view. So I think that's not a significant factor. The bigger factors were it's just destocking continued longer than we expected in medical and packaging on the Specialty Plastics side that caused volume mix to be a little bit less than what we were projecting in October. That was the entirety of the difference. I mean overall, the automotive market is sort of moderating a bit, as you can see from the production data in total. That has an impact but we were still growing above that market in Q4 and we'll continue to grow above that market all year this year.
Jeff Zekauskas: I think in the original idea for the methanolysis project, you were going to spend $250 million for the project itself in Kingsport with an additional $175 million for Tritan. And I don't know if you partly built the Tritan plant or the Tritan plant wasn't built at all. But in the non-Titan piece, the original idea was $250 million. What did you spend? And in the future plans, I believe the estimate was $600 million to $800 million. What is the estimate now, in that what you say is that you have a good return on capital? Or you think you can work that out with your customer base? But the customer -- you need to have an expectation of what the capital expenditures are in order to negotiate a level of a good return on capital. So I think originally, all of this was supposed to cost $1.8 billion. What's the number now? Can you help us?
William McLain: Jeff, let's start -- the last update that we gave on the all programs was saying that the 3 methanolysis facilities would be approximately $2.25 billion. Obviously, Mark has also highlighted there was quite a bit of inflation since 2021. And I think that estimate is reflective of that. And every project over this time frame, including ours is at that level. Also, I would say, we've been able to handle the CapEx increases that had been above our estimate from a few years ago within our capital budgets that we've outlined and expenditures over the last couple of years. It was fully incorporated into our '22 and '23 spend. And I referenced earlier that we had roughly $30 million of increased depreciation expense going from 2023 to '24 and a substantial portion of that is related to the Kingsport methanolysis facility. That directionally gives you the magnitude. We're going to be disciplined as we move forward, as we think about both from generating the cash flow to fund these but also on the returns. And we believe that Advance Materials, the return to growth will be accelerated by having this methanolysis facility and our renewed brands with our customers.
Mark Costa: But -- there's no question that the capital numbers -- I'm sorry, just the capital numbers are up. We're also pursuing a lot more incentives to offset some of those capital numbers. So until we get that all finalized, I don't want to just keep updating numbers. So once we have clarity on them and the total economics as well as what we achieved with customers on the pricing premiums, we can get to fund it. We will be able to sort of give you a more clear answer on your questions. I mean the incremental $30 million of depreciation, a good portion, if not all but a good portion of that is Kingsport plants, so you guys can work out what the project costs. I'm sorry, you were saying something, Jeff?
Jeff Zekauskas: Yes. Did you partly build the Tritan facility and the Tritan expansion.
Mark Costa: Sorry, yes. We started the construction of it, the early -- yes, Jeff, we started the early construction part of the Tritan line and then paused it. And we're going to restart that as we align it with our outlook on Tritan demand which is improving a lot this quarter. So we'll see how we judge the Tritan demand in this next quarter or when we need to get that going again to make sure we don't short the market.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Roberts of Mizuho.
John Roberts: Are the sig tow contracts working as expected in 2024? And do you think you get to a point where the decline in sig tow volume is offset by the new products in Fibers so that the overall segment has flat to up volume?
Mark Costa: Great question. I'm a big fan of the cellulosic stream these days, John. We've gone through a rough patch for quite some time. It's great to have the structural market of the tow business back to being where it was very stable and at the profit levels that allow us to reliably supply our customers. And they're very focused on security, supply and reliability. And they placed a lot of value on us in this industry being able to provide that. So our contracts, we're 100% contracted this year for volume and price. And so we feel good about the earnings stability we'll have in that business. This year, as we said, it will be somewhat better than last year. And then we've got 90% of our contracts in place for '25 and close to 70% in '26. So we feel good about how this on a tow business is going to provide stable earnings and cash, a lot of cash out of this business. And then as you just noted on top of that, you now have growth in the Fibers business that's part of that equation that allows us to sort of push our assets and utilization and value. And then Aventa which is something we'll probably talk to you more about in the spring is really on a great path. This is where we figured out how to take our cellulose acetate and foam it, where it's a drop in replacement to polystyrene for protein -- chicken and pork trays in the grocery store that you see all the time or other sort of foam, clamshells, et cetera. And that industry has a serious issue about getting out of polystyrene. We have a great value proposition with a cellulosic material where it's a drop in to their existing equipment and is certified to biodegrade not just in industrial settings but also in home settings which is equivalent to landfill. So you really have a biodegradable solution to throw this stuff away with all the sort of -- and everything else that's with it that can't be recycled. So very big market, a lot of opportunity, good margins and something that we think will be commercial and grow this year and build into something meaningful next year. So we'll tell you a lot more about that once we have the customer announcements to go with it. But when you put all that together, it does turn the cellulosic stream into a growth stream along with the polyester stream, both tied to sustainability and circular economy trends that are presenting a huge amount of volume growth. Like Tritan replacing polycarbonate BPA, we can have much higher growth rate than the underlying markets as we're replacing polystyrene or we're replacing other plastics of the recycled-content-made products that can give us a lot of levered growth. And the one thing you know about Advanced Materials on both sides is there's a lot of fixed cost leverage. So you've seen the sort of pain of that in the fourth quarter of '22 and '23 but it looks exactly the same on the way up. So as you get volume coming back, the fixed cost leverage of these very high-margin products across specialty plastics and now some of it inside cellulosics which also has a lot of fixed cost is very attractive.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Sison of Wells Fargo.
Mike Sison: Nice outlook for '24 so far. Just curious, Mark, your volumes were down mid-single digits in the fourth. It's been quite some time since we've seen volume growth. When do you think AFP and AM will sort of turn the quarter? And what type of volume growth do you think the businesses need to generate to hit the midpoint of your guide?
Mark Costa: Yes, it's a great question. I think that we'll certainly turn the quarter in Q2 and the back half of this year. It's a much closer call in Q1 because of some of these unique things I've talked about overall. These timing on fills and customer buying and Fibers is a bit bumpy. And you still have some destocking going on in ag and medical, those kind of things that are certainly weighed on Q4 and will weigh on Q1 to some degree. But we are seeing volumes improve in sort of the core businesses, are the -- ones, especially the ones that all started destocking earlier, whether it's consumer durables, building construction, et cetera. You can definitely see that destocking is over. We just don't have everything done with that topic. I'll be happy to see it. It is extraordinary when you think about it. We're sort of in the sixth quarter of destocking. 2020 had like 2 quarters and 2009 had like 3 quarters. So we are in unchartered territory on this destocking thing and we all need to own that. But you can definitely see it's coming to an end and we're happy to get our production volumes connected back to markets. And that will give us a nice recovery this year.
Mike Sison: Got it. And then just a quick follow-up on adjusted EBIT margins for AFP and AM, it. Looks like you'll see some improvement in '24 versus '23. But historically, there have been -- both of those have been closer to 20%. Is that sort of where you think margins can get to over time?
William McLain: Mike, this is Willie. As Mark highlighted, as we get the benefits of the fixed cost leverage as well as we get the mix upgrades with our circular solution. We definitely believe both AM and AFP can grow back to those and towards those 20% type margins.
Operator: Our next question comes from Aleksey Yefremov of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Aleksey Yefremov: Are you likely to stagger construction of methanolysis number 2 and number 3? Or do you think you're in a strong enough capital position and confidence in this business to build the two simultaneously?
William McLain: I would highlight, we would expect that we would stagger these, Aleksey. There is not going to be a significant difference but they will definitely be staggered with the France project as Mark said, breaking ground in late summer. And then as we make progress on that, we would look to then shortly after that to start our second U.S. project.
Aleksey Yefremov: And staying on the same topic, do you have any significant number of customers who might be on the fence right now telling you they'd like to see the Kingsport plant start-up and then if that works well, there could be a lot more customers willing to sign up for the other two?
Mark Costa: No, we definitely think so. I mean this industry doesn't have a lot of examples of inventing and having successful environmental technology solutions, whether it's recycled content or carbon efficiency. So customers are cautious about how much they want to sign up and buy until they really have proof that it's going to be available reliably at prices that make sense to them. And so I think we're already in the market, fortunately, confirming our price expectations with the Pepsi contract, with the specialties that we're already selling. So we feel good about that. But I think there is a lot of potential pent-up demand once the plant is up and running and validated, that will certainly help load this plant. Obviously, that's part of our assumption around the $75 million of incremental EBITDA this year and that will help give us upside to it. The downside, of course, is markets are weak. And so there's just a limitation at the rate at which customers are going to launch products in a weak market. And so you have to net those together in trying to come up with the appropriate forecast which we've attempted to do with this $75 million EBITDA guide for the first plant for this year. And then obviously, that will continue to ramp up and be a significant tailwind in '25 relative to '24.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin McCarthy of Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin McCarthy: Mark, if the methanolysis start-up and ramp goes smoothly such that you earn $75 million in EBITDA, as you've indicated, what could that earnings level become in 2025?
William McLain: Kevin, this is Willie. What I would highlight is as we've talked about, roughly $50 million of EBITDA will come in the Advanced Materials segment. That's primarily in the second half. So as I think about where we'll be, effectively we'll be at greater than a $75 million EBITDA run rate within that business. We've got a strong pathway to exiting 2025 as we think about brands and being able to connect them to even more brand launches in '25. That will be at roughly a $150 million run rate as we exit '25. And then ultimately, we expect greater than $150 million of EBITDA from this facility on an annual basis.
Kevin McCarthy: Perfect. I appreciate that. And secondly, if I may, Mark, I want to come back to the Fibers discussion. I think it's interesting that you've got so much under contract through 2026. When we talk about a lot of the output being under contract, can you speak to -- does that just mean the volume is committed? Or can you speak to the degree to which you've got visibility into both pricing and cost? Just trying to get a sense for kind of the confidence intervals around the economics through '26.
Mark Costa: Yes. So the sort of the commitments we have in '25 and '26 with the market is both on price and cost. It covers both. Now there's ranges in the volume side, right, so they have a min and a max on volume. But the pricing formula which in most cases include -- these prices will then adjust based on changes in energy and raw material. So it's sort of cost pass-through, if you will, to some degree. So these margins, if we get a tailwind, we'll share that with the customers. If costs go up, we'll raise our prices formulaically. But that is the nature of most of these contracts, not all but most have some version of pricing it, a lot of it includes the CPT. So no, that's -- but there's always a little bit of potential volume decline in the market that we have to accommodate with them. So that part has room for sort of changes in market demand.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laurence Alexander of Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander: Can you -- on the renewable side, can you discuss how the policy landscape is shifting in terms of the potential incentives you may receive for this second and third plant compared to what you had initially expected or broader policy shifts that might be incentivizing customers?
Mark Costa: Sure. So two different sets of topics there. On the incentives, the European Union and the governments within it have certain prescribed methodologies around how they do incentives and we are working to get the higher end of what's allowed in the European Union. We're in the middle of finalizing that, so I can't talk about it right now. But there are some improvements we expect to get as the inflationary environment has impacted the CapEx cost. So we feel good about where we're at on that. When it comes to the U.S., the Inflation Reduction Act is out there. As I think we discussed in the third quarter call, we do have an application in to them. We have not yet been notified about whether or not we'll get that reward and what the level of the reward will be. We've asked for a substantial amount of capital because it would support some very impressive environmental investments around the plant that allow that plant to be carbon neutral which would be extremely attractive. There are two things customers want right now, 100% recycled content. They don't want anything less, because they want to have a bold claim. And they want to be carbon neutral or as close to that as possible. And so the second and third plants are both capable of being carbon neutral and they are obviously capable of delivering 100% recycled content. So there's a lot of interest and attraction to making sure these kind of plants get built. But it's a political process and I never want to guess politics until I know what the incentives are. We'll just wait and see what they do. When it comes to the policy for the circular economy, the European policy in place that they're finalizing the rules on as we speak, is very attractive for driving demand of the product. So it's a -- it requires circularity in certain percentage targets for like beverages, 25% by next year. And the industry only probably has half of the capacity mechanically to serve that. So there's a lot of demand and market need in that space. And then all packaging needs to be 30% by recycled content. As I mentioned earlier, no one wants 25% or 30%, every customer we're talking to wants 100%. So the demand is probably in excess of the regulatory requirements but there's definitely requirements that will force people to start getting recycle content. It also requires the content to be made from packaging place in the European market. So it allows that to be a regional circular business. So we're still waiting for all of that to be finalized but that's sort of where it's headed at this point as we understand it. The U.S. is a patchwork. So every state is developing a different point of view around circular economy and how they want it to play out. Half the country that is the more conservative states are all passing. They're very sort of favorable circle economy language. The other half, it's a patchwork. But so far, everything we've seen, our technology fits within the definitions of being a solution to the plastic waste crisis.
Laurence Alexander: And then just as we start looking towards 2025 and 2026, to what extent have you pulled forward productivity that would make it more difficult to get sort of incremental productivity gains over the next few years?
Mark Costa: Are you talking about sort of total company or product -- I'm sorry, I just -- I'm not sure I understand the question. Are you talking about just general productivity in the company or...
Laurence Alexander: Yes, the kind of structural productivity gains you've been delivering kind of fairly consistently. I guess my impression is that effort ramps up in the more recent period. And so I'm just curious as to have you pulled things forward? Or should we be thinking about there's another leg of structural productivity getting over the next couple of years? Just what's the next piece of that story?
Mark Costa: Yes. So I think what I'd say happened to us and every company is we had extraordinary inflation in '21 and '22 and we lost productivity through COVID and work at home and everything else that I think every company, including us, is working our way through. So we aggressively went after it last year, where we got $200 million of productivity above inflation to start addressing some of that sort of extraordinary inflation and get our cost structure where it should be. This year, as you saw, we're just getting enough productivity to offset inflation. So $100 million of productivity offsetting total inflation of labor and external spend. And so that's more normal is what I'd say. We have to have productivity every year, where we're offsetting inflation so that we have the ability to invest in growth, deliver earnings growth and cash to the shareholders all at the same time. And so that's sort of where we're at. And so you should expect continued productivity but it's more in the offsetting inflation category going forward than some big additional step-up, right? The leverage for our company right now is volume recovery, especially in the specialties where the value per product is much higher than the company average. So you get volume, you get mix lift, you get fixed cost leverage which is how we've demonstrated a lot of success in our past and certainly, the strategy we're going to be on this year and leveraging into next year with innovation.
Greg Riddle: Let's make the next question the last one, please. Alex?
Operator: Our final question for today comes from Salvator Tiano from Bank of America.
Salvator Tiano: I just want to ask about the M&A landscape. What are you seeing here? And now that it looks like things are finally improving, are you more incentivized to go out and look for specific targets?
William McLain: Yes, Salvator, this is Willie. What I would highlight is, I think we've shown that we're disciplined with our portfolio overall. As we think about priorities for bolt-ons which we're always looking for those bolt-ons, would be within our Additives & Functional Products and Advanced Materials segment. But our key focus that we have right now is continuing to execute on our organic growth program. But to your point, there's probably better deal space coming as there's both a recovery from a business standpoint and the rate environment is changing.
Greg Riddle: All right. Thank you, everybody, for joining us. I hope you have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-27 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2023 Eastman Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman's website www.eastman.com. We will now turn this call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Greg Riddle: Thank you, Jordan. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; William McLain, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Jake LaRoe, Manager, Investor Relations. Yesterday after market closed, we posted our third quarter 2023 financial results news release and SEC 8-K filing. Our slides and the related prepared remarks in the Investors section of our website, which is www.eastman.com. Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to our future expectations are or will be detailed in our third quarter 2023 financial results news release, during this call, in the preceding slides and prepared remarks and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-K filed for full-year 2022 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for third quarter 2023. Second earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain non-core and unusual items. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded and adjusted items are available in the third quarter 2023 financial results news release. As we posted the slides an accompanying prepared remarks on our website last night, we will now go straight into Q&A. Jordan, please let's start with our first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Begleiter of Deutsche Bank. David, the line is yours.
David Begleiter: Thank you, good morning. Mark, thanks for the comments on 2024 in the prepared comments. Can you provide a little more color on the potential you think for 2024 earnings in this macro?
Mark Costa: Sure, David. And a great question. We're obviously spending a lot of time focusing on putting this year behind us and focusing how we recover and deliver a lot of earnings and growth next year. When you think about it in the way we built our forecast or, if you will, a scenario, was to intentionally be somewhat neutral on where markets recover or don't recover or what oil prices or energy prices can do. So we wanted sort of a neutral case to focus first on what are the things that are more in control or math that deliver a better year next year than this year. And the biggest driver, of course, in the decline in earnings this year was volume and mix. And when you look at the extent of that across the portfolio, we're probably down about $450 million in volume and mix from a variable margin point of view, excluding capacity utilization. And then, as we look at how that can recover next year, we sort of think of it in three buckets. The first is, obviously, a lack of destocking. There's a lot of conversation around that. And it was certainly a very significant element to our business. And we generally think destocking was probably about 40% of the decline in volume this year. But let's be conservative and call that sort of one-third comes back next year from destocking. So $150 million there on variable margin. And that's just a lack of destocking. So it doesn't include restocking, it doesn't include any markets getting better. The second element is innovation. We are very excited about our innovation portfolio. It's been the center of our growth story as a company. And the biggest element, of course, will be the Kingsport methanolysis plant coming online, delivering an incremental $75 million in EBITDA to next year relative to this year. And that's all in with costs and revenue and margins considered. So that's pretty considerable. So you've got that on top of the lack of destocking. And then you've got innovation that's happening across our portfolio. It's not just Kingsport and methanolysis. We've had great success with premium interlayers delivering a lot of value with the growth in the automotive market and extreme leverage of 3.5 times the material per car in EVs versus ICE cars. So that's a great business and we'll continue to deliver above market growth. We've got the Aventa products we've been telling you about where we've had great success, [adoptions and straws] (ph) and some brands going national as well as now, making great progress in our polystyrene replacement for protein packaging and food packaging, et cetera. And you're going to see some real nice growth out of that business. The Naia textile business has been great this year and will continue to touch your shields, picking up more business and food cans, and we're starting to move into the beverage side. So there's a lot of growth happening throughout the portfolio through innovation, even in a flat market. And we're going to see more benefit really next year when you're in a more stable market situation and people are focusing on new launches. The third element, of course, is the markets. And as you saw in our guidance, we're being pretty cautious about where the markets might go. I think there's lots of debate around markets could recover, markets could go down. I think it's fair to say none of us really know. But I think it's reasonable to expect that our stable markets will probably stabilize because the end market demand there is sort of not as discretionary. So pharma, personal care, packaging for food, those kind of markets are all going to stabilize. Medical probably have some modest growth when you look at those dynamics. Automotive is expected to grow, and we think that's a reasonable assumption. Building construction we think is flat to down a little bit. So when you put all this together, you've got some additional volume growth out of that on top of those numbers from destocking and Kingsport methanolysis. So considerable value there. The second part is asset utilization. So we've been extremely aggressive in managing our assets and pulling the utilization rates down to free up cash. We saw great success in over $500 million of cash generated in the third quarter by the actions we took. Unfortunately, it comes with a counting headwind. It's not a cash headwind, but you take a $75 million utilization headwind hit in the third quarter alone for that or $75 million really on a full year basis when you think about the tailwind for next year. So you get to add that back if volumes are flat that comes back. Obviously, there's actions we're taking to keep our cost structure flat. So all that revenue growth we're talking about above in the volume side of things flows straight to the bottom line. So the incremental margins on the recovery are going to be quite strong. So all that creates a good situation. Offsetting that could be especially pricing starting to moderate in a few places. We still have a lot of raw material in inventory that is lower and still needs to flow through. We're about 50% FIFO in our company. So you're going to see some benefits of that flowing through into next year that will sort of offset, especially pricing. So we don't really see raw materials as a tailwind, but we also don't really see it as much of a headwind. So all those factors put together, delivers quite a bit of improvement in earnings and earnings from -- our operating in the cash side as well. So we're pretty excited about focusing on all these actions that we can control on this uncertainty and delivering success for our owners.
David Begleiter: Very, very helpful. And just lastly, in the areas where you are still seeing destocking like crop protection, when do you think it will end or how long do you think it will persist? Thank you.
Mark Costa: On the ag market, which is more than crop protection, but a number of different products. Obviously, the destocking didn't start until the second quarter of this year. Very different timing stories like consumer durables or building construction started aggressively in the fourth quarter of last year, but ag didn't start until the second quarter. So the destocking started, it got more aggressive from the second to the third quarter. And it continues into the fourth quarter. We do think it'll be played out by the end of the fourth quarter from what our customers are telling us as they start looking to the next planting season. But normally you'd have a build-in inventory starting in the fourth quarter and through the first quarter for the planning season. This year, we're going to see destocking through the fourth quarter and then a ramp up of building inventory in the first quarter of next year. So that's part of that headwind relative to what is normal for a fourth quarter is that delta between building versus pretty aggressive destocking.
David Begleiter: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Frank Mitsch of Fermium Research. Frank, please go ahead.
Frank Mitsch: Good morning. I did appreciate the video on methanolysis, so thanks for giving us the link there. Mark, Advanced Materials has had a difficult 2023 on the backs of a difficult 2022 where you're now expecting 2023 to come in below $400 million of EBIT. I took a look back, the last time that happened that you were below $400 million of you was back in 2014. So I know it's been a difficult couple of years, what sort of confidence might you have that that business can get to $500 million or better in 2024?
Mark Costa: Yes, so Frank, we feel very good about [indiscernible] what you just said, getting this business to come back considerably from where it is now. The bridge I just laid out at the corporate level is very true at the AM level and all of those elements. So, if you think about this year, just as context before we get to next year, the extremity of the demand decline was more than anything we've ever seen before. So we've seen difficult demand environments in 2009, in 2020, but those were over three quarters in 2009 and two quarters in 2020. We're now in our fifth quarter of low demand and some applications continue destocking. So this is something we've never really seen before. But it is all demand related, and it's a lot of destocking that where people got out of control in building inventory during the supply chain crisis. And some of the markets that we're in have very long supply chains. When you think about consumer durables or making the polymers here, having ship it all the way to China, go through multiple steps to get an appliance or TV or something made and then shipping it back to the US and Europe, you've got six to 10 steps. It's a long supply chain to deplete. When there is such a significant step-down in demand that's as bad as 2009 when you think about consumer durables warehousing for that matter. And so, the good news is, we can see some markets bottoming out and recovering really well. So, durables is down 40% in the fourth quarter of last year, it was even worse in the first quarter, came back 30% in the second quarter relative to the first and another 15% back in the third quarter. Now, it's going to be a little softer in the fourth quarter because of normal seasonality of activity and what customers do. But you can see that -- the bottom of that market was the first quarter. And it's certainly in better shape as the de-stocking has definitely played out we think at the end of the third quarter. We have some other markets where the destocking is also still pretty extensive, like medical and packaging. It didn't start like ag until the second quarter of this year, and it's finishing out through this quarter as we can see it. So there's different timing and different levels of drop across the segment when it comes to specialty plastics, but we are pretty confident that the destocking part will be over by the end of this year. And when you think about that $450 million of variable margin down for volume and mix, about half of that is in the AM segment. So you can start seeing how that on the destocking part comes back. That's just on the destocking part. Then you've got the $75 million of EBITDA coming from the methanolysis to add back to next year on top of this year. Remember, only $50 million of that's going to show up in AM and the other $25 million in other. And then you've got a lot of these stable markets that are going to have some amount of very modest growth in the sort of packaging, medical, all we're going through this year is a decline in demand in medicals. Surgeries are steadying up. It's just a lot of destocking, but it's very high value and painful where you get passed it. So we feel good about that. About $40 million of the $75 million of the asset utilization headwind from inventory management comes back as a tailwind. $35 million of FX as a headwind this year. I don't know where currency will go next year, so that could be up or down, but it's a significant headwind this year when you think about -- looking at the total decline. So you've got the destocking coming off, you've got the markets, you have the utilization tailwind, Kingsport, you've got innovation, you've got the auto market, which we expect to continue to grow, and a lot of the innovation that's happening in there. There's a lot of innovation throughout the portfolio in AM that will create growth once the market stabilizes and customers are confident doing new launches. So we feel great, and the incremental margins will be impressive because we're going to keep the cost structure flat.
Frank Mitsch: Very helpful. If I could follow up on the asset utilization, just a clarification. In the appendix, the updated number on the headwind is $100 million on the lower asset utilization. It says first half versus second half versus the prior $75 million and you're expecting a $75 million benefit in 2024. Shouldn't we be expecting $100 million benefit in 2024 on asset utilization if the headwind for 2023 is higher? I mean, I wouldn't assume, are you assuming that you're going to run at lower asset utilization as we start 2024?
William McLain: Frank, this is Willie. So you've got it correct on the first half, second half. That increased from $75 million to $100 million. And sequentially, as Mark has highlighted, it was a $75 million headwind to Q2. With that momentum, we would expect it to improve quite a bit as we go from Q3 to Q4. But the full year, obviously, you're taking the reference 2022, and that doesn't come into effect as you look 2023 to 2024. So $75 million is a reasonable estimate. It may be a little bit higher, but right now $75 million is close enough.
Mark Costa: [Multiple Speakers] Hi, Frank. Part of it is, we built a little inventory in the first quarter, and so you've got to offset that to the $100 million, because that's the first half, second half. So $75 million implies we're running our assets in a similar manner next year and get that tailwind.
Frank Mitsch: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley. Vincent. Please go ahead.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Mark, your prepared comments talked about the potential for some state or federal incentives for the US methanolysis plant. What's the sort of order of magnitude and what might be available and when will you know?
Mark Costa: So yes, the Inflation Reduction Act is a great program for investing, inspiring sustainable investments and we certainly see several of our projects that we're doing available for credit. When it comes to the second methanolysis plant here in the US, the one that we're doing with Pepsi baseload. That funding could be about $350 million of capital. It is what's in the application. That doesn't mean that's what we're going to get. That's what we're asking for. And so, the good news is, we've been through a couple of rounds now and we continue to be considered for that program. It's a very competitive process. There's also some tax credits that we're pursuing as well. And we should have insight on what they choose to give all of us out of our requests in the first-quarter of next year. It's what we've been told. But you never know, it's a government process. So who knows how the timing will work. But it's significant. It's a considerable help. We're also pursuing additional incentives in Europe with our project there in France, not at that scale, but some additional incentives.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And could you just talk about the sale of the plant assets to INEOS. Is that something that you've been working on for a long-time? Or is it something that just sort of came up this year? And is there anything else like that, that's being contemplated?
Mark Costa: Thanks for the question. And obviously, we've had an ongoing relationship with the INEOS Acetyls. And through their acquisition of the BP assets for 10 years now, so I would say it's just do that ongoing partnership that we've had at the Texas City site. As we think about longer-term in both increasing the percentage of Eastman that specialty, as well as the highest and best use, INEOS is the best owner for that. And also as we think about strategically feedstocks for our Advanced Materials segment long-term. So all-in-all, all those factors came into play and the team did a great job here and we expect to close that here in Q4. And that provides about $400 million of cash and we expect to use that to pay-down debt here in the near-term and for it to be basically immediately accretive. Right now, I would say, there is no other items like this in the pipeline. We're always evaluating the portfolio. But nothing imminent.
Vincent Andrews: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Cunningham of Citi. Patrick, please go ahead.
Patrick Cunningham: Hi, good morning. You told your 2024 CapEx guide is relatively flat with this year and I'm curious what this means for your additional recycling facilities. Do you expect any meaningful CapEx to be deployed towards site construction next year or -- and is there any sort of updated timeline on site selection for the second facility?
William McLain: Yes, I would -- again, 2024 we expect it to be similar to slightly below. Our choices on CapEx will be influenced by the external environment. As Mark has highlighted, we're pretty neutral on the external environment and we can ramp that up or take it down as needed and I think we've demonstrated that discipline overtime. We are committed to beginning construction for the France project, as well as the second US project, as we just discussed. We expect to start construction probably in that middle of the year timeframe. Also we have some other specialty growth investments within the year and we're waiting on the macro environment to ultimately set the pace of those. So I think what you're seeing and hearing from us is, we're going to be disciplined. We're finishing the year strong with the cash flows that we just talked about from the divestiture. Also we expect to have about $250 million of free cash flow here in Q4. So we're positioning ourselves to be just on capital allocation, which will be a mix of organic growth, as well as share repurchases as we look into 2024.
Mark Costa: We feel-good about our organic growth strategy. We think that kind of growth clearly creates a lot of shareholder value with great returns on capital. It's unfortunate the macroenvironment took a turn on us just as we were launching into the circular programs and a lot of that are specialty growth. But as we've talked about with our view 2024 and the expectation that markets will normalize as you go into 2025 and 2026, we believe earnings and our cash will come back significantly as we move forward. You got to remember, this year a lot of our headwind in earnings to 2022 was noncash, $110 million of pension, $75 million of asset utilization to generate cash. So we are just looking at earnings. A lot of it is a non-cash hit relative to 2022. So we feel very good about our cash earnings and how we're doing in this environment, as well as how we look forward to the future.
William McLain: And maybe just to build on that, Mark, on the cash. As we think about 2024 cash. As Mark highlighted, our baseline is starting at approximately $1.4 billion of operating cash flow. That's through the combination of higher cash earnings, combat roughly $250 million. We always assume working capital is flat. So that would be a reduction of about $100 million year-over-year. And then, we've got higher cash taxes, which also includes some of the taxes on the Texas City divestiture.
Patrick Cunningham: Got it. That's very helpful. And then I appreciate that the sort of forward outlook doesn't have any restocking expectations embedded, but based on your conversations with customers coming out of restocking, do any end markets have precariously thin inventories or do you get the sense that this has just been a trimming of safety stocks built over the last couple of years?
Mark Costa: No, it's definitely both. There's definitely safety stocks that were built up in supply chain crisis more than customers were sharing with us. And so, hence the sort of destocking we're seeing this year. But we're seeing signs where suddenly we get an order from a customer, some of our big customers where they've brought inventory down so low, they can't actually make product and they need an urgent shipment sent to them. So you're starting to see people hitting bottom, which is encouraging. If you look at all the data we put together here around destocking and the underlying markets, you definitely can see that we're turning in the back half of this year where the destocking has played out. As you look at next year, when you get into this question of restocking, we wanted to build a really conservative view of how it could perform next year because the macro economy, frankly, is so uncertain. So we don't have any restocking in there, but it's reasonable to expect that some restocking is going to have to happen with some of these customers if the markets start to stabilize and grow at all. And so that will happen. That would be upside to sort of how we look at next year. It's certainly going to happen in ag as I think about it. That's one place we know for sure that a rebuild in inventory will occur.
Operator: [Multiple Speakers] Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas of JP Morgan. Jeff, please go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. How much did the methanolisus plant in Kingsport cost?
William McLain: So Jeff, on the methanolisus in Kingsport, I think as we've highlighted earlier this year, we had a range of $700 million to $800 million as we started the year. And we went to the higher end of that estimate. We've been able to manage the increase for the Kingsport methanalysis within that disciplined budget that we've been able to demonstrate through the year. That's how I would summarize that.
Mark Costa: We don't disclose specific project capital for competitive reasons.
William McLain: The additional thing that I would continue to highlight, Jeff, is, as we think about $450 million of EBITDA, also the fact that we're going to be generating $75 million of EDITDA on the first plant here from a year-over-year basis in 2024, I think that demonstrates that velocity of EDITDA and we think that that's $150 million by the end of 2024. That sets us up well for strong returns on this investment.
Jeff Zekauskas: So my memory is that you had planned to expand your Triton capacity in Kingsport with the building of the methanolysis plant, but chose not to do that. In your Normandy [Multiple Speakers]
Mark Costa: I know, we didn't choose to -- I'm sorry, go ahead. Go finish your question, I thought you were done. Sorry, go ahead, go ahead, Jeff.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thank you very much. Yep, in the Normandy plant, I thought that there was also a Triton component there as well. Since you didn't build the Triton -- the extra Triton capacity in the United States, are you still going to build the Triton capacity in Normandy, in that, I would think that Triton would be more favorably made in the United States. That is -- are you going to scale back whatever it is that you thought you were going to build in Normandy, given the way that economic conditions have evolved?
Mark Costa: So, yes, let me clarify a couple of points there, Jeff. First, with the Kingsport methanolysis plan and the Triton expansion that we intend to do here at Kingsport, we're still doing it, right? We've just pushed the construction timeline of that plan out to better align with the macro economy. So our intention here is to still have 85,000 tons of capacity being brought online of additional Triton capability. It's just going to come online more in 2025 than in 2024, because the durable market where a lot of that Triton is sold is obviously down. So there's no change in our strategy whatsoever. It's just an adjustment of timing and that's part of what Willie was getting at in sort of how we adjusted our spend rate on capital this year to make room for the higher cost of finishing methanolysis by pushing that capital on the Triton project out into the next year. And so, that's what we've done here. So no changes at all in how we think about the value creation from the first investment. It's just a shift a little bit in timing in the short term. The good news around our assets in Tennessee is, they're flexible, right? We can swing our Triton lines between Triton and making copolyester. We can make PET. We can assign that recycle content to whatever products we want across our integrated system. So that allows us to monetize the value of the recycled content as quickly as we can make it as we ramp up the facility. So that's not going to be hindered by the macroeconomic environment and durables, because there's plenty of packaging out there that we can make both in our co-polyester applications like our shrink or in some PET. So we'll be monetizing the full value of all the DMT as fast as we can make it and driving that utilization rate up as fast as we possibly can. And then, as higher value markets like Triton come back, we'll shift the mix in how we assign the recycled content to the higher value markets. So we've got great flexibility that's created a huge amount of value and makes upgrade over the last decade as we grew Triton on the same assets that once made PET over a decade ago. And we can take advantage of that now. In regards to the French plant, we're not changing anything there either. So the design of that plant is to have two polymer lines, both of which are flexible between making PET or textiles or what we said is specialties, but that's actually co-polyesters, not Triton. To your point, Triton is much more economically made here in the US with the integrated systems and monomers that we have to make that very unique polymer. So this will be just more PETG products that go into packaging, cosmetics, bottles and things like that and a variety of other applications that we make with our traditional PET cheese. So nothing's changed in our assets strategy whatsoever from a product mix point of view. Kingsport's all specialties, France is half PET, half specialty, and the second US plant here is all PET or textiles.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Salvator Tiano of Bank of America. Salvatore, Please go ahead.
Salvator Tiano: Yes, thank you very much. Firstly, I want to ask a little bit about your plasticizer's footprint. How much would you say of your total sales or earnings was coming from the Texas City facility that you're selling? And can you discuss a little bit what are the economics of the agreement where [emails] (ph) will actually operate the asset but technically you're still the owner of it?
Mark Costa: Yes, so we retained the ownership of the Texas City plasticizers. That was the original strategic intent of buying the Texas City's facility along with, I'll call it, the infrastructure that the site had. So first, we're retaining the ownership and the sales. Second, I would say the economics around that are substantially the same as it operated today within chemical intermediates. So the only thing that you're going to see is reduced sales of acetyls out of the Texas City site within chemical intermediates. The remaining plasticizer business is and remains intact.
Salvator Tiano: Okay, perfect. And I also want to ask about pulp prices. I think there has been some traction with increases in the past one or two months max. What are you seeing there and could this be a headwind in the end for 2024?
Mark Costa: No, we're not expecting any headwinds from pulp. Part of what we did in our tow contracts is, improve our pricing, obviously, to get our margins back to being able to reliably supply our customers, because this is an extremely valuable product for them and reliability is a priority for them. But we also change the contracts. It used to be fixed price contracts, and we had to ride the benefit or the headwind associated with pulp prices or energy. We've now adjusted those contracts to be more like our [indiscernible] business where they're more cost pass through and adjust for changes in energy or pulp. So that's not a concern as we go forward. It's not perfect, but it's a significant improvement from where we were in the past.
Salvator Tiano: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Leithead of Barclays. Mike, please go ahead.
Michael Leithead: Great, thank you. Good morning, guys. First, Mark, I wanted to follow-up on fibers. In January, when we started the year, when you had the annual prices sort of locked in, you expected to make about $275 million this year in EBIT. Now we're looking north of $410 million. So can you maybe just talk about what's changed versus starting the year with largely costs? And just help us with your confidence in the sustainability of this higher level here?
William McLain: So, what I would highlight is the fact that, one, we're confident in the base of where we've gotten to at this point in time. So we're at greater than $410 million for this year. The business team has done a tremendous job of getting the contract structure in place. That's what Mark just highlighted. From our confidence of both the margins within this business, also as we think about Fibers more broadly with the textiles and the textiles growth as we go from 2023 to 2024. I guess I would just highlight that right now, we're substantially complete with the contracts for 2024 and have a high commitment level as we highlighted in the preparedness remarks for 2025. Going back to the first part of your question, ultimately part of that was growing in confidence. We do have lower energy cost than we had expected at the beginning of the year. And as we gained momentum and seeing how the contracts and the contract structures were working, we just reconfirmed that as we grew the earnings and grew the confidence by year end. [Multiple Speakers] so we're happy with where it's headed and will be a strong contributor to cash as we go forward.
Mark Costa: The cost structure and utilization benefits and we were being conservative about how well some of the investments we were making and running the plant efficiently. We're going to play out until we had that proven out. And so all that came together. So it's not just price, we've made investments and are operating our facilities a lot better. And that we didn't want to sort of count on until we've proven it to ourselves.
Michael Leithead: Great, that's super helpful. And then second, I just wanted to follow-up on the trajectory of CapEx. Obviously, you've given us some numbers about CapEx going somewhat lower next year. But when I just think about your large growth projects, you've got about two more methanologist projects on the horizon. You mentioned earlier to Jeff about the new timing on Triton. So just high level, should we expect CapEx to roughly stay around this $800 million range the next few years? Should it trend higher or lower overall?
William McLain: What you would expect is, again, that we expect around $800 million or less in 2024. To your point, obviously, we're in the detailed engineering phases right now. And then France would be probably first out of the gate on long lead and then construction, closely followed by the second U.S. So we would expect 2025 we would be building CapEx, And it's just going to depend on the timeline. So what I would say ,is it will be above $800 million and we'll give you more firm answers on how we see 2025 when we actually get the project schedule set.
Michael Leithead: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Spector of UBS. Josh, please go ahead.
James Cannon: Hey guys, this is James Cannon on for Josh. Thanks for taking my question. In AFP, you called out in your guidance some [ROS] (ph) increasing in the fourth quarter. I believe you transfer some propylene from the CI segment. I'm assuming that might be a big part of it, but is there anything else we should be thinking about in that bucket?
Mark Costa: Yes, so we buy methanol, we buy ammonia, we buy -- and we do have propylene-derived specialty products and coatings. So all those products are obviously are impacted by oil and overall market dynamics and creating some headwinds as those are increasing, especially from the oil change. It flows through and there's just a lag in how the contract prices catch up to it. And so, you'll have a headwind in the fourth quarter and that sequentially will then turn to a tailwind in the first quarter from the fourth quarter when those pricing adjustments catch up.
James Cannon: All right, great. Thanks. And then just on the specialty fluids that you called out some pull forward, can you give a little bit more color on what you saw there and kind of how much you expect to get pulled out of Q4?
Mark Costa: Yeah, so original guidance was we had some great fills on some LNG plants in the second quarter. We had originally expected that to be a bit more in the third, at the beginning of the year. So that -- those fills were made. And so when you looked at the sequential drop from Q2 to Q3 we thought it would be about $30 million. But we had some additional fills show up in the third quarter, so that drop turned out to only be about $20 million. But the fluids sales for the year are changing, so that just means now that there's an additional $10 million drop of that $30 million that will happen from Q3 to Q4. So that's part of why AFP is declining sequentially into the fourth quarter. But overall, great business, and we really like these LNG fills. There's obviously a lot of construction -- traditional chemical construction activity uncertainty, especially with [TNT] (ph) plants in China where a lot of these fills go. And it's been great to diversify our exposure to that cycle with these LNG plants that also use a lot of heat transfer fluids. And I think as we look at that set of the markets, we see a lot of LNG facilities being built with the Ukraine-Russia situation and are very well positioned with our products for those fills, which also turn out to be pretty high value products for what they need to do. And we continue to really diversify our exposure into these places that are not as connected to what's going on in China, which is great.
James Cannon: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin McCarthy of Vertical Research Partners. Kevin, the line is yours.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, good morning. Mark, I didn't see anything in the prepared remarks that you released on the subject of the UAW strike. Can you speak to whether or not that's having any material impact? And if so, what you might be baking into the fourth quarter, or any auto-related commentary in general would be welcomed.
Mark Costa: Sure, so specifically UAW, the math on that is, it's a pretty limited impact on us. About 20% of our auto and other business globally is in the United States. So our just overall exposure is not that high. And then you're just talking about three brands of many that are in the US that are being impacted by the UAW. So it's not a material impact. I would say that overall the auto business obviously has been a solid business for us. We've seen a lot of growth in the business in the US and Europe in particular for the interlayer business as well as the films business. I would note that China has been a challenge all year long, so we haven't seen the growth we expected. We definitely thought we'd see some improved growth in the back half of the year, and that's one of the things that didn't play out as we thought from July to now in how we've adjusted our outlook down a bit. And that's particularly impacting our performance films business, which is an important business in China and we're not seeing sort of the growth that we expected there and even some contraction right now at the sales level in some parts of that Chinese business. So, overall, I'd say it's been a great business, we expect it to be better next year than this year, but it's -- there's a lot of ups and downs going on across the different markets.
Kevin McCarthy: Thank you for that. And then secondly, if I may, perhaps for Willie. I think earlier this year you had guided to a cost headwind related to pension and OPEB of $110 million, if my notes are correct. Is that still the case? And more importantly, what happens to that line item moving forward into 2024? Does it come back down or would you point to a different trajectory?
William McLain: Yes, so ultimately that number is set for the year at the beginning of the year so the $110 million is just coming through quarterly as we expected. That gets market to market at the end of the year. So there will be, I call it, a gain loss from asset returns as well as interest rates. And right now as we look at where rates are, assets and returns, it's probably a modest headwind if you were to market to market right now, but again we'll give you an update. We don't expect anything material that will update you at year end.
Kevin McCarthy: And any insight on 2024, Willie?
William McLain: From a pension standpoint, we expect it to be a modest headwind if we look at it right now. That will change a lot depending on how rates finish up for the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laurence Alexander of Jefferies. Laurence, please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. This is [Dan Rizwan] (ph) on for Lawrence. Thank you for taking my question. I don't know if I missed this or not, but so for the second plant in the US and the plant that you're building in France, do we think of those as when they are up and running to be $150 million in EBITDA additions as well? Or is it greater scale or less than that? Or how should we think about it long term?
William McLain: We've never given a plant by plant. We said greater than $450 million. And as Mark highlighted earlier in some of our conversations, the first plant is more specialty with our Triton portfolio, so you can expect it to be higher than the other two.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks. And then if we think about you saying medical demand, there being some destocking, but getting back to more, I guess, normalization. I was just wondering if that end market is at pre-COVID levels in terms of elective surgeries and the actual overall demand versus some of the inventory adjustments we're seeing right now.
Mark Costa: Yes, the elective surgeries that are occurring are certainly growing roughly 5% a year and definitely above pre-COVID levels if you look at it. Not a lot, but a little bit. The issue we're having in medical is not about demand at all. Consumer durables, laptops, TVs, appliances are not being sold nearly as much as they were. Medical is really stable in market. The customers though were very nervous during the supply chain crisis about having enough material. And so they built a lot of inventory to be safe, because you cannot have a problem in getting medical devices delivered in our packaging to the marketplace for obvious reasons. So, they finally got calm that there's plenty of supply and reliability and started destocking in the second quarter of this year and they're still doing it through this quarter, but it's just a destocking event. The markets are solid and expected to be better next year than this year.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Sison of Wells Fargo. Mike, please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Richard on for Mike. So just a question on the 2024 outlook. Are you assuming any price improvements next year? We've seen prices come down in the third quarter and second quarter despite higher raw material pressures. So just wondering if there's any price mix improvement that we should expect, new product launches, that type of thing.
Mark Costa: Well, so from a price on an existing product sold this year versus next year on the specialties, we're not really expecting much price increases except for where we have cost passthrough contracts and the prices will adjust up or down based on where raw materials are going. Now obviously for an increasing raw material environment we will increase prices across the specialties. But in our scenario that we gave you, where raw materials are relatively flat next year to this year. I would not expect to increase prices in the specialties. I do expect prices probably to go up in chemical intermediates, because right now we're at the bottom of the market, right? We're at the cash -- in the olefin derivatives, we're at the cash cost of the marginal producer in these markets. It's a very challenging market situation right now in olefins. And so, there is an expectation of some normalization of those prices getting better. I mean, the value of the price of propylene relative to oil is about 40% lower than normal. That's extreme and never ever seen before in the past. So that's a lot of the compression that we're facing due to just excess amount of capacity being added, as well as very low demand in a number of applications that use propylene. So there's some balancing of that that'll occur even with just the end of destocking and some stable markets growing. So that's one place where I would expect some prices to improve and margins to improve sort of how we look at it at this stage. I would say the teams have done a phenomenally good job of holding prices at very high levels in this very challenging market that's created a lot of improvement in our price to variable cost ratio, offsetting some of the volume challenges.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. And as a follow-up, any update in terms of the market for pricing for the product from your Kingsport plant and circular products? How is that progressing moving forward as you move to develop the other large projects?
Mark Costa: Yeah, so pricing is holding up really well. We're having no issues with the premiums that we need to get for the recycled content related products on the specialty side and having good conversations with our customers on the PET side for the premiums that we need to get -- that go in line with the economics that we've provided to you. So we feel really, really good about that. It's an exciting time right now with the methanolysis plant coming -- being completed and starting up. We have a phenomenal number of people working hard and making sure that startup process goes well. Back to Frank's comment, the video is a great marketing tool with customers. It's an outstanding story when you see these huge piles of garbage, multi-colored garbage, all kinds of types of garbage that we're taking and running through our process and coming out with a clear pellet. Customers are very surprised and impressed by the low quality material that we're using that is headed to -- cannot be reused with mechanical recyclers at all. This is going to go to landfill or incineration or really low end applications. And they're just very impressed that we can take that garbage and turn it into a clear food grade quality pellet. And so the customer engagements around that story of getting things truly out of landfill and incineration, not just using a clear bottle that could have been mechanically recycled, is driving a lot of engagement. The other thing that's important to keep in mind is, a lot of the applications we're targeting with this recycle content, both -- especially in the PET, are applications where mechanical recycling is not really able to meet the specifications in performance because the quality is just not good enough. Our product is identical to virgin material made from fossil fuels. Mechanical is not. It's got integrity issues, color issues. So, we are really targeting those applications where mechanical is not a choice. That allows us to command a better premium than mechanical and support our economics.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Aleksey Yefremov of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Aleksey, please go ahead.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thanks. Good morning. And staying with methanolysis. So there have been many projects in the industry where capital cost estimates have been revised higher over the last year or two. And I believe you presented your return on capital objections for the two additional methanolysis plans a couple of years ago. So is it reasonable to assume CapEx probably needs to go up versus your initial expectations? And if so, how are you mitigating return on capital now?
Mark Costa: Yes, so it's an important question and one we're very focused on. The capital headwinds that we encountered in the project here in Kingsport were really isolated to construction quality and productivity issues around pipe installation. And that was a very specific issue. It had nothing to do about the design of the plant or the scope of the plant in what we're trying to do when we got into these issues here in the last six months. And the way we're approaching the next two projects, we're taking a very different approach, using very large contractors that are very capable of controlling those costs in a much better way than what happened here. So we feel we're in a far better shape. Also, we're not trying to build a new plant, right? So this is a new first time 100,000 ton plant that we're building. The plants that we're going to build in France and the second one in the US are basically the same plant we built here with some sort of modest improvements. So, we're not going into this without already knowing what the capital cost is for the methanol system unit. And the polymer lines are built all the time, well established to understand what those capital costs are going to be. Infrastructure is also pretty straightforward that surround the plant. So we feel good that we can come up with a high quality estimate for the next two projects and we can manage the construction process far better than what happened in Kingsport. And so, we're still working those numbers. They're still in line with what we expected to deliver a 12% return or greater for the France and the second US plant. Remember, the first plant here is greater than 15%, even with the higher capital costs. So we feel good about sort of where we are on the capital side of this. And of course, we're pursuing these additional incentives for both projects as I discussed earlier and obviously if we get those, that's going to help manage capital risk, as well as improved returns.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thanks, Mark. And you've pre-processed a fair amount of materials for the Kingsport plan. Any lessons so far versus your initial expectations in terms of how this front-end technology works and what the costs are?
Mark Costa: So far the processing has gone well. I mean, there's always hiccups. It's a proprietary new process that we developed that takes a lot of steps out of the sortation compared to a mechanical recycler. So we're excited about taking that approach. Chemical recycling allows you to do that because you're not needing perfect, clear material to sell back to the market, as the big pile suggests in the video. But the process is up and running and working well at this stage. And we feel good about how that's going to work. Our overall cost when we think about sourcing material and processing it into the front of the plant is a little bit better than we expected. So we're feeling really good on the feedstock side here. Feel great about having 70% of the feedstock already in long-term contracts in France as well. So I know feedstock was a big question in the beginning of this whole process as a risk. We've actually managed that one reasonably well. Customers are going well. Now the final step is starting up the technology, improving its economics and its effectiveness as sort of the final big milestone in front of us here over the next two months. So we're really excited to sort of chuck all those boxes, keep going forward with this plan, use it to help improve earnings next year in a difficult environment, and get these next two projects underway and create a lot of value for our owners.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thanks. Makes sense.
Unidentified Company Representative: Let's make the next question the last one, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question -- our final question comes from Duffy Fischer of Goldman Sachs. Duffy, the line is yours.
Duffy Fischer: Yes, good morning guys. If we could, let's stay on methanolysis. If we assume we're kind of at the run rate of our $450 million EBITDA from the three plants, how volatile would that $450 million be over a typical, let's say, seven-year cycle? And then talk about the volatility you may see on the pricing side and the volatility you may see on the feedstock side over that seven-year cycle?
Mark Costa: That is a great question, Duffy, and one that's been a big focus for us. As we told you from the beginning, the approach we're taking with this plant is to be more of an industrial gas type project in how we deliver very stable margins and attractive margins when you look at the economics for these projects. So on the PET side, we're doing contracts that pass through the changes in feedstock and energy costs, delivering stable margins for us. We have no intention of getting back into the merchant PET market going forward. And if we don't get those contracts, as we've said, we won't build the plants, but we're getting the contracts and we're feeling good about it. So those margins will be stable in the PET side. On the specialty side, we have demonstrated great pricing power around our specialty products and managing the price to variable cost ratio really well and keeping those ratios stable. From a demand point of view, what I'd say is, the PET market, the packaging market is a lot more stable than some of the other more discretionary markets. So, we think that will actually add stability from these projects as well as to the company portfolio. The other thing I'd note is, it's a regional business, right? So when you're taking packaging waste out of the environment, the brands and even more so the regulators want to solve the local packaging waste issue in Europe or the US. So they want that waste taken back into polymer and then provided back into the packaging and create a closed loop in food grade where fossil fuel based PWT is no longer used. So this disconnects us from China. We're not trying to solve China's waste problem in the US or Europe. We're trying to solve the European and US waste problems. And so, it becomes more of a regional business. The brands will have to be really careful about making sure they're focused on solving the local impact to protect their brand equity, the regulators are writing policy, especially in Europe, it's already written that the polymer has to be made from packaging placed on the European market. So, that regional aspect of this business has been a core reason we've been interested and excited about making these investments. So it's not perfect. You still have macroeconomic demand uncertainty, but it's going to be very stable EBITDA.
Duffy Fischer: Great. And then just one technical question about your acetic acid sale. Did you sell the technology for acetic to them as well or if you chose to you could build a plant or you could do something like that [SIPCHEM] (ph) licensing deal that you did before where you actually kept the technology.
William McLain: Duffy, the sale of the Texas City facility is -- that is not part of what the strategic focus for Eastman. As Mark has highlighted, we're about anhydride and anhydride derivatives and cellulosics. So the key thing here is, this is great for INEOS Acetyls business and for Eastman as we go forward with our focus on circular in a circular economy.
Mark Costa: It has no effect on our rights to use our technology or license our technology.
Duffy Fischer: Great. Thank you guys.
Mark Costa: Thank you, Duffy.
Unidentified Company Representative: Okay, everyone. Thanks very much for joining us today. We appreciate that and hope that you have a great rest of your day and a great weekend.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Second Quarter 2023 Eastman Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman website, www.eastman.com. I'll now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Greg Riddle: Thank you, Elliot, and good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; and William McLain, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Jake LaRoe, Manager, Investor Relations. Yesterday after market closed, we posted our second quarter 2023 financial results news release and SEC 8-K filing, our slides and the related prepared remarks in the Investors section of our website, www.aspen.com. Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in our second quarter 2023 financial results news release, during this call, in the preceding slides, and prepared remarks and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-K filed for full year 2022 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for second quarter 2023. Second, earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain non-core and unusual items. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded and adjusted items, are available in the second quarter 2023 financial results news release. As we posted the slides and accompanying prepared remarks on our website last night, we will now go straight into Q&A. Elliot, please, let's start with our first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Josh Spector with UBS. Your line is open.
Josh Spector: Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question. I guess, first, I was just wondering if you could talk about the cadence of earnings here in the second half. Obviously, you're talking about a number of inventory adjustments impacting 3Q. If you could talk towards what you're thinking more of the steady state looks like, whether it's 4Q or maybe beyond that, and what that implies for longer-term earnings CAGR here? Thanks.
Mark Costa: Good morning Josh and thanks for the question. So, there's a lot embedded in that question about the back half of the year and how that indicates where we go into next year. So, first of all, I'd start with -- we obviously, in April, thought demand was going to be better in the back half of the year, which was principally an assumption based on destocking really being complete by the end of the second quarter. Obviously, we and everyone else in the sector has come to a different point of view that, while demand at the primary level, I don't think is changing that much. It's not getting worse in our perspective, and I haven't heard anyone else suggest that. We are expecting that there's a lot more destocking that continues to go on in some end markets, which has really been the impact to our outlook in the back half of the year. So, some areas, whether it's this year or next year, for example, automotive, we have solid growth in this quarter. We expect that to continue to be solid through the back half of the year. And there's so much pent-up demand. And when you think about 2024, I would expect it to continue to be a next year relative to this year. So that market, aviation, same story in very good shape. You have a lot of sort of stable end markets where demand has been off in that sort of 3%, 4%, 5% range. When you look at all the fast-moving consumer goods companies out there fully recognizing that they're holding price and being very disciplined to expand their margins that way with the raw material tailwinds, and accepting that they probably wouldn't gain much volume if they reduce price. So, disciplined, like we're maintaining, frankly, in our specialties. But in addition to that, they're managing cash too. So, we saw an additional sort of 8% to 12% destocking on top of that demand in the fourth quarter, first quarter. But fortunately, as we go into the second quarter, lessening on that destocking and expect much less destocking in those kind of stable markets like packaging, personal care, water treatment. So, that feels like it's moving in the right direction as we go to the second half and of course, that would continue also into 2024. When you look at the consumer discretionary markets -- actually, I would take two other stable markets just to deal with them. So, there's a couple that also took some sort of extreme negatives in additional destocking in Q2, which was packaging and medical in the Advanced Materials segment. And that's -- they were carrying a bunch of safety stock from last year. Demand wasn't improving as they expected. And so they really started destocking in the second quarter, but they also seem to have addressed their issues predominantly in the second quarter. So, that's also expected to get a bit better as we go into the back half of the year, as that destocking reduces through the third quarter and certainly seems to have run its course in by the fourth. So, again, improvement relative to next year, especially when you think about all these markets had a certain amount of destocking that won't repeat in 2024, that's a tailwind. So, the two bigger markets that drive a huge amount of value for us on a profitability point of view, like automotive that had the most demand impact is sort of in the consumer discretionary area as well, like durables and building construction. When you look at the durable market, that's the one that's gone through the most extensive destocking of any market. And it really goes all the way back to last May of last year when the retailer sort of got 2x the amount of inventory they needed because they were buying everything they could think of to -- because of supply chain prices, and then they started destocking over 14 months ago. That bullet finally hit us in the fourth quarter of last year, really knocked us down about 40%, when the underlying market was only down 10% to 15%. So, a lot of destocking. Got even worse, 10% worse into the first quarter. And then fortunately, we saw that destocking start to abate in the second quarter. Got 22% better in the second quarter versus the first quarter. So, we saw momentum there. You just don't see it in the results because of the medical and packaging destocking that occurred. So that destocking will continue to lessen as we go into the back half of the year and be another tailwind as you go into it. And then, of course, Building & Construction, I'd say, is one that's been doing some destocking this year. Demand is down. And we expect that to be sort of flat to the first half, because that market still has more action taken. There's also maybe some more help with first home builds. So, there's a spectrum of things going on when you look at it, but it's -- each of them sort of add up to less destocking. But it's not as much as we had hoped for in April, and that's really the predominance of how our volume forecast came down, which is the entirety of our earnings reduction when you combine that with the need to take inventory actions for this lower demand outlook to make sure we hit the $1.4 billion of cash. So, all those then feed into a year next year that's going to look better, right? When you don't have all this destocking going on, which we're assuming for 2024, you have some normal seasonality coming back into the demand outlook for next year that's going to help improve things. And you've got the recovery of all this volume almost, and sort of down markets are our highest value markets, right? So it's been a huge mix hit to us this year. And as we've shown in past recessions, when the mix comes back and if there's a little bit of restocking, the high value of these markets drops to the bottom line pretty significantly, especially with the costs we've taken out of our fixed cost structure. So it all comes together, which is building momentum in the second half to having a much better year in 2024.
Josh Spector: Okay. Thanks. If I could just ask it very quickly then. So, your volumes were down 15% in the first half. What's your baked-in assumption on the second half, all those things put together?
Mark Costa: You're saying what is our specific volume forecast that we've got as a combined company for the second half relative to the first half? Is that what your question is?
Josh Spector: Yes, are you assuming down 15% for the majority? Down 10%? Down 5%? I'm just trying to get a kind of quantum of what you're considering.
Mark Costa: So, as we look at, I think it's -- altogether, the volumes in the back half of the year are going to be a bit less than the first half of the year, but I don't think we're going to provide a quantitative number to it. it's basically just a little bit down when you put it all together. The real headwinds in the back half of the year is the -- from a sequential point of view, first half, second half, the entirety of our earnings decline is the inventory management, right? So, that $75 million sort of additional headwind sort of aligns with sort of where our earnings outlook has now moved. So, volumes are relatively stable when you put all the ups and downs, right? So, some down in AFP, some up in stability in AM, stability in Fibers and CI, sort of a flat volume number from a sequential point of view.
William McLain: But Josh, I would also say the mix should be more favorable, as Mark has outlined, with our durables markets recovering in the back half.
Greg Riddle: And if I just add one more point, which is third quarter year-over-year, the volume mix decline would be less than what you've seen in the first half, but still meaningful. When you get to the fourth quarter, again, on a year-over-year basis, the comp is a little bit different. And so you get to a point where that decline in volume mix is even less still than it was in the first half of the year.
Josh Spector: Okay, understood. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open
Vincent Andrews: Thank you and good morning. In Advanced Materials and in AFP, when you talk to your customers about what's going on volumetrically, what are they indicating in terms of the desire on a go-forward basis where they want to have inventories and where things might get back to? And I guess what I'm trying to understand is whether what's going on right now is just sort of a structural reset in terms of how they're going to manage their own business versus something that maybe is just temporary that snaps back. It's just -- it's been going on for a long time. So, it's starting to feel like -- and whether it's interest rates or whatever else has happened, it's just starting to feel like the entire supply chain is doing a reset. So, I'm just curious what your customers are telling you in regards to their sort of medium to long-term intentions in terms of holding inventory?
Mark Costa: That's a great question, Vincent. And I mean I'll try and keep it simple, since my last answer was rather long. But it's very different by end market on what's going on, on the stability of underlying demand and then what they're trying to do in destocking, right? So, a lot of these stable markets. it's more fine-tuning, right? They -- everyone built safety stocks last year through 2021 and 2022, and they're trying to generate cash and adjust those inventory levels to different perspectives on end markets. So, if you're in the personal care world, medical world, these markets are stable at the end. They may be down a little bit, but they're very stable. So, destocking is clearly the entirety of what's going on there. In many of those sort of end markets. When you get to some of these other markets, where the supply chain is incredibly long, like durables, we're making things that go to China, that get made to products and come back to Europe or the US. Really understand just how much inventory is out there through that entire chain is difficult for everyone in these markets. And exactly where end market demand is on these more discretionary markets, I think, is a little bit more difficult to judge. But what I'd say we've seen is a couple of cycles, right? So there's a lot of destocking in the fourth quarter. Demand was really low in January. Got a bit better through March. And then there was a realization that the banking crisis, people got nervous about what's going on in the broader economy. And so they went into a really low level of demand in April, which was probably the low point for the year. And then started to do a little bit less destocking -- or a lot less destocking in durables through the second quarter. So, as we get into the back half of this year, I think what happened with customers in the June time frame is everyone assuming the back half was going to be a bit better in our downstream customers across most markets, especially maybe the more sensitive ones. That things would stabilize, destocking after 14 months, to your point, who would have played its course more -- back in June after 12 months. And they realized they all have that built in their plans, they sort of said that's not going to happen. Demand is going to be flat, which is all of our collective assumption now and everyone is in destocking mode to that assumption relative to things getting better. But it's not because the markets are getting worse, Vincent, it's just they'd assumed things would get a little bit better. They're not and they're sort of correcting for that. And it's important that it's a lack of expected growth as opposed to, I think, things are getting worse. I don't see anyone saying things are getting worse at the -- in the primary demand level. Does that make sense?
Vincent Andrews: Yes. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Frank Mitsch with Fermium Research. Your line is open.
Frank Mitsch: Hey, good morning. With much of the discussion regarding inventory management and so forth, I'm just curious, obviously, the Q hasn't come out yet, so we don't know where the second quarter inventory levels are. But can you give us an idea where they are relative to the 1.94 that was in the first quarter? And what are your expectations as to when you go through these actions, how much further down will you be drawing your own inventory?
William McLain: Good morning. Frank, it's Willie. Yes, so as we think about inventory levels, I'll call it from Q1 to Q2, inventories are about flat. So as we think about the level of the supply chains and the demands that Mark has just outlined, we have about $300 million that we would expect inventory to decline in the back half of the year. That's also essential to getting us to generating roughly $100 million from working capital on a full year basis. And I'm confident that our business teams and supply chain that we have a plan in place that we've already activated to execute and deliver that cash flow.
Frank Mitsch: Terrific. Thank you. And Mark, I was wondering if you could talk to the raw material benefits that you're seeing in your specialty businesses, any way you can provide some order of magnitude in terms of what sort of benefits are you seeing and what your outlook is there? Thank you.
Mark Costa: Yes. So, I think in Advanced Materials, we're certainly seeing some pretty meaningful raw material benefits, Frank. If you remember last year, we had a tremendous spike upward in VAM and PVOH prices that created a pretty significant headwind for the Interlace part of that business. Those prices have now collapsed and dropped in price pretty significantly versus last year, and that's seen translated into a tailwind for us to recover our margins there. PX has not been as much of a tailwind. Those prices have been holding up relative to last year. There's been a bunch of outages in that industry. New plants having trouble starting up. Alternative fuel value, all those typical explanations with PX. So, not as much of a tailwind there, but we're still well over $100 million of spread tailwind in that segment for the year. And I think that is obviously helping with some of the demand challenges and building us into a very good margin position as we go into next year when mix comes back and how that flows through -- how that -- those margins will flow through to the bottom line in our fixed cost leverage. In AFP, again, we've got good raw material tailwinds in that business as well. But the spread improvement is not as significant because we really have a lot of cost pass-through contracts, especially in the means business. So, we had very stable margins last year. That means they're also going to be stable this year by the nature of those contracts. But those spreads are also coming in relatively good when you think about ammonia, methanol and some of the olefin-related propane, ethane type products going into the specialty. So, overall, spreads are better there as well as -- on a full year basis, helping this year and will, of course, build momentum as volume comes back with better margin as we go into next year.
Frank Mitsch: Got you. Thanks so much.
Operator: We now turn to Aleksey Yefremov with KeyCorp. Your line is open.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thanks and good morning everyone. You discussed lower conversions of MoUs to definitive agreements in France. Can you just elaborate on that? Is it just in France or is it related to your second plant in the US as well? And is this really related to demand uncertainty or price volatility in the plastics markets? What's happening there?
Mark Costa: I just want to -- you broke up a little bit, Aleksey, I just want to make sure I understood the question. You're asking what's happening with the pace of contracting in France given the current market conditions? Was that the question?
Aleksey Yefremov: Yes, it was. Apologies. You're talking about MoU conversions to definitive agreements. Could you just elaborate on what's going on there?
Mark Costa: Yes, sure. So, first of all, the commitment and desire to get recycled content and products remains very strong. So, when you look at the specialty businesses we're in right now from our Kingsport plant, the demand commitment, which is global, not just in North America but across the world for products and durables, cosmetics, packaging, for recycled content, remains very strong. We've got 70% of our potential output, where customers are very committed, as you saw in the prepared remarks. When it comes to these PET or textile contracts that are the long-term sort of take-or-pay kind of structures for those markets, like the Pepsi contract. We are having great engagement and good discussions with a number of companies about those contracts. Like Pepsi, it takes a long time to negotiate these. They're very complicated contracts. And the current market conditions, I would say, are sort of slowing those discussions down a little bit. So, if you're looking at the PET market, whether it's VPET or RPET, those market prices have come off in a pretty significant way, which is purely just the story of everything else in the current macro, right? Demand is off and beverages -- people are downscaling to sort of cheaper water bottles that have less material. A lot of that RPET also goes into carpet and textiles where demand is down 20%. So, that's just a temporary thing. The key thing to keep in mind in these contracts is we are targeting applications within these brands where mechanical recycling doesn't really work. So, if they want recycled content in those applications, they're going to have to use chemical recycling because the performance requirements in a variety of different technical aspects, the mechanical is just not going to actually work. And I'm not going to get into details of that because I think that's a competitive advantage for us given our deep polyester expertise relative to other companies out there, but that's definitely a key part of how we're going to win. The second part is the degradation of polymer is already becoming clear in some markets, that you can't mechanically get to 100% recycled content. So while regulatory requirements may be only 25% in 2025, a lot of brands have set targets for some key applications to be 100% recycled content. And to maintain quality, they're not going to be able to do that with mechanical. So, we feel very confident that these contracts will get resolved, and we're going to get them in place. The engagement is high. And the regulatory requirements, especially in Europe, are going to require people to have recycled content. And when you look at the market situation there, right now only about 12.5% of PET is sort of recycled. Mechanical industry does not have the ability to double that capacity between now and 2025 when that number needs to be 25% recycled content or you can't put the packages on the shelf. So, we feel like we're in a good position, and working really productively with our customers and we're aiming to have those contracts done by the end of the year.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thanks Mark.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Sison with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Mike Sison: Hey good morning guys. I was thinking about Advanced Materials a little bit. It feels like this year, obviously, maybe hopefully, trough adjusted EBIT. Not the sustainable date you had a couple of years ago, you had pointed to adjusted EBIT for the segment maybe closer to $700 million. Do you still think that that's the longer-term upside? And how do you bridge sort of the gap between the two to sort of get there from these levels?
Mark Costa: Sure, Mike. And yes, we still think that's the destination for this business. Obviously, it's been a pretty volatile time over the last few years, from the pandemic to supply chain crisis to a recession. And as I said a bit earlier, the extremity of what's happened in this switch from a COVID life to an experiences live and the impact of inflation, interest costs, and how people can afford to spend on goods when they're just trying to afford everyday life and maximize their experiences at very high prices when it comes to hotels and everything else, has created a short-term constraint in how people can afford goods. And consumer durables, as an example, is one of the places that is most discretionary especially after they bought a lot during COVID. So demands are way below anything normal in consumer durables, and then you've got this huge amount of destocking on top of it on a very high-value mix product. So, as that market stabilizes, you'll see some recovery coming in the back half of the year, especially if you back out the inventory utilization headwinds. And we'll build good momentum into next year from an underlying market point of view. And then you add on top of that recycled content, allowing us to add additional incremental value and substantial new volume from those applications. As we said, just getting started, it's a $75 million adder to next year in EPS for the Advanced Materials segment. So that obviously is going to be significantly helpful. The fixed cost leverage in this business, as we've demonstrated in the last 10 years, is significant, right? This world is always growing double digits for us, and the underlying markets are typically growing 3% because we win so many applications because of better value proposition just because of product performance and product safety. And now you're adding on recycled content to further accelerate that curve. The problem is, in a market like this, there's not a lot of new product launches, right? But we're continuing to win new business. Even now that's going to help volume in the back half of the year on top of just waiting for destocking, we've won a lot of applications. But they'll really ramp up next year when things stabilize and they start launching new products. So, all that sort of brings in better value from that side. And then, of course, the last couple of years, the inflation has been really high. We've been trying to keep up with it. But now we're finally recovering our margins in this space. So, you've got better margins on top of this volume recovery to sort of lever you to better earnings. So as you go through 2024, 2025, driving towards that $700 million is very much what we expect to do.
Mike Sison: Got it. And just a quick follow-up for just kind of overall volume growth in 2024, which I know is long way from here. But when you look at your customers' inventory, do you think they will need to restock? And if that's the case, when do you think a restocking event would occur? And if not, is it possible you just sort of plug along low single-digit or some volume growth in 2024 to 2025, 2026, and maybe they don't need to replenish?
Mark Costa: Well, first of all, I think what happened from April to now, the whole industry, from us all the way down to retailers, have gone to group think that it's going to be bad for the rest of the year, right? And everyone is acting under that assumption and pulling inventory down, managing in that context. But there's a limit to how much destocking can occur. At some point, warehouses go empty, right? And in some of these markets, especially like durables, it's been emptied out for a long time, where automotive, there's a huge amount of pent-up demand because we're talking about demand being better this year, but it's from a really bad level last year. right? So, there's still plenty of pent-up demand there and there's going to be plenty of pent-up demand and building construction with the dynamics of what's going on this year, constraining both demand and production of homes. There's a lot of upside across the whole corporation, when you think about it, from both a demand point of view. And you got these destocking levels that are huge, right? So, destocking is two or three times more than the underlying demand. And if that goes away, that's all volume recovery at some point, even if the underlying market demand doesn't improve. And then to your question around inventory, I think it's -- with the actions that we're taking and everyone else is taking, you can see people driving inventories at very low levels. It's more likely than not that they're going to go below what they -- in an improving demand environment. And so there will be some amount of restocking. Now, our back half, just to be clear, has no restocking assumed in the guide that we gave you. So, that happens. That's upside. But if you look at 2024 and say destocking has got to run its course eventually, so that you don't have that as a headwind for next year, and then some -- just a little bit of restocking just to get to levels to serve that demand, I think you can get a much better picture of volume next year than this year.
Mike Sison: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
David Begleiter: Thank you, good morning. Mark, thanks for the update on Kingsport. On the project, do you have any forecast for estimated losses this year as you ramp up? And do you have an updated cost of the Kingsport project? Thank you.
William McLain: Thanks David. First, I'd just highlight that the operating costs are going to be approximately neutral on a year-over-year basis. If you think about the preproduction that we're incurring this year, as well as the start-up expenses, and also as we're using our bridge technology with glycolysis to seed the market, that's at a higher cost to bridge. So, on a year-over-year basis, the way I think about this is revenue growth is actually accretive to EBITDA. And as we outlined within our guidance on the $75 million of EBITDA on a year-over-year basis, roughly $50 million of that will be in Advanced Materials, and the absence of the preproduction and start-up costs in our corporate other. So, as I see it, that's roughly where we're getting the $75 million. Also, if I think about our CapEx this year, we started the year at roughly $700 million to $800 million for the project. We took that up to $800 million. You can think about the combination of that and how we're managing our overall CapEx as the increases in of the project this year for the Kingsport project.
David Begleiter: I apologize. I meant to ask what was the updated capital cost for the project itself and that total company CapEx?
Greg Riddle: Yes, I don't think at this time we're giving the capital cost for the Kingsport project. So, we're not going to provide that at this time, David.
David Begleiter: Understood. And just, Mark, just on fibers and tow, do the contracts for next year have price increases embedded in them?
Mark Costa: They don't have price increases embedded in them for next year versus this year, David, if that's your question. Obviously, prices have gone up considerably from last year. But the idea of these contracts is to prove our margins and profitability to a level where we can continue to reinvest in this business to be a reliable supplier to our customers. And we've achieved that type of pricing with our customers in these contracts. We've also put formulas in them to adjust for changes in energy cost to give stability for us and for our customers, which we have not had in the past. So, we feel great about what we've achieved in improving our sort of ability to support our customers and our current profitability. And these contracts are now in place, where about 75% is fully contracted now through next 2024. Many of those are multiyear contracts. Hopefully, by the end of the year, we'll have that number up to 90%. So great improvement in this business from its performance last year, and we're very focused on stabilizing it on the tow side to provide very attractive cash flow to support our growth investments across the company. I would also note the textile business continues to do great on top of that. Where, even in a 20% down market that we have this year in textiles, we're growing that business. So, we're winning a lot of market share versus other materials because the value proposition of Naia is very compelling. It's a great beginning of life story being based on biocontent and recycled plastic. And importantly, and a bigger issue going forward now is microplastics, which are the fibers breaking up and getting into the ocean. And our fibers are fully certified to biodegrade when they do end up in the environment. And so that's a very significant positive, as the world is becoming more concerned about that as well. So, it's just a great business.
David Begleiter: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Roberts with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Roberts: Thank you. On the second US PET project, are you going more slowly on that?
Mark Costa: We're nothing more slowly in any significant way, John. I mean right now, what we're doing is really focusing. We haven't made a site announcement, so you could ask that question, too. Because we're really looking at the incentives across several states. We've got three the sites that are all very attractive, and the engineering work is continuing for whichever site we pick. And so we're just trying to get those incentives in place. We feel great about our partnership with Pepsi as a significant baseload customer in that project, and we are sort of moving forward with that project to make sure we can serve the needs and put that together with the French project in Kingsport to get that $450 million value for our owners, which is a great return on the capital required across those three projects.
John Roberts: And then on the fibers business, assuming raw materials are sequentially stable, is all of the earnings step down in the third quarter? Just remind us of the frequency of the reset on the price versus cost?
Mark Costa: The contracts are quarterly. So, a little bit of a step-down from Q2 to Q3 is just the prices adjusting for a lower energy environment.
John Roberts: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes. Good morning. Mark, with regard to Advanced Materials, do you have a sense today as to whether your third quarter earnings are likely to be flat, up or down sequentially versus the $99 million that you posted in the second quarter? The reason I ask is reading the prepared remarks last night, it looks like you have a $40 million inventory-related hit in the third quarter, but you also say the second half should be better than the first half. So, it seems like there's some countervailing trends there. So, any comments on the seasonal cadence would be helpful.
William McLain: So, Kevin, I think we highlighted earlier that most of the $40 million headwind on the utilization rate will be in Q3. So, as a result, I would expect it to be similar and slightly down sequentially in Advanced Materials.
Kevin McCarthy: Slightly down versus 2Q, Willie?
William McLain: Correct.
Mark Costa: Yes, of course, there the lack of that sequentially from Q3 to Q4, where that improving volume and spread will pop back up. So, you can't think of normal seasonality around the back half of the year really for either AM or AFP, because most of the inventory reduction actions are happening in Q3 more -- much more so than Q4. But the volume momentum and margin improvement is continuing through 3Q and into 4Q, not just because of our inventory actions but because our customers are doing the same thing, right? They're also taking inventory down more in Q3 and oddly less in Q4, when you think about it, in the sort of odd year we're living in right now?
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, it is odd, isn't it? That's very helpful. Secondly, I wanted to ask about A&FP. I think you referenced a heat transfer fluid project that cost $15 million to be pulled into the second quarter. Can you just elaborate on what you're doing there and how that is translating to a meaningful earnings swing?
Mark Costa: Yes, sure. So, the fluids business is a bit sort of chunky in how volume shows up, right? Because you have these very large projects. And at some point, they complete the project. And at the end of the completion, they need to charge that plant with heat transfer fluid to then start up the plant. And in this case, this was an extremely large LNG project that had been under construction for several years, and their completion actually happened a little bit sooner than they expected and moved forward with wanting to charge that system and so we shipped that volume. We thought it was going to be in the third quarter turned out to be in the second quarter. But this overall business is a great business. And something I'd say that we've really accomplished a lot in this business is diversifying our market exposure to different end markets. So, historically, it's been very driven by the polyester industry and a few other sort of chemical facilities that use a lot of heat transfer fluid. But we've seen a huge growth in LNG, as you know well, with the geopolitical dynamics going on right now with Ukraine in Europe, and there's a lot of heat transfer fluid in those plants, too. So, we're diversifying out of China into other applications, like this project that creates a lot of value for this business. And they're very high-value projects. So, when they do show up, they drop a lot of earnings to the bottom-line. And so it just happened to be in Q2, which then means as you go from Q2 to Q3, you get a $30 million swing in earnings.
Kevin McCarthy: Okay, perfect. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew DeYoe with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Matthew DeYoe: Morning everyone. Talking a little bit about Naia in textiles. What's the opportunity for EBIT if we think about next year in growth? I mean I'm just thinking, given the margin recovery in cigarette filter tow, does it even make sense to rotate tonnage from filters to fibers? And is Naia still growing into your excess capacity? Or are you now transitioning filter capacity to textiles?
Mark Costa: So, first of all, Naia is a great business. The margins are very good. Obviously, recent improvements until margins are better. But the reality is, while we're really excited about the improvement in the tow business, it is a stable business that's still going to decline in volume about 1% a year. It's not a growth business. So, we continue to be very focused on serving our customers. These heat-not-burn products are certainly growing at 15% even more filter tow, but that's just offsetting some underlying natural decline of cigarettes to get you to that sort of net 1% decline. So, we're not conflicted, capacity-wise, between this and growing our Naia business. But we are getting to the point where we are going to start using up the available capacity, and we're looking at capacity expansion options to continue to support the growth, right? Because our goal here with cellulosics is not to optimize the stream because they turned it into a grow stream, right? Our goal here is to win in a variety of applications. So, like polyester being a very high growth stream for environmental reasons and providing sustainable products, our strategy, as we laid out Innovation Day, is to get $200 million of EBITDA growth the stream on top of the tow business, right? So, when we talked to you in 2021, we weren't including improvements in tow, right? Tow is a new base, and we're still aiming to grow $200 million EBITDA on top of that new base. That's a very significant change from where we were in 2021. We've got growth in Naia, which we're really excited about, as I explained the value proposition a moment ago. We have great growth prospects and some early wins in Aventa, this is our foam cellulosic that can replace polystyrene and packaging. Clearly, polystyrene is being banned in many places for packaging whether it's food packaging in sort of protein trays for meat or the clamshells, et cetera. And we validated that our Aventa product will biodegrade both in not just industrial, but in residential composting, which is sort of the equivalent of landfill. So it really is a true end-of-life solution. So customers are super interested in that, huge market. Lots of volume growth opportunity there. Then you got micro beads, which is a super high-value opportunity in cosmetics. We've got success in recycled content in the ophthalmics business, with how we're recycling the eyewear back into the product. So, there's a lot of growth going on across the cellulosic stream. And so we're going to be looking at incremental capacity expansion to support all these growth opportunities as we move forward. Fortunately, we have a very large and solid asset base. So it's not like building methanolysis plants. We can really leverage the capability we have here, but there'll still be capacity we're adding for Naia and all these other products between flake and fiber. 
Greg Riddle: Matt, are you good?
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Cunningham with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Patrick Cunningham: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I know you have no expectations for any sort of restocking embedded in the full year guide. But which end markets do you think are potentially best set up for restocking, whether it be in 4Q or into 2024? And how should we think about this in the context of upside to earnings from the specialty businesses?
Mark Costa: Well, I think that it doesn't matter what end market we're in right now, there's a lot of destocking going on as everyone focuses on generating cash. And so I think there's probably opportunities for restocking pretty much across the markets. Building construction might be the one exception, where I think there's a lot of destocking still to be done from what we've seen from our customers in that space. But everywhere else, I think there's some degree. And then it just gets into proportions, right? So where the destocking numbers are bigger, like consumer durables, then the potential for restocking is higher. In more stable markets like personal care and water treatment and medical, I think the restocking opportunity is still there, but muted because they're just not doing as much. As far as earnings opportunity for next year relative to this year, we're not going to sort of get into that yet, it's a little early.
Patrick Cunningham: Yes. That makes sense. And what's driving strength in acetic anhydride, and I think you referenced overall resilience in acetyls? I would have expected some weakness given declining spreads in some of your end market commentary?
Mark Costa: Well, for acetic anhydride, it goes more into food, pharma, feed type applications that -- where the demand is actually really stable. So it's not acetic acid goes into polyester where demand is down a lot in textiles. VAM goes into coatings and a bunch of other more economically sensitive applications. When you think about different acetyl derivatives, acetic anhydride just has much more stable in markets. And large customers that place a lot of value on security of supply of that product for those kind of applications, so they tend to be more focused on supply than just what's the best price. So that just allows that business to be relatively stable. I mean we're still -- we have some price pressure there, but it's not nearly as much as some of these other sort of derivatives or in olefins, which is the bigger part of our portfolio where the price pressure and spread compression is occurring in CI is really more of an olefin and plasticizer story.
Patrick Cunningham: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We now turn to Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Laurence Alexander: I guess just two quick ones. As you think about the dynamics around inventories and fixed cost absorption, should incremental margins next year be above 60%? Or do you think some of the inventory reduction efforts you're doing now will spill over into Q1?
William McLain: Laurence, this is Willie. To your point, I think we've demonstrated through various environments, one, that we can deliver strong cash flow, and that's what we're focused on doing now. As we think about the fixed cost utilization, I don't expect any spillovers into 2024. The actions that we're taking will be complete this year. Also on the incrementals, I think you've seen the decrementals that we're talking about. The incrementals will be equally positive. And I would add on to that, to your point, to get to the levels that you're talking about, that includes the mix upgrade and the high-value products as we think about our Advanced Materials and the more specialty nature there.
Laurence Alexander: And secondly, kind of now that your peers are facing kind of more pressure on -- from the credit cycle, you always seem to have a sweet spot in M&A around finding people who are underinvesting in the engineering. Has your M&A pipeline changed? Or can you characterize kind of how actively you're looking at opportunities?
William McLain: Yes. We're more focused on the bolt-on pipeline. We did a great bolt-on earlier this year in our Performance Films business. We're right now focused on our organic growth strategy with our investment in the three circular platforms. We are looking -- our pipeline is mostly focused in smaller bolt-ons in Advanced Materials and Additives & Functional Products. And we're going to be disciplined with that strategy and stay focused on executing and in executing it well.
Mark Costa: Yes. The restate acquisition we did of a manufacturing site in China is a great example. Performance Films business has been performing incredibly well in this auto market last year, in this auto market this year. It's a very high-margin business. And that acquisition allows us to be domestically based on how we support customers in China, which is definitely where the China government wants to go is things made in China. And those are great tuck-in acquisitions. Very highly accretive. Those are the kind of things we're focused on right now, because our real priority is growing our dividend and creating this sort of organic-driven growth story around being a leader in the circular economy, both polyester and cellulosic.
Laurence Alexander: And then just lastly, can you characterize or give a little bit more detail on what you think is going on with the agriculture chain inventories. I guess the timing and the severity of the adjustments to -- a lot of the industry a little bit flat-footed. So, just curious about what you're hearing in terms of when people think it will end, because I think you have a comment in the remarks about it accelerating into Christmas?
Mark Costa: Yes. So, I wouldn't say it's accelerating the Christmas necessarily. So -- but what happened, I think, is pretty well discussed out there. Two things really. Last year, with all the Ukraine events around ammonia and other uncertainties around supply chain, farmers around the world were stocking up on safety stock. And their warehouses, the retailers were stocking up on safety stock. Their distributors are stocking on safety stock. All the way back to the big players that make the products like us and Syngenta, Corteva, et cetera. And so demand was really good. That was true through the first quarter. And as this chain started looking at season that wasn't going to quite need quite as much product because of the dry weather and not meeting it as much, and feeling like supply chains were now safe to rely on, sort of in the middle of Q2 kicked in significant destocking downstream of us. So, we started to feel some of that destocking from our direct customers in the second quarter. And it ramped up to full destocking as we go into the third quarter and, to some degree, in the fourth quarter. There's a lot of debate going on, I'd say, about just when does that destocking end and when they have to start ramping up on production to meet the growing season next year. It's important to realize that the final in-demand for the farmers is good this year and expect it to be good next year. So this really is a whole inventory management cycle we're in. And at some point, they'll have to kick back into gear to make sure they have enough supply for next year, whether that's in the fourth quarter or the first -- the beginning of the first quarter. It has to happen sometime around then or they won't have enough inventory for the next growing season.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Arun Viswanathan: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess I just wanted to go to AM and AFP. There are some markets which you are seeing -- which we're seeing some strength in, notably maybe the aerospace side and maybe the food side. Is that what you're seeing as well? And some of those stronger markets, you'd expect that to persist through the second half? How would you comment on some of your stronger markets? Thanks.
Mark Costa: So, when it comes to aviation, our view is the market was -- has really improved through the first half of the year and will stay strong in the back half of the year. I wouldn't say it's not still going to grow relative to the first half of the year, but it will -- because it's been pretty strong, but it will stay that way. The airlines are obviously very confident about their demand going forward. And we'll track with wherever their demand goes. Right now, that's their viewpoint and we're using their view to build our forecast.
Arun Viswanathan: And then just as a quick follow-up. Some other markets are notably on the weaker side. You addressed some of the destocking that's going on in amines in the ag side. What are some of the other areas that maybe turned out worse than you expected? And you've addressed a couple on the call already, but if you were to reiterate some of the weaker areas, what would those be? Thanks.
Mark Costa: From a Q2 point of view, the end market-wise, I'd say -- from an end market growth point of view, I don't think much has changed in our view across all of our end markets. We haven't seen different end markets get worse or better. Auto is strong. Obviously, discretionary markets are under pressure. The personal care, water treatment, those kind of markets, are off 3% to 5% as all those downstream customers of ours that you can see in the fast-moving goods and everything else reporting that they're focusing on pricing discipline, and as a result, having a little bit less volume. I don't think anything that's changed really. It's been more of -- it's all about inventory management. It's the entire story for some of the negative surprises like medical packaging and ag in the second quarter, and destocking dragging out into the back half of the year, right? I just think that the extremity of COVID and then the following stimulus and the supply chain crisis has just led to a lot more inventory being built throughout the world than I think any of us really understood. And it's taking, obviously, a lot longer to pull it down, especially when demand is soft to some degree in every market.
Greg Riddle: Okay. I believe that was our last question. So thanks very much for your interest in Eastman and for joining us this morning. I hope everybody has a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the First Quarter 2023 Eastman Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman website, www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Greg Riddle: Thanks, Brenda, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Willie McLain, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Jake LaRoe, Manager, Investor Relations. Yesterday, after market closed, we posted our first quarter 2023 financial results news release and SEC 8-K filing. Our slides and the related prepared remarks in the Investors section of our website, eastman.com. Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in our first quarter 2023 financial results news release. During this call, in the preceding slides and prepared remarks and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-K filed for full year 2022 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for first quarter of 2023. Second, earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain noncore and unusual items. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded and adjusted items, are available in the first quarter 2023 financial results news release. As we posted the slides and accompanying prepared remarks on our website last night, we'll go straight into questions. Brenda, please let's start with our first question.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of David Begleiter of Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Mark, just on fibers, I saw you increased the full year guidance, what is the high in that? And how sustainable is this new high level of earnings in fibers?
Mark Costa: What we're really excited about it. It's just fantastic to see this kind of improvement in the fibers business, which we do think is structural and stable going beyond this year into the future. The key drivers for the improvement were obviously a pretty significant increase in price associated with making sure we're providing enough earnings and cash flow from this business to invest in it and be a secure supplier. So we've got improvements on price/cost relationship. We've got improvements in our operational performance, which has turned out to be better than expected because we've also raised our guide from $275 million to $350 million that price cost being better, our operational cost improvements in this business being better and the textile business, really showing a lot of growth right now. Even though the overall market is pretty depressed, the sustainable value propositions we have are really driving a lot of growth for us relative to the underlying markets. It's just another example of how our innovation model creates a lot of growth even in tough markets. When it comes to the stability question, there are some factors that I discussed in January, and I'll just hit them again quickly. The market structure in the tow business, has fundamentally changed from what we've been facing over the last decade. Part of it is the demand didn't decline nearly as much as we feared over the last 10 years, really declined only about 1% a year decline versus 2% to 3%. And we've had the heat not burn segment really growing quite strongly. That also still uses filter tows, in fact more filter toes than a traditional cigarette growing over 15% a year, creating stability in that market. So the market is only down about 10% when you look at the last decade, and now China is even showing some modest growth in sort of the 1% range, which is about half of the cigarette global market. So that's been really helpful. In addition, our growth in textiles allowed us to focus and fill up our assets and repurpose assets towards textiles in a way to sort of see value not just on focusing on the PI market. On the supply side, we've also seen pretty significant reduction in supply on two fronts. First, about 15% of capacity has been shut down by a number of players in the industry, including us repurposing some of our capacity towards the textile business. And we've probably lost effective capacity in the 10% to 15% range as we've gone to making much more specialty items, the slim tows filters as well as two free, the heat and burn are all more complicated and run slower on the assets. So we've lost a lot of effective capacity. So you're at least a net 15% reduction in capacity, putting us in the 90% to 100% range on utilization. So the markets are tight, and that's resulted in customers being very focused again, on security of supply, the cost of a tow filter is a small percent of the price of the cigarette. So you don't want to be missing out and supplying the market for such a small cost item. And we're working very closely to make sure we've got contracts in place, which we do for this year and by the summer, probably the best between the contracts will be completed for the next 2 years beyond this one. And that sort of puts these kind of improvements in place. So we feel really good about where we're at, and this is a great source of earnings and cash flow to invest in the growth of the overall portfolio.
David Begleiter: And just on metanalysis, given the delay you highlighted today in the project in Kingsport, do you have an updated forecast of losses or EBITDA drag from this business in 2023?
William McLain: One I would highlight is I don't expect a significant increase in the gross spend for the full year. I would highlight the key point is we're on track to produce commercial quantities this fall, and we'll have revenue before year-end. So on the cost basis, not a significant impact. I would highlight our overall capital spend expectations for 2023 at $800 million. I'm confident that we'll be able to complete the construction within that level of investment as well. And we will deliver the investment returns that we've committed to for this project.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Mark, I saw this week an article talking about that you had the successful completion of sort of recycling project for automotive mixed plastic waste. I think they call it automotive shredder residue. Could you talk a little bit about that? And what you think the opportunity set is for you here? Is it similar to what you're doing on the consumer side of the equation? Just where is this in its life cycle?
Mark Costa: Vince, great question. And it highlights that sustainability and opportunities to grow our portfolio go well beyond just polyester cycling and our cellulosic growth. We're looking at all forms and fashions of how we can lean into this trend that's disrupting the markets and creating a lot of growth opportunity. As you know, the automotive market has a huge need to do with how to recycle all these cars and all the components of the cars as well as the waste in the process before making it through making the car. And so we have several programs going both in Europe and the U.S. on looking at every place that we can lean into that. So for example, with all the interiors, all of the polyester that's involved in the making of the interiors or recycling that polyester that is a take-back program, we can do effectively for our polyester recycling technology project. We're also working with the auto sector on how to recycle all the PVB polymer and the interlayers around glass. It's a stunning amount of waste, both in the glass and the interlayers and we are developing our own molecular recycling processes on how to take that PVB back and close that loop as another circular program. We don't talk that much about it as it's a little bit earlier in development. But it's another driver for advanced materials and how we can be a much more unique supplier to the auto industry. Lots of companies are engaging these programs for all the interesting reasons. We're pretty uniquely positioned for the textile part of a car as well as the glass part to really be the leader in delivering those solutions versus anyone else on the planet. So a lot is going on in that space.
Vincent Andrews: And then just as a follow-up in your regular business, you called out auto as being strong in the quarter, and you also anticipate there being growth in the second quarter sequentially. I'm just trying to compare and contrast that some of the other folks that are out there that have a lot of auto exposure, thought that maybe 1Q builds, maybe were a little bit of a pull forward from 2Q. So is that not what you're seeing? Or is your comments reflective more of just your portfolio of products rather than sort of what's going on in the broader industry from a build perspective.
Mark Costa: Yes. From a total build perspective, Vincent, I don't think our view is all that different than what you just said. I mean Q1 was certainly a bit better than expected as we highlighted. I don't think we're seeing in a total production basis, a big sequential trend of improvement from Q1 to Q2. I'd say it's holding. It's incrementally better. But our position in the market is very different than this broad production data. So when you think about the Advanced Materials business, the products that we're making, whether it's the high end, high-value, pay protection films or window films or it's the high interlayers or the multifunctional films going into EVs, we're really positioned in the much higher premium into the marketplace. So about 70% of these very high-value products are targeted at high-end premium market, which is about 25% of auto builds. And that part of the market is actually growing in the sort of high single digits. So those markets are holding up a lot better than the overall market. And so we're getting a lot of lift because of our unique focus in that space, growing at the double-digit level. So not only are we growing with those markets, we're winning a lot of very high-value mix applications in that space. And what also helps us is we're not losing any volume because we're not in the combustion engine drivetrain at all. We have no presence there, right? We're in glass. We're in the coatings, and so as these markets do well, we get absolute growth, and we don't have any offsets because we don't have exposure to the engines that are being sort of switched over to electric. So net, I think we're really in a good position about that. And as we've told you, you get that additional leverage with 3.5 times the volume and EVs, et cetera. So we're doing really well because of our strategy, because of our innovation and because of the position we have in the market. And that's a pretty good for AM. I would note that AFP is more connected to the broad auto production market. So their growth rates a little more modest because they serve the broad spectrum of the market versus just the high end.
Operator: We now have Josh Spector from UBS.
Josh Spector: Just curious if you could talk to what you see the underlying level of volume declines in the portfolio today, kind of excluding destocking and really trying to think about how you're thinking about volumes developing from first quarter, second quarter and what's baked into the second half and drive some of your EPS uplift that you're looking for?
Mark Costa: Sure. So I think it's important to start with the total volume numbers, and then I'll try and sort of bring it down to the specifics on your question. So if you think about the fourth quarter and the first quarter, the consumer discretionary markets like consumer durables, B&C, those kind of markets, electronics have seen a just significant drop in primary demand as well as a significant amount of destocking, and it goes back to the retail channel massively overstocked going from sort of an inventory ratio 1 times to sales to 2 times plus led to a huge amount of change in demand and then pull that apart, that story that we told in January about the markets, this market area being down 40% and retail sales being down about 10%. You got to remember, retail sales is dollars. So if you back out inflation, you're talking about volumes being down 15%, 20% on a volume basis, it's a pretty significant drop in demand for all the reasons I think have been well discussed about, COVID and supply chain, et cetera. And that trend continued, in fact, got a little bit worse in the first quarter from the fourth quarter when it came to the destocking. So we see that playing out and that destocking and durables continuing to go on, there's just phenomenally long supply chains in this space, especially for us because we're manufacturing. We're very -- North American centric and our manufacturing. So all of our specialty plastics are made here, then they have to be shipped to China typically to be made into different components and then go through warehouses and then component makers and the brands and then warehouses and then finally at retail back in the U.S. and Europe. So it's just a very long supply chain to destock. And that's sort of what you see going on. We do see signs of that destocking ending in May. But what we would say about these discretionary markets, whether it's durables or the same kind of story in building construction, those trends on the primary demand, we are now forecasting to stay at these low levels for the rest of the year. It's possible the world will get stabilize and get better and there will be some restocking, but none of that is in our forecast. We just have the end of destocking in these discretionary markets. I would note in building construction, we're assuming things have been bad for a while in Europe and Asia. So that's not really a destocking sort of just low demand. But we do see things decelerate in the U.S. and have factored that in consistent with our coating customers. On the stable markets, I would note that we have a very different situation obviously, they are stable, but they still are under pressure. Low single-digit lower demand when you look at some of the customers in that space in personal care and water treatment, et cetera, because even their demand is off. And yes, they are doing additional destocking and that, I think, has mostly played out in the first quarter. And so we're now moving back to more just sort of lower primary demand as we go into the second quarter. So those are sort of the dynamics across the market, and I just made comments on the auto market, which is obviously a source of strength. I'd note ag is a source of strength and holding up well. And I would note that aviation is recovering well and also a source of strength. So -- there are a few places that things are going well, places like medical and pharma, where things are really stable. And then you've got the story just hit on these demand situations. So as you look at the first half to second half, we've really moved to our new forecasting primary demand is going to stay at these challenged levels for the rest of the year and the only lift in demand in the back half is the end of destocking that's part of the first half challenge, that doesn't continue into the second half.
Josh Spector: I guess maybe if I could try to quantify some of that. So your volumes were down 9% in the first quarter, is your primary demand down low single digits. Just when you talk about demand consistent first half, second half, you talked about a number of weak markets going through your Slide 13, and I don't need to rehash all that. But just what number are we looking at there roughly in terms of some of those markets?
Mark Costa: Yes. So I think every story is a little bit different. But to keep it simple, you've got primary demand that's down and probably explaining aggregate, it's a little tough to break that out, but it's a third to half of the -- let's call it, a third of the story, probably 50% story is destocking in the first quarter. And then there is a 10%, 20% of the total decline that is places where we're seeding share. So discipline in price means you don't chase every KG. And in that case, what we have is place like in AFP and CI, very low-value markets where we're just not chasing that share. Architectural in China margins are incredibly low. We're not going to compete with the Chinese on share, we'd rather they serve that market than sort of export their products and it hits volume, but it doesn't actually hit earnings for the values low. Same is true in Chinese exports hitting Europe right now in different products, and we're choosing not to meet some of those very low offers, because in very low -- low market -- low-value market applications for us because we just sort of exacerbate price competition and it doesn't really have that big of an impact on earnings. So some of the volume mix is certainly market driven, as I described, some of it, which is a much smaller portion of that 9% is these kind of choices we make because that's how you have commercial excellence to maintain price discipline and stability in your important valuable markets and customers and regions. So that's how we break down this plan.
Operator: We now have Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: With your molecular recycling facility that will come on late this year or early next year, is all of the material that's going to be made Tritan?
Mark Costa: No. So the molecular facility, which will be coming on this fall with the current schedule that we have, we'll be providing recycled content that goes into right, but it also goes into a number of copolyesters. So the cosmetics sector, for example, uses our copolyesters, it's a great market. It's actually another place where demand is actually better right now with people, especially the Chinese getting back into traveling. And those brands, LVMH, L'Oreal, Clarins, all the brands, Chanel, et cetera, that we're working with in that space. They're some of the front leaders, frankly, on sustainability. They have the most aggressive recycle content targets, and they're the most determined to achieve those targets given their luxury position with the consumers that they serve. And so we see a lot of opportunity and growth in that space with recycled content. Tritan obviously has a huge amount of opportunity. I mean one of the best market opportunities for Tritan and sustainability is hydration bottles, right, whether it's now gene came back, all these reusable water bottles to get -- to move away from single-use plastic is a very high value, very high-growth market, including IDE, et cetera. And that market actually didn't come off as much as some of the other consumer durable markets, and it's going to show a lot more growth. So recycle content of going everything that you would think of that's natural like that, and I think it goes into products like the power tools gamble we told you with Black & Decker and some of these other applications in electronics, where other brands are very focused on their sustainability position, and we're winning in new applications, Opaque applications that are not normally where we play with Tritan because our strength is chemical resistance, durability and clarity that commands a very high price from the market because no one has a product that can match us, including being BPA free. But now we're getting to applications where the value propositions are a bit wider and still winning. So it's a combination of both. That's why the plant in France also will be half specialty to serve that cosmetics market in Europe and other high-value applications, including shrink packaging, et cetera. So it's broad-based.
Jeff Zekauskas: So maybe I'll try it again. So I think polyester demand or Tritan demand was negative in 2022. It's negative this year because of weakness in the durable goods market. And now you're going to bring on more capacity, which the market really wants over time, but it may mightn't it be difficult to get up to high utilization rates in 2024, given how weak the durable goods market is or the overall demand for Tritan and other polyesters, maybe it will take you three years to ramp up your capacity. Is that right?
Mark Costa: Yes. So Jeff, that's a very good and related question to my answer. We are adding a significant capacity in Tritan, as we've told you, that is a way to sort of grow total volume for the company. And sort of very strong drive demand. And you're correct, Tritan goes into consumer durables, -- that is one of its key end markets and certainly seeing significant demand pressure in the fourth quarter of last year and this year. Something we may not have been clear about in how we manage our assets and our expansions that I'll address right now. So we have flexibility to swing our Tritan lines back to copolyester, right? They were originally -- if you want to go back in history, they are originally PET lines that we modified to make our specialty copolyesters and then we modify them again to make Tritan. But we've always retained flexibility in these assets to make different products. So our strategy was always when we brought on this very large chunk of capacity to swing one of the smaller Tritan lines back to making copolyester. So the net effective add of Tritan capacity will be about 25% when it comes online because of how we've swung that other line back to making copolyesters. And this works because the copolyester markets we have to serve there are much bigger markets and a wider set of markets to serve. And as I just explained, the recycled content value isn't constrained to Tritan. It very much applies to cosmetics. It applies to the shrink packaging, which was oil, a very big market where people in that business going on bottles needs to have their sustainability recycle content targets hit there too as part of those bottles. And so we'll run the methanols plant full in serving all of those end markets our capacity will be balanced. And this is a huge advantage of our asset strategy, the flexibility to swing assets to make a wide range of products to adjust to whatever is going on in the market dynamics that we face. So no, it's not a problem. And then as we fill out that first 25%, we'll swing that asset back to Tritan to get to, in the end, a 50% capacity expansion. But you can do that over time make sure you have volume and variable margin paying for the whole fixed cost and getting that leverage bottom line.
Operator: The next question comes from Aleksey Yefremov from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Aleksey Yefremov: Mark, if I remember correctly, last quarter, you said you were looking towards the lower end of the annual guidance. Is this still the case for this update?
Mark Costa: No, we're feeling very good about our range and how we think about it. And if you think about the guidance we gave in January, it was a balance of volume recovery, price cost improvement with the trends that we see in raw materials, energy and distribution and the cost actions that we were taking, those obviously changed, but to hit the two positives first you know the price costs improvement is pretty substantial and fibers improvement is obviously substantial relative to our January guidance. And if you look at the strength of what we already have shown in the specialties or on the spread improvement, in the improvement in fibers and think about how that rolls through the rest of the year. That's about $1 -- it's at least $1 per share improvement in our outlook for fibers and spreads in the specialties. So that's a tailwind. So then you get to -- we didn't change our range with investors. And that's due to the conversation we've just had around the weakness in the market on the demand front being pretty substantial. And when you think about how we've sort of adjusted our guidance when you look at the next three quarters, you're about 208 I guess, in the mean. So our midpoint of our guidance range for Q2 is 2. So it's a pretty modest adjustment for some of that demand not being better in the second quarter sequentially being partially offset by better spread netting out to that sort of 2Q number. And then we've really pulled the vast majority of that dollar per share improvement in our outlook into the second half of the year, and that really is predominantly volume and mix and the associated asset utilization headwind that comes with it. And you've got that -- as we're sort of seeing this weaker demand, we're taking actions to reduce our operating rates, full inventory down, make sure we hit our $1.4 billion of cost in sort of cash flow generation. And that led to that $50 million of asset utilization headwind we identified and about half of that occurs in Q2 and the rest in the back half of the year. So that's all sort of fed into this mix. But what it really does is derisk the guidance, you don't have as much of a step-up into the second half of the year that we had in January. So I think it's a much more balanced forecast. I think we feel very good about the range and our ability. We're certainly not at the low end of it anymore, and we'll focus on what we can control. I mean it's a pretty uncertain environment. I think the volume forecast now is pretty conservative or balanced based on how you want to look at the world. But certainly not optimistic. And we're going to focus on controlling our costs, focus on our price discipline, focus on innovation to create value and growth above the underlying markets and make sure we deliver our cash flow.
Aleksey Yefremov: And on one of the slides, you're talking about interlayers being better positioned or gaining content in electric vehicles versus ICE. I thought both EVs and ICE use interlayers and especially the premium ICE cars. Could you talk about this? Why is there a content gain?
Mark Costa: So in the EVs versus ICE cars, they both safety windows for sure. But we've walked through this a couple of times on the EVs and there's a lot of detail on innovation day on this. There's about 3.5 times more content in the EV car than a ICE car when it comes to interlayers. Part of it is you're sitting on batteries, your heads pushed up higher into the ceiling. They can't raise the outside ceiling for aerodynamic efficiency, so they make the sunroof a lot bigger. So you're now ready around the bubble. And so there's a lot more glass going to laminated the summer the side wind, the back wind is because it's also a way to take steel out of the car by getting more structural strength from the glass with the laminate, they want more functionality in it. So they want the heads-up display. They want more solar rejection to reduce the load on HVAC. So we're putting a lot of solar rejection properties so that inside the car doesn't get heated up. They need more specific style colors, et cetera. So all this is leading to a lot more value per square meter in addition to a lot more square meters when you go to an EV. And we've already seen tremendous success with a 70% increase in our sales last year over '21 from EVs and it's now up to sort of 10% of our exposure in that business. So it's just -- it's a great story. And fortunately, we're not losing anything in the transition with the -- being in other parts of the car.
Operator: We now have Michael Leithead with Barclays.
Michael Leithead: First, just to around inventory and working capital. First, you talked about $50 million of incremental headwinds from lower asset utilization to manage your inventory. Can you just speak to what business or businesses are seeing the most pain there? And then second, Willy, just what's the working capital assumption and your cash flow guide this year?
William McLain: Yes. So what I would highlight from a business standpoint, as Mark has highlighted, the end markets of durables, building and construction are the ones that are most under pressure. So -- you can think about that being in our specialty businesses as we level out and have the fixed cost impact the remaining parts of the year. Ultimately, what we've said at the beginning of the year to achieve the $1.4 billion of cash hopefully, we were expecting, I'll call it, year-over-year working capital to be flat. You can see we're off at the beginning of the year, and that being a net I'll call it the net usage of cash and we're focused on driving that cash as we hold our earnings guide flat for the full year that we delivered that through to the bottom line. So we're not waiting to the back half to see how unfold. We're taking action now so that it is across the last three quarters.
Michael Leithead: And then just quickly, Mark, on methanolysis. You mentioned seen revenue before year-end. But just -- when do you think that facility will be ramped up to a point where we'll sort of see a normalized kind of EBITDA run rate from the plant?
Mark Costa: So the ramp-up of the facility will be quite fast getting to sort of full capacity and recycled content will be the priority valued by our customers. So we expect the facility and the recent content to start going into a wide range of products pretty quickly through 2024. Now filling out the capacity of the -- Tritan capacity, obviously, as I discussed a moment ago, to Jeff's question, will take some time but we have a way to flex our assets to sort of sell recycled content into widening range of markets, including BT if we want to sort of run it full. So there's plenty of market demand -- unlimited market demand in PET relative to this capacity. So we feel good about deploying the capacity pretty quickly. It will be across a spectrum of markets and then over time, we'll value up that mix, like we always do to the higher and higher value specialties as we continue to penetrate and grow in those markets like Triton over time. So we'll get to a pretty good fill out rate on the actual investment in the recycled content within 12 to 18 months.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew DeYoe with Bank of America.
Matthew DeYoe: Just wanted to ask quickly on the 2Q guidance. The 2Q guidance range, I mean, the segment commentary is fairly tight at like ex-AM, but I'm just kind of wondering as we look at it, what maybe takes you to low end versus the high end of the range.
Mark Costa: So when you think about the sequential trends, we obviously did a lot better than expected in the first quarter, which was principally driven by price/cost favorability especially from natural gas that we can see continuing sequentially into the second quarter. So that part, I think, is pretty clear. The cost actions we're taking on the $200 million cost reduction program and how some of that certainly showed up and help to the first quarter, but more of that will show up in help in the second quarter, that's pretty easy to see and predict how those elements are going to play out. So the wildcard is purely back to the full year, which is how is volume and mix going to play out? And how does that also impact asset utilization? And that's really where things sit. When it comes to the stable markets, I think we've got a pretty good understanding of that sort of half of our revenue that -- and where the trends in those markets are headed. There's still a little bit of destocking in personal care and water treatment and AFP that's uncertain. And then the big question is an AM associated with what's going on in these more discretionary markets in consumer durables and when that destocking ends and at what rate. I mean we do see if order books being sort of weak and similar to March. So normally, you'd see a real step up in March that didn't play out sort of was steady through the month when it comes to sort of the specialty plastics world. And -- but we do see order books being a lot stronger in May now. So we're finally starting to see some actual turn here in that marketplace, which is encouraging. And that turn is built into our guidance. And then on building construction, I think that's the other wildcard, I think Europe and China were presuming to be relatively stable at the levels not getting worse but not really getting much better. And we do see things getting a little bit more challenging in building construction in the U.S. as that market is starting to now finally face the lower housing starts and existing home sales, et cetera. So I think we feel pretty good about this range with the wildcard is going to be -- we're in a pretty volatile time when it comes to demand and how much destocking really has played out yet or not, et cetera. And that's why we've sort of pulled our sort of view this quarter down a bit. But we feel good about this range, and we're going to pull every lever where we got to head.
Matthew DeYoe: And if I can, on the Ai-Red Tech acquisition, like I'm assuming this is pretty small, but I know you like the paint protection film business a lot, and I know Asia is growing quickly. So I mean, how fragmented is that market, what's kind of the margin differential for there if we look versus the U.S.? And how big of an opportunity could the paint protection and expansion day old be for Eastman as you look over the next few years?
William McLain: Yes. So we're very excited about the bolt-on that we added in our performance sales business in Advanced Materials. To your point, we're always looking for bolt-ons in AM as well as Additives & Functional Products. Our two key end markets within this space are in Asia, specifically China and the U.S., Americas. Now we have a global asset footprint to better serve and to achieve the higher growth rate. Ultimately, this is a premium set of products. And we're really excited about how this is going to help AM grow in the long term and specifically the films business.
Operator: We now have Kevin McCarthy of Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin McCarthy: Mark, you moved your functional amines business for reporting purposes over to A&FP from the Chemical Intermediates segment. Can you talk about why you did that? And with regard to the first quarter, what were the sales and earnings associated with that business? I saw the sort of the retrospective disclosures for 2022. It looks like it was $310 million in annual sales with EBIT margin slightly north of 20%. Are those sorts of run rates reasonable to apply to the first quarter that you just reported as well?
Mark Costa: Functional amines business is just an absolutely fantastic business. And it's one that we saw a lot of opportunities to sort of operate and manage better by integrating it with the personal care business that's the other half of Taminco that sits in AFP and sort of bring the band back together again. And so from operational asset efficiency, business management point of view, made sense to bring them together. And it also allowed us to help investors better understand the quality of this business. I mean it's got 70% of its revenue in really stable, attractive markets from ag to pharma to water treatment, very solid study businesses. The nature of this business doesn't really face competition from Asia. It's very difficult to ship these intermediates around the world for safety reasons. So we don't compete against Asia in these markets. And we're by far the strongest leader in these products with a great competitive position in North America and Europe. So very solid margin position, very attractive margins, as you mentioned, and we do most of this business in both here as well as personal care and cost pass-through contracts, so the margins are very stable through the sort of ups and downs with inflation. So it's also good on that and had some great growth opportunities as well. We make a critical ingredient for Corteva and list product called C base. We're -- they're a great company, and we hope to be continue to great partner with them and see a lot of growth in front of us on top of the normal ag market. Once again, innovation partnerships leading to above market growth. So great business to have integrated. And they have -- because we're at scale, our vertical integration model here creates a lot of value.
William McLain: And Mark, if I can add, as we look at our Q1 results and the -- I'll call it the strong performance relative to our January guide. The way I look at that is we beat our expectations of about $75 million. So if you look at that, that's roughly a third, of third, of third across AFP fibers and our Chemical Intermediates business as you look at the guide prior to the resegmentation.
Kevin McCarthy: And secondly, if I may, Mark, I wanted to revisit the fibers discussion in response to David's question earlier. You talked a lot about what's changed in that business. But at a very high level, if I look at history, your segment margins were in the low 30% range and very stable from 2013 to 2016. And then in the next four years, we descended through the '20s and then that dovetailed into this inflationary year where the, call it, mid-teens last couple of years. In the first quarter, your price went up 40% year-over-year and now we're back to the low 30% range, 31% in the first quarter. So should we understand from your comments that, that margin level will be sustainable for the foreseeable future? And if so, can you talk about what's changed with regard to your contracts in terms of pricing and procurement, if that makes sense?
Mark Costa: Sure. So it's a great question. It's been a long journey for this business. It's always -- if you go back to the history you're talking about was a great source of earnings, margin and importantly, cash flow because it doesn't require much CapEx historically. And so it was just a great part of our portfolio, and it went through a very difficult time when sort of demand came off significantly. And as I said, and I'm not going to repeat it, the trends in demand and supply have changed a lot over the decade to get us back to high utilization rates. And the key here is the customers in a loose market, we're very focused like every department does on how to get the best price. But in the end, security supply is a lot more important than incremental price improvements. And we're now in an industry situation because of the last decade, there hasn't been very much investment in this industry and the need to continue to be a reliable supplier to our customers requires us to make some investments. So we've seen inflation and costs go up a lot. We obviously raised prices to cover that. But we also need appropriate margins in this business to make the reinvestments in asset reliability. And for us, expansion of capacity on our existing assets. So to be clear, not a new plant, but debottlenecking because we have so much growth in textiles and we have so much growth in this event product line that is going to go into food service that we're expecting in '24 and '25. The wholesale list stream as we talked about at innovation days making a pivot to being a growth stream as opposed to an optimization stream, which we're incredibly excited about because not only do we have a lot of huge upside of that $450 million coming out of the polyester recycling with this cellulose 600 products that we have -- we've now got $200 million of growth opportunity in the future on top of this improved fibers business and the margins as you look over the next five years. So this is really exciting new dimension for us to get to this higher altitude on the base and then build on it with growth. But we do believe the margins are at appropriate levels for the importance of this product to our customers. And funding our investment to be a highly reliable supplier. I'd also note, as I said, contracting typically, there's a lot of our contracts that are multiyear contracts. We have added provisions in there to make some adjustments for how raw materials go up and down to provide more margin stability for this business. And so we've got -- we're fully contracted this year and we're making great progress in getting the contracts in place for the next couple of years. And so we'll share more with you about how we've progressed on that through the summer. So we do think the margins are the right attitude there's always some uncertainty of energy costs, for example, that will move the number up and down a bit.
Operator: We now have Michael Sison with Wells Fargo.
Michael Sison: Nice start to the year. Market Advanced Materials, your margins did improve reasonably well in the first quarter versus the 4S and you're sitting here in the low teens. Where do you think we can get those margins back to -- it used to be a high teens, maybe 20% business? And is it just simply volumes coming back to get there?
William McLain: So Mike, before I let Mark respond, I would just highlight, we've had a significant amount of inflation over the last couple of years. We're talking about, I think almost $2.5 billion, between that and FX, that's about 300 basis points at the corporate level and about two-thirds of that has been in our specialties and advanced materials. So as we look back over a couple of years, we're going to be approaching pre-COVID levels adjusted for inflation.
Mark Costa: And just putting that aside, I think there's a lift in margins that are pretty substantial in front of us from two components, Mike. First is obviously, there's prices we have increased last year where we did keep up with inflation through last year, which was pretty extraordinary inflation when you think of PVOH being up 45%, energy up 70%, PX up 40%. So a lot of inflation in this segment, two-thirds of the $2.4 billion of inflation over the last two years goes into specialty as a lot of it into AM. And we've done a great job. But there was certainly an amount of compression we didn't keep up with in 2021. And so as we hold our prices up and start realizing some cost benefits from that in this segment, we'll see margins improve as a result of that. So that's a big driver of where you'll see progressive improvements in margins through this year. But the other factor here in the short term is demand, right? So when demand is off as much as it is, and we're running our assets slower to control inventory and generating cash flow, and that's just going to have an asset utilization hit to the EBIT margins and a good portion of that $50 million that we called out, lands in the Advanced Materials segment. So the margins will get better this year. But when you go to '24 with the assumption that demand starts to improve and people bring restocking back to sort of normal levels of inventory, you'll see another big step-up in margins next year as we progress. And then you've got the circular economy kicking in through next year. And then we're using the premiums in existing applications and just new sales at much higher prices. So that will continue to drive margins up. And so I think we get back to our old margins and continue lifting the margins from there.
Operator: We now have Arun Viswanathan from RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan: So it looks like just given your guidance for '23, we can kind of assume maybe at the midpoint that the second half, you'll be exiting the year at around a $4 EPS run rate. And if you look at next year then, not to just annualize that number, but if you were, that would get you to $8, is that a base case which we can build off of? And maybe if you get some more normal volume growth if you get back into the mid 8s into the 8% to 10% EPS growth range or 8% to 12%. Is that how you're thinking about the main drivers that will get you back into that range? It's mainly volume? Or what else should we be expecting, I guess.
William McLain: Yes. So I would highlight to your point, we're delivering $3.60 with our guide here in the first half as we think about achieving the midpoint that number is going to be closer to $4.25 in the back half as we're focused on achieving the midpoint. As you take that number, roughly $8.50 for the full year. And as we think about getting back to, I call it a more normal demand environment versus an extreme demand environment, we are focused on getting back to that 8% to 12% EPS earnings growth.
Mark Costa: No, I think that's right. I mean, when you think about the portfolio, you've got fibers a much higher altitude and it's going to hold there. You've got CI at bottom cycle kind of spreads in margins in this current competitive environment. So stable to maybe up next year. So you've got that carrying in as a solid base to next year. And then the question then focuses on to what degree are we going to have specialties grow versus this year. Well, last year and this year has got an extraordinary amount of destocking and very low demand because in the world we live in materials, we're very much in a serious recession. I mean the service sector with consumers may not be there yet, but our industry is certainly at recessionary levels. So you've got a lot of recovery or just stabilization in some of these markets as upside on volume mix, you've got auto that has a lot of recovery in front of it. So if any version of that where the world is better in '24 versus this year, you're definitely adding on to this back half performance. You got to adjust for seasonality, but it's a very strong improvement in EPS next year versus this year in that macroeconomic scenario.
Arun Viswanathan: And then similarly, on the free cash flow side then, does that push you closer to $2 billion, maybe by '25. And if so, would you be allocating more capital to growth investment at that point? Or is it possible that we could reprioritize share repurchases?
William McLain: So just to highlight. First, we're focused on delivering our $1.4 billion of this year. And yes, as we think about a more normalized demand environment and building on the back half of this year, getting back to the $1.6 billion of operating cash flow and above that we committed to at Innovation Day is definitely within our side. And I think, again, we've been focused on discipline with our capital allocation. So one, first, the growing dividend, two, driving our organic growth and the innovation-driven growth model and this new vector of growth with our circular investments. And then bolt-ons, and we will always put cash to use and not when it sit on the balance sheet. So if there's left over, yes, we'll do more than offset inflation with share repurchase or dilution with share repurchases.
Mark Costa: Let's make the next question the last one, please. .
Operator: Absolutely. Our final question on the line comes from John Roberts with Credit Suisse.
John Roberts: See flex film is also used in laminated window glass for commercial construction. Those are long lead time projects. Can you see the bottom yet in the U.S. commercial construction backlog? And can some of that production be pivoted to auto?
Mark Costa: So John, the interlayer assets that make the auto and the architectural windows are flexible. So they very much can swing between auto and building construction. I would note that the vast majority of our business in laminated architectural glass is actually in Europe, not here. So slowdown in this sort of Europe construction market that's occurred for quite some time, sort of is embedded in our forecast. So we're at lower levels in that part of the industry. They really just isn't that much laminate glass because it's really isolated to commercial here and where the regulations drive a lot more laminate glass to both commercial and residential in Europe. So that's embedded in there. That excess capacity very much will just be redeployed to auto recovery as we see it. And then eventually, you're right, it's long lead the housing market will improve over time. It's honestly held up reasonably well. It's not off that much.
John Roberts: And then what's the delay in announcing the location for the second U.S. methanolysis plant? Are you pushing that out because of the delay in the Kingsport side?
Greg Riddle: John, there's no delay. We had always anticipated that we would do it in the first half of the year, and the expectation is that we'll make the announcement in the second quarter here. 
John Roberts: Okay.
Greg Riddle: Okay. That's our last question. Thanks again, everyone, for joining us. We appreciate your time, and I hope you have a great day.
Operator: That concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-27 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Eastman Chemical Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman website, www.eastman.com.  We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Greg Riddle: Thank you, Emily, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Willie McLain, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Jake LaRoe, Manager, Investor Relations. Yesterday after market closed, we posted our fourth quarter and full year 2022 financial results news release and SEC 8-K filing, our slides and our related prepared remarks in the Investors section of our website, eastman.com. Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in our fourth quarter and full year 2022 financial results news release during this call, in the preceding slides and prepared remarks, and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for third quarter 2022 and the Form 10-K to be filed for full year 2022. Second, earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain noncore and unusual items. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures including a description of the excluded and adjusted items, are available in the fourth quarter and full year 2022 financial results news release. As we posted the slides and accompanying prepared remarks on our website last night, we'll go straight into Q&A. Emily, please let's start with our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will now go to our first question from Josh Spector of UBS.
Joshua Spector : I guess first one to ask, can you walk through your step-up in your implied guidance from first quarter through the rest of the year? I guess mostly interested to hear how much you see this within your control versus subject to macro conditions changing?
Mark Costa : Sure, Josh, and welcome. The -- we expected that question. I think it's an extremely important one we spent a lot of time on. First, let's just recognize we're in an extremely dynamic time in this world where it is difficult to predict some of the macro. You've got China in a weak situation but likely recover, seen one article saying there's $2.2 trillion of cash out there with Chinese consumers to be deployed and how that impacts both demand and energy. Ukrainian War, you've got inflation at four-year highs and what the Fed is going to do with it. So there is a lot of uncertainty, and the fourth quarter was a little bit challenging. As we look at Q1, many of those challenges continue, whether it's the destocking in durables and B&C that still needs to work itself out, auto not yet recovering and the stable market is virtually getting past destocking, but not growing yet.  We will certainly see some raw material benefits in the first quarter, but not much in the way flow-through works and seasonally energy is high. So the first quarter has a number of challenges, not to mention pension and variable comp. So as we look at the step up into the second quarter and through the rest of the year, there's really three key elements. To your point, the one that's most directly in our control is taking out $200 million of cost net of inflation. And not much of that is really helping us in the first quarter. There are some of the unmet manufacturing activities that we're executing on, but even that is being implemented through this quarter and the operational improvements flowing the inventory, and those benefits won't flow out until they start moving into the second quarter. So the vast majority of that $200 million gets spread across the three quarters. So that's a big step up Q1 to Q2.  The second one is how will spreads improve. Now we've had tremendous success in being disciplined and successful in managing our pricing with just great commercial excellence across all parts of the company. It's pretty extraordinary when you think about the amount of inflation that we faced. Last year was about $1.3 billion of inflation where at the beginning of the year, we didn't really expect that much inflation if you go back to our January call of last year. And if you look at it on a two-year basis, it's $2.4 billion of inflation, if you even go back to 2019 to '22 $2 billion of inflation. So a significant amount of inflation, and we've caught up with most of that and across that multiyear timeframe. We certainly kept up with it through last year.  So as you go to each segment, the story is a little bit different. So Advanced Materials is probably the most important one to start with because it has a pretty significant tail when in spread. When you think about it, they had one of the most challenging raw material and energy environments across our segments with VAM and PVOH up 45% relative to '21 PX, up 40%; energy up 70%. Now they kept up with that inflation with 13% increases in price, but they did improve spreads. And if you go back to where we were at the beginning of last year, we had the intention of recovering spread compression in '21 of about $100 million.  Now we didn't get that, but we did keep up with inflation. And we're starting now into this year at a much higher altitude with the prices that we've achieved in keeping up with this inflation. So as we look at this year, we see that this segment is going to have a pretty substantial tailwind in raw material and energy. And we're not trying to be too optimistic about this. If we just use the -- where raw materials have already come down in VAM, PVOH and PX for the first quarter of this year and think about the energy off of the natural gas forward curve for the year, that's actually quite a bit more spread tailwind than what we would have thought last year of that $100 million because of the higher altitude.  So that's part of it. And again, that shows up as a step up as you move into the second quarter. There's a bit of it that flows through in the first quarter, but most of that is in the second quarter through the fourth.  With Fibers, much shorter cleaner story, which is you had a lot of challenges in inflation here as well, both especially in energy and the market, the customers have moved to being worried about security and supply. So you've been very successful in increasing prices last year as well as contractually securing much higher prices this year to make sure that margins are back to sustainable levels to support our customers. And that's $275 million outlook to earnings this year, which is a significant step-up in fact, enough to offset the spread normalization in chemical intermediates that we expect this year. And then A&P will have modest spread improvement as well, but not as much because they managed spread quite well last year, so they have less upside this year. So you put it all together, that's a lot of spread improvement and a lot of it flows in sequentially into the second quarter. So that's a big step up.  The third segment is volume and mix, and this is more of a mix of what happens with the economy versus what's in our control. Destocking at some point is going to end. We're assuming right now that it predominantly ends by the end of this quarter for durables and B&C. And so you get a step up of demand going from destocking levels, which are pretty severe to something less than that. In the stable markets, we can see moving past that some amount of growth from those markets. Importantly, innovation is something in our control, and we've had a lot of success last year despite our challenges in the economy and securing a lot of new business wins that are going to help this year. And again, that doesn't really happen during destocking. So you got to wait to get that past you to start seeing some of that benefit. And then, of course, there's China recovery. But we're being very conservative in not assuming much of that in our sort of outlook that we've provided until we see more proof of it. So the bottom line is there's a lot of step-up across these three factors. Many of it is in our control. But as you look at the guidance we gave you for the year, given the outlook for the first quarter, I think it's appropriate to sort of look at the lower half of that guidance for how we're going to perform until we get past this quarter and have more insight on all these factors.
Operator: Our next question today comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter : Mark, just on Fibers, can you talk to the sustainability of this higher level of earnings going forward?
Mark Costa : Hi, David. Thank you for the question. It's one of the bright spots of the year and one we're excited to talk about. Fibers has obviously been on a tough journey since 2014 when the market structure loosened up for a variety of factors. But the situation has evolved and changed over time. First is on the demand side. We historically thought about demand declining in the 2% to 3% range. But what we've seen over the last few years is it's only declining around 1%. And partly, that's driven by the strength of the heat-not-burn segment of the marketplace that is growing at 15% a year, offsetting some of the other decline on the cigarette side. China has also stabilized to being pretty much flat to slightly up in demand over the last several years. So you've got stabilization of demand, the heat-not-burn market growing. And the heat-not-burn devices require quite a bit more tow per smoking experience than a cigarette. So that's also helping. If you look at in the last decade, we've only been down about 10% of demand as you sort of put all these factors together. And we uniquely at Eastman also have the benefit of the textile growth, providing stability and margins to our business.  On the supply side, there's also a lot that's changed in the last decade. So you can see about 15% of capacity has been shut down or repurposed. That's assets that have been retired, the impacts that Russia has had on capacity in their country as well as us repurposing some of our assets towards the textiles growth. And the move to like the slim cigarettes, especially in China, as well as two free cigarettes has actually had a significant impact on the effective capacity. It's much more difficult to make those products, so you lose a lot of capacity, at least 10%, maybe 15% of capacity is lost with that. So the industry has gone when you put those factors together to being pretty high in capacity utilization, where the conversations and then the focus with our customers is how we are reliable, secure supplier for their needs. You have to remember the value of tow and the final price of the cigarette is a very small percent. So making sure they have it to sell their product at very high margins is incredibly important to them. And that's not the focus. So that's allowed us to get quite a bit of price up last year, so already good momentum, seeing some of that benefit already in the fourth quarter of last year that indicated the trajectory we're on for this year. So we give you factors as sustainable and improving the earnings quite a bit. So I would say this year is going to be at least $275 million when we put all those factors together. The other thing that it does is it gives us a much more solid base for our overall cellulose extreme and very strong cash flow to support the investments we're making in the circular economy, not just the polyester side, but we have a huge number of opportunities on the cellulosic side, with our recycling capabilities to take plastic waste into that product also being biodegradable is allowing us to realize why growth in our Naia textiles, we told you a lot about. So you're going to hear a lot more this year around Aventa food service that has a huge market opportunity to replace polystyrene and the microbe. So the cellulose extreme is shifting to being pretty attractive and sort of when we put it all together, growth business.
David Begleiter : And just on cash flow. You mentioned increased to $1.4 billion this year due to a number of actions you're taking. Can you just sort of on patty taking and specifically working capital release this year?
Willie McLain : Yes, David, this is Willie. I would highlight to your point, basically, in 2022, I'll call it, the inflationary pressures consumed another roughly $300 million in working capital. As we look at 2023, we see, call it, an absence of that inflationary pressure as well as we optimize the inventory for the new demand levels. We think there's at least $300 million on that front that we'll benefit from on a year-over-year basis. Also, as you think about cash earnings, I would say you need to look at higher cash earnings year-over-year as we normalize for the pension and also as you normalize for the variable comp coming back to normal. Those two items should put us at $1.4 billion or above, and higher taxes will bring us back down to the $1.4 billion level. So that's a high-level bridge for you.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Aleksey Yefremov with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Aleksey Yefremov : The price of version plastics has been very volatile lately. So has the interest in recycled content that you're negotiating changed at all given lower version plastic prices and perhaps weaker demand?
Mark Costa : So a good question. We haven't seen any real change in people's interest when it comes to recycled content. If you think about it, the brands have set out very aggressive goals in '25 and 2030. And the pressure out there for why they set those goals is just increasing, not decreasing when it comes to plastic waste. So consumers are very sensitive to this topic. There's obviously a lot of environmental NGOs putting a lot of pressure on this and politicians, both in Europe and in the U.S. are doubling down on sustainability, climate impact, plastic waste and the policies that they're putting forward. In Europe, you've got extensive policy around plastic waste reduction and recycling that was passed a couple of years ago and the rules are being implemented now that requires you to have 30% recycled content in your packages, if you want to put them on the shelf in '25 in taxes for whatever it does in every cycle content in it. So there are significant economic drivers in Europe that are driving brands to be committed to that. In the U.S., the NGO pressure, the social media pressure on brands is pretty high. And you now have at least five states already passing some version of legislation that's driving change like what's going on in Europe and some of those are quite big states like California. So the policy pressure and almost requirements to do it are there versus pay a tax and from a brand that's easier to be sustainable than pay a tax from a choice point of view. So the brands have these commitments.  The other challenge I've got is the mechanical industry is not remotely capable of supplying the recycled content that's needed by this 2025 timeframe back into food grade, while material gets recycled down into other applications like textiles and park ventures, et cetera. But they -- but to get it back to food grade that quality mechanical recycling just can't meet these goals. So the need for our capability is very much there. The brand engagement is very strong. And we've seen tremendous success already on the specialty front, as we've shared with you with the 1,000 opportunities that we're pursuing with customers around our first plant here in Kingsport. But on the PET side, like the Pepsi contract that we just accomplished, we see that the central part of actually solving this crisis. The other thing I would note that a drop in demand in short term.  Yes. I just forgot to mention one thing on the rPET, if you're looking at short-term demand and it's dropping, that's actually not about packaging. It's the carpet people and the textile people having such low demand. They were also buying clear bottles, and they're not buying those clear bottles anymore for their feedstock. And so that's why short-term demand is coming off is purely what's going on in the durables and building construction sector has nothing to do with packaging.
Aleksey Yefremov : And just a follow-up on Advanced Materials, Mark. Do you need raw materials to come down from where they are today to get to your targets of be meaningfully up versus 2021? Or are you assuming sort of current spot raw material prices pretty well for the rest of the year?
Mark Costa : Yes. On the spread assumption that we've got and how Advanced Materials improves, we're assuming that we don't have another inflation crisis like we did last year, right? So VAM and PVOH prices were extraordinarily high because the VAM producers, half of them in the U.S. were unable to operate for five months. So we had prices for some periods of the spring and the summer were double because of that extreme market tightness. And we had to buy a lot of very high-priced material from the spot market out of Asia to continue to supply our customers. So getting rid of all that market tightness, which is where sort of VAM and PVOH prices have now gone to some degree, I think there's still more coming down, but we're just using where we are today for this quarter and how we project spread improvement versus last year. Same with PX. We're not assuming a dramatic improvement relative to where PX is now. You could look at 6 million tons of PX capacity coming online this quarter in China, and PX prices could get lower, but that would be upside. We're not banking on that in our outlook. We are assuming energy costs get lower, as I said, we're using the forward curve on natural gas for that. But that's what's in the sort of outlook we're giving you for this base case. Could things be higher? Sure. But that would require a pretty significant move up in oil from the sort of $80, $90 range we're in. And I think we feel good about this base case given sort of the world that we're in and the macroeconomic challenges that we face right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Leithead with Barclays.
Michael Leithead : First question, just on the circular plastic build-out, a bit of inflation so far, and you still need to break ground on the second and third facility. So can you just talk about what you're doing today to help make sure we don't get further CapEx creep year over, say, the next year or so?
Mark Costa : Sure. So there's a lot that we've been doing to manage a difficult capital construction environment last year for the Kingsport plant and have done a great job in keeping those costs under control. A little frustrated by the challenges in getting craft labor to get the plant sort of completed here, but the cost control is working well. And we're confident we'll get this plant up and running early summer.  When it comes to the next two projects, there are a couple of things we're doing. One is some of the commentary we provided in our prepared remarks about how we're building these plants. So we had a design for building these plants where we were always going to start out with 100 KMT of capacity, but designing them upfront to expand to be 50% bigger when you add it on the second phase. We've switched to taking a more standardized approach to sort of say, look, we're going to build identically what we're building here in Kingsport in France and in the second U.S. project with Pepsi. So a very standardized approach to leverage all the engineering, procurement, construction approach to sort of build a replica of what we're doing here in a very efficient manner. So that's one way we're going to help to keep the capital cost down. Now to be clear, we're still spending capital at the site to make sure the infrastructure is in place for what we will do is double the capacity at each of these sites over time after we get the first site, first modules up, if you will. So we're actually sort of expanding what we think we can deliver between now and 2030, doubling it versus go 50%, but we're taking a more standardized approach. And this also allows us to take a lot of insights we have around how to improve the technology on energy efficiency and feedstock robustness into that second phase in this more modular approach. So there's a variety of benefits. The other thing we have really factored into our capital estimates yet is a slowing macroeconomic environment should create some deflation in the construction industry. We're already seeing it in the price of steel and pipes and things like that. So materials are going to get cheaper. I don't think the cost per labor hour is going to go down. But I do think we're going to have more availability of resources, higher quality resources. So productivity will improve in materials and equipment will probably come off in price. So that will help also keep control on the CapEx numbers.
Michael Leithead : Great. And then second, just on Fibers and the new contract there. If I remember, most of your tow business was moved to long-term contracts a few years ago. So is this new pricing just reflective of a portion of your current business that we'll see further resets over the next two years? Or is this a big reset for almost all of your business here today into '23?
Mark Costa : It's a big reset for most of our business. So about 2/3 of our business is on contract. A lot of that is multiyear. Some of it is annual. And even with what is not on contract, it's pretty firm agreements when it comes to volume on an annual basis. So we -- just the nature of when all these contracts started to turn over happen to be last year into this year that gave us the opportunity to have these negotiations and increase these prices. That's why you're seeing this all happen now as opposed to a year ago when the market was already started getting tight, but we didn't have the contractual flexibility to make these changes until now.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Vincent Andrews with Barclays -- sorry, Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews : Mark, could you talk a little bit more about, I guess, two things. One, I was struck by the consumer durables comment in Advanced Materials where your volume was down 40%. That just seems like an enormous number. So could you just talk a little bit more about how that's actually impacting Advanced Materials business and what the sort of cadence of improvement is it's going to be? And then also, could you just sort of detail a little bit your assumptions about the auto business for '23? I think I read that you've got expectations for sequential decline from 4Q to 1Q and some modest growth overall in '23. But is there anything changing about the customer mix of your products for the in terms of the cars they're building and the tech that's in them or anything like that, just given it seems like the automakers are starting to focus on different things in a more recessionary environment.
Mark Costa : Sure. So both very relevant important questions for us. The consumer durable business is incredibly important markets where we sell our Tritan at very high margins and have had tremendous growth over the last decade. What I can tell you, and we've been doing a very deep dive on what's going on in the fourth quarter, as you would expect, it's entirely market-driven. When you look at some of what's going on in the specific parts of the market we're in, which is small appliances, housewares, electronics, that part of the durables world, it's just been declining really for quite a long time, right? So the underlying market started declining in the second quarter of last year modestly. And then as people started switching to travel, leisure versus buying a lot of durable goods, you saw that in the announcements from Walmart and Target, if you go back to May. And what we didn't really fully appreciate is just how much overstocking the retail sector was doing in ordering from everyone who could supply them because they were so short of material and then suddenly it all showed up and they had a lot more inventory to get to get out. And with inflation being so high, the consumer durable sector is the first thing people stop buying. And you can see that in the semiconductor data, you can see that in the electronics where they're dramatically down.  So when we look at what's going on in the end market, you can see a lot of evidence at the primary demand level of demand being off, but not nearly as much as us, right? So the retail sales data will show our direct end markets might be off 10%, 15%. And we're off 40%. So the rest of that is, by definition, destocking. And that's because of these retail inventory channels that are so overstuffed, and it just took a while to get that momentum to try and pull down production through the entire chain. So it's challenged. And it's continuing into the first quarter, and we expect it to be equally challenging this quarter as the fourth. But at some point, it's going to end. And from what we can see so far, we think they will get this under control mostly by the end of this first quarter, and then you've got a big step up in demand when the destocking is over to sort of lower demand than what is normal but still a lot better than 40% down, and that's part of the step-up in earnings for Advanced Materials as you move into the second quarter. On the auto side, demand, we're being, I think, conservative probably a little bit more conservative than what the consultants would say about demand being slightly down in the fourth quarter -- in the first quarter and not improving much for the year. So if we're wrong about that and production improves more, that's a lot of upside because those are very high-value markets that we serve in our earnings.  But the shift in the market, to get at your question, Vince, is really important. That shift is very favorable to us. So we now got about 10% of our sales going into at very high margins. You have to remember that EV is about 3.5x more value for us than an ICE car. There's a lot more glass in an EV car and a lot more functionality. They're putting in it from acoustics to solar rejection, to heads-up display, et cetera. So the value capture there is tremendous on a mix lift basis. So the EV trend, and we are aligned with the top players on this with our products is a significant opportunity. I'd also say head-up display in general, not just in EVs, but all cars have a lot of growth momentum. It was a big mix uplift last year and even though down market, and we think that trend is going to continue and accelerate into this year as a result of the semiconductors, there's a lot in the HUD. There's a lot of times if you were trying to buy a car last year, they would let you order the HUD because of semiconductor limitations, that's going to resolve. And so we see the HUD market picking up. I'd also note that, that's in large. The paint protection business and the performance films business is doing fantastic, very strong growth, very high margins. So we got a lot of mix uplift relative to the underlying market in auto that helped us offset some of the challenges last year and certainly will be a significant lever versus last year into this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas : Of the $200 million in cost savings, how does it split between SG&A and cost of goods sold?
Willie McLain : Jeff, thanks for the question. I would highlight we have two major pillars within this. We've highlighted roughly $125 million of this we'll be taking from our operations, which would include manufacturing and supply chain and then $75 million, I'll call it, more in the non-operations which would be SG&A and -- primarily. So I'll break it down a little bit for you. So on the $125 million, what gives us confidence is we expect more efficient operations as we run at lower rates due to moderating demand. As you think about the supply chains as well as our planned and unplanned schedule last year, we expect a significant improvement. I also think we've demonstrated even back to the COVID environment that we also leverage a pretty variable cost structure when it comes to leveraging overtime contractors, and we're already taking the actions at the end of the year, starting in Q1 to change that cost structure to the current demand levels. And we're very focused on operating at the most efficient level from an operations standpoint as we assess the demand environment that Mark has highlighted here. On the supply chain and the network optimization, we see $30 million to $50 million in that space as you think about us having to air freight, use inefficient modes on a year-over-year basis. So a substantial increase on that front. Also, as you saw in the prepared materials, we expect to have roughly $25 million lower maintenance year-over-year. And we're also looking at our asset footprint and as you saw, some restructuring charges there as we look on a go-forward basis. So that's on the manufacturing front. On the non-operations I would highlight, we've already, I'll call, reduced discretionary, and we're starting that here in Q1. So as you think about external spend versus our workforce reduction, that's about 50-50 from a cost impact on a year-over-year basis.
Jeff Zekauskas : Okay. And so these are net reductions. So does it mean that SG&A should go down $75 million all-in in 2023, exclusive of the $110 million lift in pension expense? And can you explain what the event was that caused the $110 million lift in pension expense?
Willie McLain : Okay. So let me break that into a couple of parts for you, Jeff. So on the pension, I'll hit that first. That will not impact SG&A or manufacturing. It's set forth on our income statement within the [EBIT]. There are two drivers as you think about pension, and they're equal. So the pension and interest to costs, we had lower discount rates. You can think about 200 basis points on the interest cost in 2022. That increased over 500 basis points, so a 300 basis point change on the interest cost. Our assets are lower year-over-year as you think about the market basically being down about 20% versus our assumed return of about 6%. That's about $50 million each is what I would roughly say there. On the SG&A question, our variable comp will be normalizing. So that will be a headwind on a year-over-year basis that we expect that to be substantially offset by the $75 million.
Mark Costa : So Jeff, one way to think about sort of the waterfall across the businesses and the cost actions is, the cost reduction actions are sort of equal to offsetting both the pension costs and the return to variable comp and inflation, right? We put all that sort of together. So sort of the fixed cost structure, if you will, is flat. The Fibers improvement offsets the normalization in CI. So you have to have a point of view that the two specialty businesses are able to deliver earnings growth over the annualized FX headwind for this year. That's another way to sort of think about how we get to sort of flat EPS, including pension is those specialty businesses have to offset basically inflation this year and growth relative to last year. We've given you a waterfall on sort of where that growth comes from.
Jeff Zekauskas : Is the pension expense cash or noncash?
Willie McLain : It is noncash. So there's no impact on our cash flow.
Mark Costa : Yes. That's why we held the guidance where we did just talk about growing earnings of the segments.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Frank Mitsch with Fermium Research.
Frank Mitsch : Willie, I'll give you a shout later on and talk about how Fermium can help on your pension plan asset returns. Mark, you mentioned in the prepared remarks that you're going to keep the cracker down through the first quarter. Can you talk about some of the factors in the outlook that you're seeing on the CI side of things and when should -- should we expect that the cracker will come back up in 2Q?
Mark Costa : Yes, our expectation is the cracker starts to come back up in Q2. Any way you can do the math on sort of cracking spreads right now last year. Remember, our crackers are a bit different where they're highly oriented towards propane versus ethane. And we're trying to make as much propylene as we can and as little ethylene as we can with the investments we've made in switching into RGP, which we're doing as much as we can because the ethylene market is very economically challenged for basically at cash costs on bulk ethylene. But as the propylene markets are starting to improve, you can sort of see that through January. The spreads, the crackers are recovering as we go through this quarter and that feeds into our expectation that, that is likely to continue or hold and we bring the cracker back up. Demand right now continues to be challenged. So we don't really need as much of the output which is why it's easy to sort of make this decision in the moment for both the demand and the cracker by point of view. But we expect demand to get better in the second quarter as well as the spreads to continue to sort of stabilize at these better margins. So that's sort of how we're looking at it at this stage.  You have to remember that propylene prices are well below any sort of historical norm to oil. They're very depressed. If you go run that analysis, it's pretty extraordinary. So we're really just trying to get back to a more normal relationship to the price of oil on propylene.
Frank Mitsch : Terrific. And then if I can ask about the second methanolysis unit in the U.S. You'd indicated in the remarks that you've made progress on permitting, but you haven't selected a location as of yet. Can you just talk about how that process plays out? I mean I don't doubt that communities would welcome a methanolysis unit in our locations, but can you talk about a little more color there?
Mark Costa : Sure. So we -- first of all, we're really excited to have this relationship with Pepsi that baseloads this facility and gives us the confidence to move quickly on this project. We are looking at multiple sites. As you might imagine, we're looking at existing sites we own and whether we can leverage all that brownfield and existing infrastructure costs down in Texas. But we're also looking at some other brownfield sites in some other states that could be attractive and evaluating the capital efficiency of each of these sites, the feedstock, benefits of each site as well as the incentives that different states are willing to provide to promote investing in the circular economy and playing a role in solving this environmental challenge. And the engagement, frankly, across the states has been really high.  And as you said, I think they're all quite interested and excited to sort of participate in this kind of a green project. But we haven't finalized that. I'm hoping within the first half of this year, we'll have that finalized and then start moving very quickly on the -- on this -- so not just incentives, but the permitting and the site development and everything else. The advantage of our new sort of standardized approach in building these plants so allows us to start the engineering now without knowing what the site is going to be. So we're already spooling up engineering for this site and designing it. And then we'll do from what is what we call inside the battery limits, the actual operating units of this plant, the sort of infrastructure will obviously be dependent on which side we finally select.
Operator: The next question comes from Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin McCarthy : A couple of questions on your capital deployment. So in the prepared remarks last night, Mark, I think you mentioned your methanolysis investments in the aggregate would cost $2.25 billion, which is up about 10% relative to your prior projections. Can you talk about how that flows through? Is it going to be ratable over the next five years or some other shape? And then related to that, are your returns still the same? In other words, are you able to perhaps extract a larger premium to offset the higher project costs? And I guess more broadly for Willie, do you think CapEx will run $700 million to $800 million over the next several years? Or again, is there a different shape to that as you execute on these investments?
Willie McLain : Kevin, thanks for the question. Yes, I would highlight here in 2022, we already invested approximately $300 million as we think about our circular investments that we highlighted in the prepared comments. So as you think about approaching $2 billion over the next three to four years. In 2022, '23, we're increasing our CapEx budget to $700 million to $800 million. That includes a step-up on a year-over-year basis. And yes, as you think about a normal, I'll call it, a large capital curve, it will definitely be over $800 million through that time horizon and probably will peak around $1 billion to $1.2 billion.
Kevin McCarthy : Okay. And then Mark...
Willie McLain : As I think about broader capital allocation...
Mark Costa : Sorry, go ahead. You're talking about the assurance, we didn't answer your question.
Kevin McCarthy : Yes, I was just going to follow up on that. I think in the past, you talked about 12% plus.
Mark Costa : Yes. So on the return front, to be clear, what we announced in the prepared remarks today around the design of the facilities is the same as what we had in our economics back in 2021 innovation phase. So the first phase was always going to be the -- around this 110,000 tons of waste being processed. And so the $450 million EBITDA has not changed, and we feel more confident in as we're actually securing prices with contracts and securing feedstock, both attainability as well as what it's going to cost supporting those economics. The capital costs being a little bit higher than what we had talked about that sort of 10% increase that we discussed in our prepared remarks don't affect the returns. We said where our returns are above 12% for the second, third project, above 15% for the first project. We said greater than -- or we have room to absorb some of these challenges you always expect them to happen, frankly, when you're doing these kinds of capital construction projects, and we always want to make sure we have robust plans for the economics to deliver returns.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew DeYoe with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Matthew DeYoe : One, I have missed this, but if we're looking at the Kingsport methanolysis unit, can we just walk through the progression from cost to profit how much commissioning costs in 2023 numbers? What do we think for how that moves to profit in 2024 and getting that full run rate earnings on that facility?
Willie McLain : Yes. So I would highlight as you think about the start-up, we're talking about roughly $35 million, including, I'll call it, the depreciation as it starts up in the back half of the year. So as we think about the first project, you should be getting to a more normalized run rate of growth in 2024. And by the end of '25, we would expect to be close to the full run rate of the plants, which we've highlighted could approach roughly $150 million per project.
Matthew DeYoe : All right. On that end, would that mean that 2024 is just neutral? Or would you see EBITDA? And then I guess just a question, you don't really talk much about buyback for next year. And I know CapEx is going up, but it still seems like maybe you have $200 million, $250 million of after dividend cash flow. Do we assume that goes to buyback or I mean your leverage is fine. Can you do in excess of that?
Willie McLain : Yes. So definitely, we expect 2024 to be accretive from our Kingsport circular methanolysis projects. So we're confident in the progress. You'll see revenue here in the back half of '23. That turns into earnings and growth in '24 and approaching those run rates as we expect these plants given, I'll call it, the market excitement that's around that in the 1,000 leads that we're already working on. As you think about...
Matthew DeYoe : Capital.
Willie McLain : On the capital front, versus share buybacks. So yes, we're -- on the capital allocation, our priorities remain the same. We increased the dividend here in the fourth quarter for 2023. Also, as we think about $700 million to $800 million of CapEx, and we're looking at prioritization of bolt-ons versus share repurchases. We're going to always fully leverage our cash flow to give shareholders return. So there is that capacity and we will put the cash to use.
Mark Costa : We always have this debate around best uses of cash in there on a principal basis. When we look at the circular platform, the capital we're deploying there has substantially better returns and valuation potential for the company than buying back stock today, and we think that's the appropriate way to deploy the capital versus buybacks on that front.
Matthew DeYoe : Sure. But that's not contemplated in the earnings guidance, right? Or is it?
Mark Costa : What?
Matthew DeYoe : Any accretion from like a deal or a buyback or anything like that? That would be a huge upside.
Willie McLain : Sure. Well, just to highlight, obviously, we executed $1 billion of share buybacks in 2022, both from our operating cash flow and the divestiture proceeds. So we will have, Ill call it, EPS accretion as a result of the full year benefit from that. Right now, that's primarily offset by higher interest expense.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Sison with Wells Fargo.
Michael Sison : Mark, just one question. You spent a lot of time over the us last several years transforming the portfolio to more specialty assets. And when you think about the performance in the second half, kind of the start of the first quarter, what can you point out to folks that demonstrate that maybe the performance has the special characteristics or maybe it's more the bounce back in the second half? And clearly, your multiple is where it should be, if it's the case. So just curious what your thoughts on that.
Mark Costa : Sure. So first of all, we think we've made tremendous progress in improving our portfolio over the years. We've obviously divested a lot of commodity businesses, acquired some great specialty businesses. In the past, if you go back to that sort of 2011, '12 time frame as well through the acquisitions to '14 and the divestitures more recently and optimize the portfolio. So I think we have a very good track record and portfolio discipline. I think last year, as you look at it, it was a uniquely challenging year for two reasons that you have to sort of consider in judging a history and a future of this portfolio. Obviously, the fourth quarter turns out was the entirety of the earnings decline from a volume mix point of view. So we were actually flat in volume and mix leading up to the fourth quarter and the entirety of the volume/mix decline was driven there. And because of some of the very unique operational challenges we had last year, those limited our ability to deliver growth, especially in Advanced Materials. So those two factors sort of constrained what was on track at the beginning of January before the Ukrainian were rapid inflation, everything else was going to be a really impressive year of earnings growth.  So I wouldn't sort of overwork on trying to interpret too much into the 2022. Our challenge and our proof point will be if we deliver this performance that we've just sort of suggested in our outlook discussion today, in this kind of challenging economic environment. That's a really strong endorsement about the quality and strength of the portfolio to manage through these challenges. There's no question, we create a lot of value in markets that have economic sensitivity, whether it's B&C or durables or auto. Auto, all last year was at recession levels. 80% below 2019 is not a good year for auto demand. And we managed to actually still do reasonably well in that business on the volume mix side. So I think we feel really good about the quality of the portfolio from a volume/mix point of view and its ability to deliver innovation and growth through all kinds of platforms, not just big circular platform we've been talking about, but cellulosics has probably $200 million upside when we go forward. over the next three, four years. And then the interlayers business, as I discussed earlier, has a tremendous amount of growth. PPF is great. Coating, adhesives has a lot of sustainable introductions to the marketplace, semiconductor leverage we have in high-purity solvency.  So growth innovation is very much there as the specialty business should have to deliver good results. Margin stability actually is on the spread side quite good. When you look at the portfolio, how it combines together to deliver steady spreads at the favorable margin level. And we've demonstrated very good commercial discipline. So what you really got last year is a manufacturing recession in one quarter and a huge currency headwind for the year. And then some limitations on how much growth we're going to have with some one-off operational issues. So I don't think there's any lack of differentiation in this portfolio or quality of that. And I think as we get through this year and start delivering pretty significant growth next year, assuming we put this recession behind us, is going to be very attractive for owners.
Operator: The next question comes from John Roberts with Crdit Suisse.
John Roberts : You had an ethylene/propylene flex project for Longview. Has that been delayed? And if you had that in place, would you have still shut down the cracker?
Mark Costa : So we're not yet constructing that project. We are completing the licensing and the early engineering work around being able to pull the trigger on that project as soon as we feel it's appropriate. We have a lot of requests for capital across our portfolio back to valuation discussion that I just commented on. It's not just circular that has a lot of capital opportunities for very attractive returns on investment. Our whole specialty portfolio has those opportunities as well. And while certainly, the current economic challenges are there, we don't see a lack of growth opportunities across our portfolio on the specialty side. So those get priority call on capital relative to the ethylene and propylene investment. It's one that we will for sure do when it's at the right time, but we're going to have to be thoughtful about how we manage our overall CapEx budget. And to answer your question, if E to P was in place, we would not be -- we would not have left as cracker down. Remember, we had it down for maintenance. We just didn't bring it back up after we completed the planned maintenance. And we would certainly pin down for the maintenance in Q4, but would have been switching to E to P right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander : Two quick ones. First, on the renewables capacity, will that inventory build show up on your P&L? Or will it be separate? And can you give us a sense for the magnitude? And secondly, on the end market comments that you're hearing from customers, I guess it looks from your presentation is if the overall theme is the industrial recession driven by destocking to recalibrate, but underlying demand is pretty solid -- is pretty stable outside the construction markets. How confident are your customers on that? Or -- and when do you think they need to -- or -- and how much warning do you think you would have if they need to recalibrate?
Mark Costa : So I'll let Willie take the first question. I'll take the second.
Willie McLain : Sure. On the Kingsport methanolysis project, obviously, we've built out the supply chain. We already have the key raw materials and lease cycle materials as part of our inventory here at year-end as we're preparing for a startup next year. So you can think about there's no significant impact of transitioning from fossil fuel feedstocks to recycled content as we go from '22 to '23 as we think about our projects, second U.S. project and the project in France. Again, we could have different operating models in the regions that those are not significant working capital builds.
Mark Costa : When it comes to your end market question, when you think about end market exposure in three buckets, right? The one that's most impacted by this sort of manufacturing recession is durables and building construction. The 40% down in durables, as we talked about earlier, down in building construction in the fourth quarter in AFP. So those markets are being very heavily impacted. And that destocking relative to the retail data is pretty significant relative to end market demand, which is still quite weak. So there's that. We do think destocking by definition as in at some point. It's hard to say exactly when, but we've told you what we're assuming, and you can factor what you want to believe into the models. When it comes to auto, auto demands are already at recession levels all last year, right? So that second bucket, which is a huge driver of profit for the industry as well as for Eastman, probably has limited downside and more upside as we go through this year, even though we are going into an economically or already in an economically challenged area where consumers have discretionary choices on where they want to spend money. So we do think that's going to sort of be stable and sort of modestly improve. And within that mix, I should have also said earlier, we are levered to the luxury market with all of our products because they're very high-value products that we're selling. And that part of the market is likely -- has held up better last year and certainly going to, I think, hold up better this year in sort of these economically sort of expensive times when it comes to interest rates. And then the third bucket, which is about half of our revenue is what we call our stable markets. This is medical, consumables, ag, food, feed, all these sort of end markets are water treatment that are very stable. Now we saw quite a bit of destocking even in the stable markets in the fourth quarter across the entire company as people were trying to get rid of high-cost inventory, generate cash for themselves. So that was a big part of the headwind too less than a percent basis, but happening everywhere as part of the challenge. There, we see that destocking playing out because their markets are stable. So there's not a lot of destocking they can actually do. So that starts to really help stabilize as we go through this quarter into second, the overall revenue base across the company.
Greg Riddle : Let's make the next question the last one, please.
Operator: Of course, our final question today comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar : So Mark, on methanolysis, you mentioned your CapEx is up 10%, but you don't expect a huge change in the returns you expect. Are you passing on the increased cost to your customers? And also, the plastics are cyclical. And so you -- if you want to get steady returns there, are your customers willing to take the cyclicality of the plastics and volatility so that you can cap steady margins?
Mark Costa : Yes. So I think from a spread point of view, the way we're sort of contracting into the PET market is with our -- what we call our circular contracting model, going to provide steady spreads between the cost of feedstock and energy and the price of material. So from a spread point of view, we expect to have quite good stability, I think Airgas company kind of model. Demand, of course, is still subject to end market demand. So when it comes to sort of the volume, there's always going to be some variability, but we're going into packaging and the consumables. So the variability in that volume on an annual basis year-over-year is pretty stable, right? So I don't have a lot of volume concerns there.  When it comes to the specialty side of this circular platform, we're not changing the end market sort of structure in both demand or how we do pricing. We're just adding recycled content as another dimension of differentiation to Tritan and all the other copolyesters in the cosmetics everything elsewhere selling. So we'll still be sensitive to demand changes when it comes to the circular platform that we'll be capturing higher margins relative to what we currently realize in these products and growing total volume quite fast, right? One of the reasons we win in the marketplace is high-value growth, driving mix upgrade against such cost leverage, right? That is very true in good times, and this will lead to much more accelerated growth from these kind of products to fixed cost leverage. But unfortunately, face downtimes like the last fourth quarter and the first quarter of this year where that mix is a headwind. But when you look at the upside in our stock, as you get through this, not just for circular, but for just market recovery, there's a huge mix upside for our company as you go into the back half of this year in '24 when you think recovery is coming, which we demonstrated coming out of 2020.
P.J. Juvekar : Mark, the Airgas or the industrial gas model hasn't really worked in plastics. What gives you confidence that this would work this time? Is it because this is such a specialty product and the consumers want it or the customers want it that you can have that kind of contract structure?
Mark Costa : Yes. So as I said, in specialty, it's just our current model. But when it comes to the PET, that's where the industrial gas model concept applies. And yes, it's a unique offering, right? We're the only large-scale company on the planet, especially in North America and Europe, who's offering recycled content from hard recycled plastics. And when you get to the food grade industry, mechanical can't remotely meet their needs. And someone has to plug that gap if they're going to hit their targets, and we are way ahead of our competition in being able to provide that service. And that's exactly what an Airgas company does to provide a service to convert a product into a highly needed input. And that's sort of where we're at today, and that's our confidence as we go forward into these three projects. And that's why we continue to maintain a discipline of not building these kind of facilities unless we get these kind of contracts because I'm not getting back into as you said, P.J., the traditional plastics business with high yield margin volatility, we just won't do that.
Greg Riddle : Okay. Thanks again for joining us today. We really appreciate it. I hope you have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation, you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Third Quarter 2022 Eastman Chemical Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman website, www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Greg Riddle: Thank you, Maxine. And good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Willie McLain, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Jake LaRoe Manager, Investor Relations. Yesterday after market closed, we posted our third quarter 2022 financial results news release and SEC 8-K filing, our slides and the related prepared remarks in the Investors section of our website on www.eastman.com. Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in our third quarter 2022 financial results news release. During this call, in the preceding slides and prepared remarks, and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-K filed for full year 2021 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for third quarter 2022. Second, earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain non-core and unusual items. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded and adjusted items are available in the third quarter 2022 financial results news release. As we posted the slides and accompanying prepared remarks on our website last night, we will now go straight into Q&A. Maxine, please lets start with our first question.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question today comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you, and good morning, everyone, and congratulations on the announcement with Pepsi. Its very exciting news. Maybe you could just talk about the balance of the customers at the facility. I don't know if you can name any of the other ones or just sort of tell us how many they are and are they contracted similarly at this point, or what's left to do there?
Mark Costa: So Vincent, great to hear from you, and we're really incredibly excited about the Pepsi contract and their commitment. And it is a significant volume for that plant as the base load for the plant. We have very active conversations going on with several other customers, but we're not in a position at this point to sort of talk about those discussions. But we do believe, the Pepsi agreement, consistent with what we're attempting to achieve with the PET market is a great endorsement and proof point about the value proposition that we can bring to solving the plastic waste crisis and create economic value for our shareholders at the same time. So, we're excited about working with them going forward.
Vincent Andrews: If I could just ask a question get your point of view on all the destocking that's going on. I know from the prepared comments, there's some thought that hopefully will end by the end of the year. But what exactly are you hearing from customers in that regard? And how do you think we'll know that it's over other than it just being over? Like what signposts are you looking for?
Mark Costa: So, it's a great question. And it's one that, as you know and everyone knows, it's a little difficult to call in the moment on what's going on in demand relative to destocking. And I think you got to take it market by market. So the place where we have the greatest headwind is in retail discretionary spend around the planet, especially in Europe and the US. What you had happened I think and it's been well documented is, we all knew there was going to be a shift from people moving back to more services probably leisure from sort of just buying consumer goods in the COVID situation. But I don't think anyone really understood the significance of that combined with extreme inflation on how much the pivot could turn into being. So, people stay committed to travel as we all know from the airlines. But with this extreme inflation affordability for everything else in our life, was very constrained. And so they've really cut back on anything that's a discretionary spend. And then you had all these ships loaded with all kinds of consumer goods caught on the ocean, caught in ports and it all showed up in the second quarter and you saw Walmart, Target, Best Buy, et cetera have a huge problem on retail inventory to sales that continues to now. Unfortunately, the wholesale chain supplying it doesn't have that much of an inventory, but you still have a huge amount of destocking occurring at the retail level. And you can see that flowing through and impacting some of our customers like Whirlpool or Electrolux and the announcements that they have out there. So you get a pretty significant decline, that's both the demand and a significant destocking event that's occurring, as we are in the fourth quarter. And I'd say, that's the one part of the market. It's a little hard to call to say, when that sort of combined destocking demand situation plays itself out. When you look at the broader set of what's going on, there are other factors impacting the market. So you've got Europe in stagflation where high energy costs and high inflation is driving a drop in consumer demand, but energy costs are staying high. You've got China with a no-COVID policy, constraining consumer behavior and a B&C industry that's been in trouble for over a year. And the US building construction market is not doing well either as you can see in all the housing data that's been coming out recently even in the third quarter GDP number. So, that impacts a lot of demand across our portfolio. The B&C is not off as much especially in North America. It's quite sort of -- there's a lot of momentum in that market of houses still being completed and painted and appliances being brought forward, but you can see that coming off as you go into next year. And then, you even have even stable markets that -- like a P&G and other markets out there, who are doing well, but they're still looking at their inventory and going to destock high-cost inventory to generate cash for the end of the year and position themselves for lower prices in the future. So, you've got modest destocking going on in stable markets that I think will play itself out by the end of the year. You've got Europe and China which has been challenged for a while, so that destocking I think is largely playing itself out by the end of the year. The US has more in the earlier phase of that destocking and change for what's going on in the marketplace. So, those are sort of the way we see it around the world. And then, you've got positives, right? So the automotive trends are good. You've got recovery that we're already seeing as a benefit in the third quarter and sequential improvements into the fourth quarter. You've got the EV trends, where we make an exceptionally large amount of money relative to an ICE car 2.5, three times as much value. So, as those are becoming more part of the mix that gives us another mix upgrade. And you've got consumers that are still in a financial -- consumers in a financial system are still relatively healthy, that sort of balances out some of these trends. So, we think that a good amount, greater than 50% of destocking plays itself out through the end of the fourth quarter. And so that means, as you look at next year, with the destocking being more behind us and returning to sort of what we're thinking about as mild recession terms, demand improves in a meaningful way as you get past the fourth quarter from a primary market demand point of view. And then on top of that, as we look at next year, if we get innovation happening across our marketplace that's going to drive a lot of growth. And you've got the lack of the outages that we had this year that hit us by about $100 million of missed volume mix that put us well below market demand this year. So, there's a lot of upside in that available capacity and a lower planned shutdown schedule in a meaningful way next year that gives us more volume to sell. So, there's a lot of reasons that as we get through this quarter, some of this destocking behind us, that volume next year will be better, even in a mild recession.
Vincent Andrews: Sounds good. Thanks, so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
David Begleiter: Good morning. Mark, on the $150 million of cost you've targeted for next year, how much is structural and how much is somewhat temporary? Does that include the lower shutdown costs or turnaround costs next year versus this year?
Willie McLain: Good morning, David. Thanks for the question. This is Willie. As we think about the $150 million, I would look at it in two buckets. Roughly $100 million, we expect to be on the manufacturing front. And obviously, as we've talked about inflation being a key factor, as you think about the demand that we had in the first half of 2022 along with the outages, that's driven a lot of inefficiency. And we expect that to be a large component as you think about contractors, as you think about the level over time. So, I do view that as structural, as we get back to operating in a call it a more controlled demand environment that we'll be taking a significant amount of that type of cost out of our system. There will be, I'll call it a lower amount of planned turnarounds. That will be, I'll call it a smaller portion of that $100 million that we see in the manufacturing space. As it comes to the nonmanufacturing that's about one-third, of the actions that we see. And in many cases what I would say is, the level of consulting spend discretionary, so that's more of I would say variable versus structural in the current environment as we expect to continue to invest in the growth programs, as was just highlighted. With the third project gaining momentum with our circular investments, we will balance that out of $150 million structural/discretionary to ensure that we can continue those investments. 
David Begleiter: Very good. And Mark just Slide 12, looking at initial 2023 guidance perhaps. It looks like you're looking at perhaps, a modest maybe 5%-type EPS growth year-over-year. Is that in that ballpark? 
Mark Costa: Well, good question, Dave. We're not going to be giving quantitative guidance about 2023 versus this year, which we still have to finish out. But what I would say is, we look at the tailwinds and the headwinds in a mild recessionary environment, we think we're in a good position. It's obviously, a very dynamic time right now whether it's what's going to happen in China, the Ukraine war or inflation et cetera. There's a lot of uncertainty and that certainly goes back to a trade war in 2019 and a pandemic in 2020. What we know is the market is challenged as I just said around the short term in the recessionary environment that the manufacturing world seems to be entering. And I do think, a lot of the destocking will play itself out. So, we're really focused on what we can control. And I think the volume and growth side of things, is in a good position with over $400 million of new business revenue closes on innovation. We've got a lot of tailwinds whether it's the multifunctional layers growing and EVs, the tremendous success we're having in our paint protection films growth, we're seeing in Tetrashield and food and beverage cans. Really seeing a lot of growth continuing even in the semiconductor environment, for our high-purity solvents, as we expand the product portfolio there in sustainable coating items, et cetera. So a lot of innovative growth going. And I do think there's a meaningful tailwind that comes out of the lack of unplanned outages, that we had this year next year, and then less planned outages obviously helps as well. So, that's one component.  An equally important component, is spread improvement, right? So when you think about what we've been through in the last two years, right you had about $1.3 billion of inflation in 2021 and we had pricing in place that caught most of it, but we still had some spread compression in the specialties in the back half of 2021. So when we started this year, we had a view that we're going to have $500 million of inflation this year. We have pricing in place to deliver a much greater than $100 million of spread improvement in the specialties. We didn't plan on having another $900 million of inflation through the rest of the year, so a total of $1.4 billion. When you sort of take our view of the fourth quarter here, it's a significant headwind. And the teams have done a phenomenally good job of keeping pricing going with the strength of our value propositions, and the specialties to keep pace with all of that inflation. And of course, Chemical Intermediates has done well in the first half of the year. But while we kept pace, we didn't recover the spreads that we were aiming to get from what we sort of gave up in the back half of 2021. So there's that opportunity that's still in front of us. And with inflation being as high as it is now, that opportunity is much greater in how raw material and distribution costs could fall and what the spread tailwind will be next year, as we're going to continue to have very strong discipline in pricing, because we are committed to getting our margins back to 2019 levels, before all this inflation chaos started. So I think that's a pretty significant upside. I think an equally significant upside, is a real change in the Fibers business. As we've told you, we faced a lot of inflation and increasing operating costs in the Fibers business in 2021 and 2022 and that's pushed our margins down pretty significantly. And there was a recognition, with our customers already this year that those costs needed to be recovered for us to be a reliable and sustainable supplier to them. And you've already seen us have a lot of price increases this year, but it's only covered a portion of that inflation as far as the recovery goes. And we've already succeeded in locking in contracts with a significant portion of our customers with prices that will allow us to significantly improve our earnings relative to this year. In fact, so much so that we believe it would offset what we've said in our prepared remarks about the normalization of Chemical Intermediates. So that's a significant improvement in earnings taking us back many years into where that business will sit and be much more sustainable, more profitable, more cash-driven business. And then as we just discussed we got $150 million of cost reductions. So a lot of tailwinds that offset those headwinds that we have with pension costs and gross spend and currency so  and interest expense. So net-net I think in a mild recession will be greater than this year but I'm not about to quantify how much.
David Begleiter: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan Chase. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. What's the financial terms of your agreement with Pepsi? How do you price the material to them, or how do they buy it from you? 
Mark Costa: Thanks Jeff. So we're very excited about this commitment with Pepsi. And we don't discuss the specific contract terms with any of our customers. And in this case in particular, we view our contracting approach for the circular economy as a competitive advantage. What I can tell you is the contract did align with our circular contracting strategy that we've discussed with investors in the past. These agreements really demonstrate that molecular recycling is an essential part of solving the plastic waste crisis in sort of collaboration with mechanical recycling industry. And we really view this Pepsi commitment, which is one of the most significant and most successful brands in the world that they see the value in what we're doing both from an environmental point of view and it also demonstrates that we have an economically viable platform when we meet these terms in this contract strategy. So when you think about the principles that are behind this contract strategy for these types of contracts, we will have margin stability in how the product is sold to them and it's structured relative to what goes on in the marketplace. And these contracts will be long-term and have a in this case a sufficient base load for us to commit to this third plant. So we can see a clear vision of the cash flow necessary to provide appropriate return on investment on this. So it's a really exciting situation we find ourselves in. And I would say that back to Vince's question there's a lot of companies out there who are excited. We have over 1000 SSOs already for our first plant. We're going to be starting up in the spring of next year on a wide range of specialty products. The brand engagement in Europe is incredibly strong both in specialty as well as in PET. And I think it's really a significant proof point when we get this contract, that there has to be a pathway for hard-to-recycle materials back to food grade to sort of truly have a circular economy in that marketplace that we can partner with mechanical recyclers. It's an essential part of solving this problem that we're going to do this at a lower carbon footprint, and make sure that we have a very minimal impact on the communities that we operate in. And importantly, we need to make sure we don't move to other materials. Plastic is by far the most carbon-efficient product out there for these applications. And if we don't use plastic then we're going to have a huge impact negatively on climate, if we start moving to glass aluminum as well as other products. And frankly in many applications there just isn't an alternative material that's going to work for the brands. So for us we think this is a big part of the circular economy and we feel great about working with Pepsi as an anchor client. 
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay. And then for my follow-up, in Chemical Intermediates, are you closing one of your smaller crackers permanently, or what are you doing with your closure? And can you discuss what's going on with propylene spreads in that it doesn't look like people can make money taking propane to propylene at this particular point in time? How is the propane/propylene dynamic affected Eastman during the year relative to last year or now relative to previous quarters?
Willie McLain: Okay. Jeff, this is Willie. I'll answer the first part of the question as we think about our operations. So as we've highlighted earlier, given the -- one the amount of inflation that we've seen this year in working capital and through raw materials, we're looking at that in concert with the demand that we see and we've highlighted the destocking that we expect -- have seen in late Q3 and we're seeing here in Q4. So as we're in a planned turnaround for one of our crackers at our Longview Texas site, we're taking that opportunity to keep it down the remainder of the year to ensure that in our olefin stream that we bring our inventories back in line and that we also move through some of the higher cost both from an energy and raw material front and get that through this year so that we're better positioned in 2023 from both an operation and supply chain and working capital standpoint. As we think about propylene and propylene margins, what I would highlight is again, we continue to optimize our operations. We've made the investment in the refinery-grade propylene. That is continuing to play off quite well as we see the current economic environment. And also again, our propylene derivatives have continued to perform strongly in the first half. And while those margins are normalizing some in the second half as we had expected, this is still a very strong part of Chemical Intermediates and is delivering the cash for the company.
Mark Costa: Yeah. I'd also add Jeff that our teams on the commercial side are doing just an excellent job of pricing discipline. So we don't sell propylene, right? We sell derivatives. And those prices we were able to hold those prices flat to Q2 sequentially through the third quarter. There will certainly be prices coming off and some of these customer contracts or cost pass-through contracts who are tied to propylene that -- so you'll see prices starting to come down in the fourth quarter. But our view is pricing discipline in times of sort of economic transition like this is incredibly important versus chasing demand that's frankly not there because they're destocking anyway. So from an earnings and cash point of view, we're managing a trade-off between volume and price in a market where we're waiting to see where primary demand really settles and holding on to value as long as we can.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Duffy Fischer from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Duffy Fischer: Yes. Good morning. First question Mark, when you look at what your expected sales are for the fourth quarter and look at what your planned operating rates are, did you bring operating rates down enough that you don't think you'll build inventory, or what will you do with your inventory throughout fourth quarter if the numbers hit the budget you have planned?
Willie McLain: Duffy, we are expecting -- this is Willie, we're expecting a decline in sequential revenue and volume numbers. We're adjusting our operating rates not only for that, but we're looking to take our inventory quantities down somewhere between 5% and 10% on top of that. Obviously, we've highlighted the steps that we're taking within our olefin streams, but we're managing that across the enterprise and the portfolio. The utilization rates and the impact on our P&L from that is baked into our guidance. At this point, what I would also highlight is what we see here in October from an order and demand pattern is basically in line with our expectation as we've outlined.
Mark Costa: Yeah. We made a decision that cash is an incredibly important part of any company and certainly in our value proposition. And it's obviously very challenging here when it comes to cash with working capital and all the inflation that we're trying to manage. But we are focused on generating cash in the fourth quarter and taking the actions necessary to do that as our priority and positions us well for next year in how we sort of drive forward and run our plants next year well; as well as position for lower-cost raw material that we're going to be purchasing; that we believe we already see the trends now in the marketplace of raw materials coming off that we'll see already flowing through in the first quarter and how to position ourselves even better for that in January.
Duffy Fischer: Okay. Thanks. And then the issues you've had with shipping out of the East Coast, the port issues, what's the resolution to that? Have you found alternate routes but maybe more expensive ones doing trucking or rail to get to other ports? As we get into the first half of next year, is that something that's going to continue to be a headwind for you guys, or do you have solutions outside of -- again hopefully the ports themselves just getting better over time?
Mark Costa: First of all, the ports themselves are getting better. And with the reduction in demand in the US, as well as in other economies, the amount of trade occurring on a lot of what we were shipping in containers out of those ports has lowered itself. So the logistic constraints are not a major factor in the fourth quarter and we don't expect it next year. In fact, we expect to see a significant distribution cost tailwind for us next year relative to this year for two reasons, one with demand as tight as it was and all the challenges we had in keeping customers supplied, we use a lot of different expensive modes of transportation to make sure we honored our commitments to our customers. And so those modes were a higher cost to us some of which we passed on in pricing, but some of which is something we're not going to use next year and pick up a cheaper position in how we transport products from a mode point of view. And then, of course, distribution rates are coming down. You can see it on major routes like the dramatic drop in container costs between China and here. So we really do think this goes from a significant logistics constraint on volume limitations this year that we couldn't serve even though demand was there, and very high modes and rates to a meaningful tailwind next year as we optimize our operations and our distribution to a softer environment.
Duffy Fischer: Great. Thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Frank Mitsch from Fermium Research. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Frank Mitsch: Hey, good morning folks. One of the more surprising thing, I want to come back to the fibers contracts for 2023, because that seems impressive that you're able to drive that much profit growth already signed up for next year. And also in the prepared remarks, it said that it's going to bring the levels back to sustainable investment levels. Are you indicating that perhaps we might see capacity expansions in this business? And any other color you could give us in terms of why we're seeing such a step change for 2023 would be helpful.
Mark Costa: Yeah. So to be clear we're not intending to add tow capacity. So let's just make sure we're clear about that. When we talked about getting sustainable margin levels it's to be a reliable supplier. When you look at the situation we had a view of the market declining 2% to 3% in tow year-over-year and it's now changed to being flat to down 1%, partly because the overall market just isn't declining as much as people thought and equally important the heat-not-burn market is growing phenomenally fast. So companies like Philip Morris and the other brands had these very successful heat-not-burn products, and they still use quite a bit of tow. And so thinking it hadn't included how that would offset the tow decline in the traditional products. So when you put it all together, you've got a much more stable end market situation than I think what people expected. Second and this is unique to Eastman is textile growth has been fantastic and we continue to see strong interest in our product. When you think about a product that's made from half certified -- sustainably certified forest wood pulp and the other half now being recycled plastic, it's just to create value proposition on beginning of life. And in the life concerns about microfibers from textiles ending up in the ocean are certified to biodegrade that's a very strong value proposition for the marketplace and we're seeing just great brand engagement on that. So you've got growth in that that's more than offsetting the decline in tow that we see. So our assets are tight. And then you combine those two facts with less supply being available, because what we have done actually is repurposed some of our tow assets to making textiles. So that took some capacity out of the marketplace. Other companies have optimized their capacity whether it's in Mexico or now because of the Ukraine war in Russia, you've got less supply than existed several years ago. So in that conversation, our customers really want to make sure we're going to be a very highly reliable supplier to them to meet their needs. And for that to be the case we need margins at a better level than where they're at right now. So we're able to get price increases this year and add on pretty meaningful price increases next year to get us back to more appropriate margins for this business. And so it's...
Frank Mitsch: Well, they say, there's no business like tow business.
Mark Costa: Yeah. So just one thing I wanted to mention is that, the contracts also include provisions to adjust for changes in variable cost, which we didn't have in the past. So that makes them a little bit more predictable too on how they're going to perform.
Frank Mitsch: Got you, got you. And I also wanted to ask about in this environment it's very helpful to have an asset footprint that skews more towards the U.S. than Europe. But you still have a lot of assets over in that part of the world. We're starting to see some other companies talk about rationalizing capacity in that part of the world. And I'm wondering what your thoughts are on the long-term viability of your assets over in Europe.
Mark Costa: So first when it comes to Eastman, about 75% of our production from a volume point of view is in the United States right? So, that's a significant competitive advantage for us on an energy cost basis relative to other markets. And you have to remember that 55% of revenue is outside the U.S. And most of what we sell in Europe and China, in particular are our specialties. So we in how we serve our global markets are in a very strong cost position. Obviously currency is not helping at the moment. But long-term, I think that energy position is going to be a strong competitive advantage. When it comes to Europe, our asset base in Europe is a lot smaller than it used to be after we sold the tires and adhesives business which has significant assets and energy-intensive assets in Europe. So with what's left now, we have our Interlayers plants and a small Performance Films plant which are more electricity driven and not that energy intensive. Our most energy-intensive asset is our Amines facility in Belgium. So the segment that's most impacted by us is AFP when it comes to high energy costs, where for that segment about 35% of their production as is based in Europe. And so they're seeing a pretty significant energy headwind. If you just look at the fourth quarter it's probably a $20 million headwind that they're facing on a year-over-year basis relative to sort of where they were a year ago, for just that segment. But none of these assets are in a position where we were concerned about them being economically shut in because the costs are so high. And we feel we have a very good plan in place especially in Belgium to feel that we'll get the natural gas supply that we need through the winter. So on top of it a lot of teams working to make sure everything has got supply agreements in place, so we don't get rationed. And we don't have a concern around the economic impact from a viability of the assets.
Frank Mitsch: Got you. Thank you so much.
Mark Costa: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew DeYoe from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Matthew DeYoe: Good morning everyone. So I believe this morning you have some euro-denominated debt maturities approaching. Does it make sense to take that out with USD debt? And how are you thinking about the term-loan? I guess as well what are the implications for next year's interest expense with all this? And does this kind of shift your commitment to the buyback?
Willie McLain: Okay. What I would highlight is to your point, we've got a roughly 700 million -- 750 million coming due in May of next year. I would say treasury team is proactively looking at how we will manage that. You can expect us to probably put some things in place here in Q4 and finish things off in early Q1. As we've seen rates move compared to that it's probably call it roughly a $25 million to $30 million headwind on a year-over-year basis based on the rates that we see now. As we think about the share buyback, we're still committed to the $1 billion that we outlined for this year. And also as we think about cash flow and strategic cash available as we look into 2023 with what Mark outlined I see operating cash flow in a normalized working capital environment and also with the ability to increase our cash earnings of potentially being $300 million to $400 million higher on an operating cash flow basis. So, absent with that less our dividend that puts us at $1 billion plus of strategic cash for our organic growth strategy as well as bolt-on and share repurchases in 2023. And you got to believe in 2024 that we're back to that $1.6 billion or above operating cash flow. 
Matthew DeYoe: Thanks Willie. And I guess following the agreement with Interzero what percent of your France facility is now feedstock locked in or contracted or secured? 
Mark Costa: We've said the Interzero contract worth about 20,000 tons and we're building in two phases 150,000-ton plant. So, it's a good step, but it's not a huge percent of the plant. I would say we have other agreements under discussion right now that would get us close to what we need for start-up and feel very good about that and the progress we're making. It's pretty remarkable when you think about that we're locking in contracts for when these plants start out in the 2025-2026 timeframe and getting these commitments. And most importantly, what I'm most excited about is the fact that these conversations with these mechanical recyclers are coming to a viewpoint that we need to collaborate together. Mechanical recycling is vital to solve the plastic waste crisis. They have a low energy footprint. And where they can take waste back mechanically into applications is great and that's what should happen. Unfortunately, there's a huge amount of packaging waste out there as well as textile and carpet waste that cannot be easily mechanically recycled especially when I'm talking about going back to food grade. There's real limitations on what you can do in mechanical recycling back to food grade. And so we become an essential partnership to really create a circular economy in that sort of high-value packaging market and they see that. Also there's a long-term viability question with mechanical recycling because the polymer degrades over time and really has some sort of performance quality issues after several heat cycles. And we can take that degraded polymer and bring it back to life through our facility. And so it's a partnership that really allows mechanical recycling companies to have a long-term future allows plastic to have an infinite life in how it can be recycled at a little much lower carbon footprint than the current process. So, they see -- Interzero sees that a couple of other announcements you'll hopefully see before the end of the year is an acknowledgment that the system requires collaboration to really bring -- and keep the most carbon-efficient material in use in a way that doesn't impact the environment.
Matthew DeYoe: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Aleksey Yefremov from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead, your line is now open.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thanks. Good morning everyone. Could you discuss what share of the third methanolysis facility is covered by the Pepsi agreement? Is this enough for you to make FID? And if so when are you planning to break ground? 
Mark Costa: So, we're not going to disclose the volume. As I said before, we don't discuss sort of specific contract terms with our customers. In this case, what I can tell you is this commitment was the key milestone we needed to achieve to feel we could have confidence in the economics to move forward in starting the engineering work and in the planning to construct this plant in the US. So, both the contract terms, the length of the contract, and the size of the contract give us confidence to start aggressively moving forward in the construction of this third plant. So, that's where we needed to be and we're excited about this partnership. And I would also note that there's a lot of other customers who are very interested in this capacity. So, we'll be accelerating those conversations now that we've got the sort of base load position set to get you some additional customer announcements.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thanks Mark and staying with recycling it looks like virgin plastics prices are falling in many cases and so as the feedstock for mechanical recycling, does that change your discussions with potential suppliers of feedstock and also with potential customers for your recycled materials in any way basically the current market conditions? 
Mark Costa: Yes. I don't think it's changing anything significantly. There's obviously going to be ebbs and flows with supply and demand in the packaging industry which compared to consumer durables is a far more steady industry. So, what I also like about the circular platform is, it improves our revenue coming from much more stable end markets from a demand point of view which is a nice upgrade to our portfolio.  But when it comes to sort of the trends in prices especially in the economic chaos we've had of extreme inflation and then now companies hoping for cheaper prices in the future you're going to see a lot of short-term volatility that we don't see any of our customers getting distracted by it because they're looking at how do they hit commitments in 2025 and 2030 right?  That's what all these discussions are about. It's not about what is my composition of virgin versus rPET in 2022 right, that's just not how they think about it. They think about how I build a roadway to 2025 hitting those commitments. But in the short term if I need to save a little money, I'm going to make trade-offs on what I'm buying today but they're not -- they can't back off of their commitments.  And in Europe it's not a choice for the brands, right? It's a mandate in government legislation. So, in Europe if you don't hit your recycling targets you're starting to pay some pretty significant taxes and that's a real bad look for brands of not solving the recycling content and solving it by paying a tax coming up short in their targets. So, in Europe you've got very sort of structural reasons that they have to stay committed to how they're going to solve this problem. Mechanical recycling infrastructure is not remotely capable of providing enough recycled material to the packaging industries, that's where our value proposition shows up. 
Aleksey Yefremov: Thanks Mark.
Operator: The next question comes from P.J. Juvekar from Citi. Please go ahead. Your line is now open. 
P.J. Juvekar: Mark, I have a question -- another question on inventories as it relates to cash flows. Your cash flow from operation is down more than 50%. You pointed out the hit from working capital being $500 million hit. So, I guess my question is how much of that is from your actual cost going up for raw materials? And how much of this is from level of inventories going up? And when -- can you describe where inventories got to in terms of days and where do you think that will go? So that's my first question. 
A  Willie McLain: Thanks P.J. for the question. What I would highlight as we went into the second half of the year, we had some large turnarounds as we've highlighted here in both Q3 and Q4. So, we were building inventories going into the second half. I would highlight at that point there was probably roughly half of raw material energy inflation and half quantity.  We brought those quantities back down through Q3 and we'll be expecting that by year-end effectively the entire increase is raw material and energy inflation. So, bringing our DQO/DIO numbers back inline with the prior year-end. 
Mark Costa: I mean if you think about the first eight months, we are trying to ship things as fast as we can make it in serving market demand, really through most of August. Some of that was outage related and raw material availability-related interlayers that constrained our ability to supply markets. But demand was great. It was just a logistics or a production constraint in getting it all served. But the market has obviously shifted pretty dramatically in September and through this quarter in destocking. 
P.J. Juvekar: Thank you. And I appreciate your discussion of a mild recession in your prepared comments. You mentioned amines acetic anhydride and plasticizers to kind of hold up even if olefins decline. Amines and plasticizers have been cyclical in the past. So why do you think they'll hold up in a mild recession here? Thank you.
Mark Costa: Yes, sure. So one of the things that's, been an important evolution of our portfolio in CI, is the growth in functional amines. When you look at that business tied to ag, which is obviously having a good year this year and expect to have a good year next year, and so we are tied to ag demand, but has phenomenally attractive and very stable margins because most -- almost all of that business is in cost pass-through contracts. So that business didn't have market tightness driving spreads up in the last two years, and it's not going to have market looseness driving spreads down because they're CPTs. So that's just a great business and really quite attractive, just like the care chemical business and AFP. When it comes to acetyls, you've got a business. Acetic anhydride, relative to other acetyls is actually very stable in its margin. So again, it didn't have a fly-up in margins in 2021, 2022 and it's not going to have a big decrease in margins when the market soften. It's just the nature of those end markets like pharma and food applications are more stable, in what happens with them on a margin basis. But margins will certainly come off a bit there, but they will be more than offset by much higher volume. We had significant restraints on volume this year at acetyl production because we had some significant planned shutdowns. And then, the outage has impacted their production run rates as well. So without the planned shutdowns and sort of better operations, we have a significant volume upside that we're confident, we can place in the marketplace to sort of have acetyls be relatively stable to this year. And then specialty plasticizers, which are sort of benzoic derivative products again, historically very stable and reliable. And when you put those three together, that's 50% of the EBITDA of the segment, right? So general plasticizers in our case DOTP, as well as all the other olefin derivatives is the other half. And when you look at that part, that most volatility usually comes from the bulk ethylene, as opposed to the derivatives. And you can go do the math and see that the margins in the bulk ethylene are already incredibly low. We've one reduced it as much as possible as Willie said, using RGP to sort of minimize ethylene production. But the margins, are sort of a cash cost in the back half of the year and weren't great in the second quarter. So, looking at next year that's not a sequential headwind in 2023 to 2021 -- to 2022, in any meaningful way. So it's -- you're now a little down to olefin derivatives pricing coming off. But when you think about that, half the earnings is in these very good businesses that are very stable. The bulk ethylene headwind is behind us, to a large extent. So the amount of decline you can have in the olefin derivatives, even if it's significant it still allows us to be at that sort of normalized $300 million rate that we talked about. So that's sort of, how we sort of look through all that. And so we feel that's actually great performance in a mild economic recession for this business. And in the total portfolio, so it will be offset by fibers which allows specialties to drive our earnings growth. 
P.J. Juvekar: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Laurence Alexander from Jefferies. Please go ahead, Laurence. Your line is now open. 
Laurence Alexander: Good morning.. So I just wanted to flesh out the discussion on pricing, and sort of the price initiative-driven spread expansions. Are you seeing any change in the volume elasticity of demand in response to price initiatives particularly in Europe, where I guess the slowdown has been going on the most? 
Mark Costa: Well, I think you have to get clear about what is primary demand in the marketplace, what is destocking and then what may be driven by pricing, whether it's destroying end market demand or losing share to competitors where you have to examine the price question. We're not seeing any sort of specific destruction in demand because of our pricing, at the consumer level. Frankly, when you get to the price of the product on the shelf, our component of almost every customer's cost structure is really quite small. So, we're not really a driver of where they go on the pricing on the shelf when it comes to consumers. When it comes to share loss, we're keeping a very close eye on as our pricing driving any share loss especially around the commodities for that matter, and we're not seeing any of that. Now, it's a little hard to see through that when you've got destocking going on. So you never know quite, is it then just pulling inventory down or shifting share? It takes a few quarters to sort of figure all that out. But what we can see right now, based on the end market information we have is, our -- what we're seeing in demand drop aligns with what's happening at the market and what the retailers are doing in destocking. So we feel being very disciplined on price and holding firm on that while we wait for market clarity is the right strategy. And we have very strong value propositions that allowed us to increase prices to cover $1.4 billion of inflation this year. So we're confident we can hold our prices relative to how raw material and distribution costs decline next year to improve our spreads back to more appropriate levels. So, we're feeling good about that. We just need the raw material declines we're already seeing to continue happening into next year and also the same on the distribution costs. You'll notice, I'm not saying energy as a tailwind, because I think that's a lot less certain on where energy goes. And so we're not assuming a tailwind in energy next year with all the dynamics going on around the world.
Laurence Alexander: Okay. And then just the -- a couple of years ago, like one of the debates around the Green Premium was that as you brought up -- aim to bring on larger facilities that premium would compress. And it doesn't sound like that's happening. Is that right, or can you characterize how resilient? If anything is the Green Premium increasing as the CPG companies realize how tight their supply renewable or recycled product is going to be?
Mark Costa: Yes. So first, I don't think we've ever thought the Green Premium was going to compress over time at least not over the next decade, because the supply and infrastructure needed to solve the plastic waste crisis at a lower carbon footprint. So we're making both climate and waste better. It's just significantly beyond what we and others can add to solve that, right? So, simple macroeconomics demand is going to be a lot greater than supply for quite some time. So, the value proposition of recycled content in polymer is a true specialty product for some period of time here in what it uniquely brings to the marketplace. At some point, is it possible that people add a lot of capacity? Sure. But that's way out in the future for when that starts sort of exceeding demand.
Laurence Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin McCarthy from VRP. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes. Good morning, everyone. Would you discuss your capital budget profile for this year and next? It looks as though you took $100 million out of the plan for this year. Are there any projects that you're rethinking in this environment, or is that more of a timing issue whereby it would shift into 2023?
Willie McLain: Good morning, Kevin. Thanks for the question. So, as you think about cash flow progression, obviously, we've evaluated our portfolio of capital and we've taken actions on both fronts. So there's both timing as we've highlighted earlier this year. Some projects were getting pushed out as a result of supply chain issues. Those are resulting in some of those cash flows now falling into 2023. Additionally, again, we've reduced and focused our portfolio. We're investing to ensure that; one, that the safety and we maintain our plants well; two, that we continue to grow our core specialties; and then three, as we spent time today talking about our circular platform. And I'll use that to bridge in the 2023 expectation. So, what I would say is in a mild recession scenario, a range of where we are currently at $600 million or it could be as much as $100 million or $200 million higher as we make progress on all three of our projects. So as Mark highlighted, the fact that we'll be completing -- mechanically complete here at the end of the first quarter of our Kingsport methanolysis facility and as we make progress on both our France project and our third project here that will be in the US that will increase the level of capital. And we're confident in the cash flow that we're going to generate and allocating a significant portion of that strategic cash to our innovation-driven growth model and the circular platform. 
Mark Costa: And the key to winning at times like this is staying focused on how you're going to create value long-term and making sure you're positioning yourself for the other side of an economic correction to be the winner. So we're not losing sight of that. We may adjust the timing of some projects relative to when we expect the demand necessary. And frankly the softening economy will make construction costs cheaper. So it will actually help us out in some of this inflationary element of CapEx costs. 
Kevin McCarthy: Okay. That's helpful. And then secondly for Willie on slide 12, you referenced a pension and OPEB headwind of $100 million. What is driving that? And is there any cash attached to it in terms of what you may have to inject, or is it strictly a P&L issue? 
Willie McLain: So, let me first start with our pension plans are well-funded. Two, there's no near-term cash requirements that we would expect. Our large US pension plans are still today roughly 100%-plus funded. The key factors here are really about the accounting. At the end of the day, discount rates and interest rates have gone up. So we'll have a gain at the end of the year in our mark-to-market. That comes back in as a higher interest cost in 2023. Additionally with investment performance this year the asset base has deteriorated. But ultimately that will result in lower return on asset. So bottom-line is from a cash and from a funding standpoint there are no issues. I would just attribute this to mark-to-market accounting and the volatility that we're seeing in both interest and assets here in 2022. 
Kevin McCarthy: Got it. Thank you very much.
Greg Riddle: Let take this question, the last one please.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today comes from John Roberts from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
John Roberts: Thank you. Two quick ones here. One is since Interzero is burning the waste plastic you're going to get in Europe are you going to pay something just over fuel value for that waste? And then secondly, in your 2023 guidance you've got pension costs going up. I don't think I've heard of anyone actually talking about higher pension costs in 2023 yet. So maybe you could tell us how that's coming about. 
Mark Costa: So Interzero, we're not going to disclose the price we're paying for the material, but it is a very attractive price that supports our economics. And there's a whole spectrum from things that go to waste things that are going to park benches to some modestly higher down-cycled applications. And so it's a portfolio managing on price to make sure the sort of average comes out. And we're seeing that very much on track with the economics of these platforms delivering $450 million of EBITDA across these three projects when they're all up and running. So feel good about the pricing that we're getting as well as where the feedstock price is set. And then on pension I'll let... 
Greg Riddle: Yes, John, I thought the last question was on the pension. So it has been answered.
John Roberts: Got it. Thank you.
Greg Riddle: Go ahead, Jake.
Jake LaRoe: Yes.
End of Q&A:
Jake LaRoe: Okay. This concludes our call for this morning. Thank you very much for your time and for joining us and your interest in Eastman. Have a great rest of your day. 
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Second Quarter 2022 Eastman Chemical Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. This call is broadcast live on the Eastmans website, www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle, Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Greg Riddle: Thank you, Tracy. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Willie McLain, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Jake LaRoe, Manager, Investor Relations. Yesterday after market closed, we posted our second quarter 2022 financial results news release and SEC 8-K filing, our slides and the related prepared remarks in the Investors section of our website, www.eastman.com. Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in our second quarter 2022 financial results news release. During this call, in the preceding slides and prepared remarks and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-K filed for full year 2021 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for second quarter 2022. Second, earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain non-core and unusual items. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures including a description of the excluded and adjusted items are available in the second quarter 2022 financial results news release. As we posted the slides and accompanying prepared remarks on our website last night, we will now go straight into Q&A. Tracy, please lets start with our first question.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] We will now take our first question from Aleksey Yefremov from KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Aleksey Yefremov: Yes, thank you. Good morning, everyone. Can you just talk about the reduction in freight cost [Technical Difficulty]  partnership with the mechanical guys to hence solve that challenge. So, I feel really good about how its going.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks a lot, Mark.
Operator: We will now take our next question from John Roberts from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Please go ahead
Mark Costa: John, we can't hear you.
John Roberts: I'm sorry, I was on mute. Mark, are you still ramping up mixed waste plastic into the gasifier? And how far do you think you can take that? What are the theoretical limits?
Mark Costa: So John, yeah, we still are ramping up that project. And thank you for reminding everyone that it's not just methanolysis, which is incredibly exciting and has a huge amount of economic potential, as well as impact on improving the environment. Our cellulosic opportunities are also quite strong in this marketplace, and that's where we go with this gas. So we have multiple options on how to ramp up the feed. And we - as we look at the demand curve in front of us for the next 3 years, we believe we can ramp it up to serve all that demand growth. We're not going to talk about the technical details of this, but we're very confident that there's no constraint in our ability to grow with the market. And the market is really expanding and going really incredibly well. So you've got the Naia textile fibers that even in a down textile market today is actually - demand exceeding supply, and we're working on how to expand capacity, the value - the sustainable proposition of a biopolymer where the microfibers that might break off from the ocean by a degree is just very compelling. And then you add in recycle plastic and it's a trifecta win on the environmental with bio recycled in bio degradable. We've got great progress going on the microbeads, now to the biodegradable additives for cosmetic applications that we told you about Innovation Day. And the Evento [ph] program is also making tremendous progress in the marketplace around how we can sort of replace polystyrene and food service and some other applications. So we're really excited to grow - expectations are sort of honestly exceeding you know, what we imagine. So we're working hard on how we're going to debottleneck capacity to keep pace with it all, on the polymer side, as well as how we take in the waste plastic. So it's all going really well.
John Roberts: And then did you finish the ethylene to propylene conversion project that you were working on? It sounded like that in the release, but I thought that was still yet to come.
Mark Costa: No, John, it's just to come. We did the RGP project. As you know, a couple of years ago that allowed us to reduce a good portion of our ethylene production you know, switches to - to propylene and through our crackers as we change the mix to use RGP instead of ethane. So that's full tilt right now, you can do the math and see that ethylene prices are pretty much down to cash cost in the second quarter, as well as - as we go forward in the third. So we're pushing that as much as we possibly can. But the ETP is an investment we need to make going forward. And it is a great investment. It's just a timing question of getting it done. But it would remove the entirety of our bulk ethylene exposure on the marketplace and switch it to propylene whenever we want to have the flexibility to go back and forth. So that means great we can sell it better. In times like this, we can completely eliminate any book ethylene, and that would take a lot of volatility out of the business.
John Roberts: When does that actually get done then?
Mark Costa: It takes about 2 years to get build, John. So it's not really going to have an impact until you look out and say it's like 2024, '25.
John Roberts: Okay. Thank you
Mark Costa: From where we are today.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Josh Spector from UBS. Please go ahead.
Josh Spector: Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to dig into some of the sequential outlook for AM, you're forecasting up 10% sequentially. Your full year comments kind of impact 4Q could be flattish sequentially. Typically, there's a pretty big step down in 4Q and then followed by a pretty step - big step up into the first quarter next year. So wondering if you could walk through that 4Q thought versus 1Q, what drives 4Q flattish? And what should we expect 1Q up into next year off of that level? Thanks.
Mark Costa: So in the back half of the year, as we look at the trend rates that we had in the first half of the year, obviously, first quarter was disrupted by about $100 million of earnings in AUM for the streamline events, we sort of have to add that back, if you will, just to look at an underlying quality of the quarter. And so when you look at it that way, we had a very solid second quarter and the trends remained good. So when you look into the second quarter, we make good progress and starting to recover some of the spread compression that we faced last year with our pricing. And we had some limitations on the markets that we can serve. So automotive is obviously down, which was not what we expected and then from 1Q to 2Q and logistics constraints on how much of the durables demand we can serve that was well in excess of the logistics in our production capacity in the second quarter, given the limited production we had in the first quarter. So as you roll into the - into the third quarter, you've got continued improvement in pricing and continue to capture in recovery of spreads, as you move into the back half of the year versus the first half of the year. That's a tailwind. You've also got pretty stable markets. It's important to keep in mind that while there is some softness in durables, there's a lot of the market that's quite stable. So about 40% of the demand in advanced materials is very stable in medical, consumer packaging, cosmetics. And in advanced materials, P&C is actually stable. It's commercial demand that's actually holding up fairly well. And then you've got automotive that's going to have some amount of recovery in the back half of the year versus the first half, obviously, a little bit less than we expected but still recovering. So you've got that as a sequential tailwind going into the second half of the year. And then consumer durables, which is sort of the biggest exposure to what you're seeing from Walmart and Target and all those companies. Demand is coming off, but a good portion of that demand, frankly, we couldn't meet with our production logistics limitations. So it's not all impacting our outlook for the demand in the back half of the year. So we're not expecting that much of a net hit of how demand drops relative to what we can produce, especially since we're trying to catch up with so many customers from the production limitations in the first quarter. So Overall, the demand obviously is a little bit less than we expected. That's why we sort of reduced our outlook for AM in the back half of the year, but not that much. So all those are sort of the key trends, continue to improve spread, continue to improve volume mix on a trend basis versus sort of the limitations that we had in the second quarter.
Josh Spector: Okay. I mean, that's helpful. I understand asking about '23 is obviously a bit early. But I think if I consider that demand kind of stabilizes your 4Q levels maybe $170 million in EBIT. Are there onetime catch-up items in there that then remove that typical $30 million, $20 million step up into the early part of next year? Or is that a normalized base that we should be growing off of?
Mark Costa: Well, if you look at the performance we're going to have in the back half of the year and what we guided and annualize it, it's a pretty good earnings number that you would carry into next year. You'd have continued volume mix growth. You've got to remember, we have a lot of innovation, especially in durables. That's why our demand is holding up so well. As Tritan is winning all over the place, especially with recycled content, especially as you go into next year when the methanolysis plan starts up and that will really benefit the back half of the year, in particular, of accelerating growth in the sort of durables area, as well as cosmetics. We continue to say [indiscernible] story that John just asked about, a lot of that Evento growth that we're talking about, that's the foodservice products on cellulosic or wins we just told you about in the prepared remarks in the eyewear market, et cetera. All those are sort of building to grow faster than underlying markets on the sustainability trends in both polyester and cellulosics. You've got continued automotive growth next year in that recovery phase. You've got these markets that are stable, that will continue to grow like medical and to more packaging, et cetera, cosmetics and other market are heavily leveraged circa. So demand looks really good. I'm not going to pretend guess of the net of the outcome relative to the economy next year, no one knows whether it's going to be slow growth, mild recession, something worse, so we're not going to start giving any kind of guidance on total basis, but we certainly will have a lot of vectors to grow. And then you got continued spread recovery. As I just talked about, VAM and PVOH prices are going to come off of these exceptionally extreme highs, do all these supply outages. And so you've got tailwinds there, probably tailwinds as well in PX and so spread also a tailwind for next year. So there's a lot of different reasons that AM should have a good year, and you're going to have an easy comp in the first quarter relative to this year.
Josh Spector: Okay, helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Will now take our next question from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Mark, in CI, you talk about structurally improved segment earnings quality. Given that, what do you think the new normalized earnings level here is in the CI going forward?
Mark Costa: Well, David, thanks for the question. And we're still trying to work our way through the math on that. You have to sort of look at the long-term energy cost structure implications and what's going on. Clearly, right now, with what's going on in the Ukraine war with the shift towards more green energy and the lack you know, progress on that front in the short term, that means that things like natural gas or even more need around the world than anyone ever manage. You've got a shift in the cost structure on a global basis where the European agents are going to be paying a lot more natural gas relative to the U.S., even though our prices are really high right now in the U.S., they're exceptionally high everywhere else. And so that's the advantage that is going to help us going into the future. But I'm not about ready to quantify what that mean. But certainly better than what we were talking about in the Innovation Day in December and when we build that guidance. It's important to remember that before we even get to that topic, there's a lot of actions we have taken to structurally improve this business. 40% of the revenue in this business is in really actually high quality, good margin, higher-margin businesses than the segment average on a normal basis. So you've got functional means, which is the biggest part of that 40% going into ag and they have cost pass-through contracts with stable margins. You've got a nice, especially plasticizer business in the benzoic acid area that has nice stable margins good growth the curves around sustainability. And then you've got the acetyl business. And for us, it's focused on the acetic and anhydride and some other derivatives that are pretty stable. And actually are tied to demand growth in food, feed, pharma, which are all, again, stable, attractive businesses. And then, of course, we've made the investments we just talked about on RGP. We shut down our Singapore plant that was the biggest source of earnings volatility we had in the company, when it came to olefins, given the dynamics of the Asian market and then the future ETP [ph] I mentioned. So a lot of different things going on there that give us confidence. The back half of this year is going to hold up a little bit better than we expected. 3 months ago, and as we go into next year, should also hold up better than we expected. But I'm not going to quantify anything about next year with all the macroeconomic uncertainty.
David Begleiter: Understood. And just lastly, on your implied Q3 guidance, you talk about solid EPS growth year-over-year. What I think solid really means? Is it up 5%? Is it 10% year-over-year? Anything in that range?
Mark Costa: I'll let Willie take that one.
Willie McLain: David, I think as you look at what we've seen to date, if you look at the year-over-year being roughly 245 last year were 283 in Q2. You can look at, I'll call it, approaching in the middle of that range.
David Begleiter: Great. Thank you. Its very helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. In general, do you think your domestic pricing of all kinds of products has benefited from the difficulty of imports coming into the United States? And do you think that if logistics are improved globally that might make pricing tougher for your products in 2023?
Mark Costa: So when I think about that, Jeff, I think that's mostly a question for CI than anything else. And certainly, logistics constraints out of Asia have limited some of those products' ability to come into the U.S., and thats contributed to some of the market tightness that all chemical intermediate companies around the globe, especially North American ones are benefiting from. On the specialty side, something that's really a factor, John  Jeff, we haven't really seen logistics constraints of Asian competitors would be a limiting factor whatsoever on the specialties. So the specialties have enough value and margin for anyone that's not a limiting factor. So it's really just a CI question.
Jeff Zekauskas: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. On the Kingsport facility that's going to start up in '23, you note that you have thousand sales opportunities, which is more than the capacity of the plant. I'm just wondering how are you thinking about allocating that volume from a customer perspective demand is indeed in excess of supply. Are there ways that you can leverage your existing relationships to improve contract structures or other things in Advanced Materials? Or how are you thinking about marketing the material?
Mark Costa: So one, it's been tremendous to see such strong engagement across so many iconic brands interested in the recycle content and how that can play a role in their sustainability goals and their positioning relative composition in the marketplace. And as we said, we've got over 1,000 sales opportunities thats in excess of the capacity to play. So we are in that approach of figuring out how we align with the strategic customers that provide us along - the best long-term growth. And we have relationships, Vincent, with a lot of companies that have been sort of loyal dedicated customers to us for a long time with our current products and now they want to do cycle content. So obviously, they get preferential treatment versus someone who's new. And so we're trying to balance all that out. And when we look at some of the - and we look at the quality end markets that drive a lot of where we want to go. So markets like hydration which is in the trends of sustainability, reduce reuse and then recycle, right? So the trends moving towards hydration water bottles, for example, is a great market. It's going to grow incredibly well going in the future as people become more conscious about plastics single-use products. When you look at these high-end brands like Williams Sonoma, and Cuisinart and Ninja and all these other products where they are leaders in the marketplace and their winning share and growing in the market, you want to align with those winners. So same thing on cosmetics. We've got great relationships with all the top main [indiscernible], et cetera, that allow us to sort of help them truly be sustainability leaders and especially for future French project and not just our current project, those brands are very focused on their products being made in France, being global leaders in sustainability and highly engaged, not just in buying from Kingsport, buying our specialty products that we'll make in our French plant. So its aligning with the winners and the leaders is how we are approaching it.
Vincent Andrews: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Will now take our next question from Mike Tyson from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Mike Tyson: Great, thanks. Good morning, guys. First question just on fibers. One of your competitors in acetic told last night kind of called out what they say sort of untenable situation in the toll market today, needing a bit of an overhaul to increase the value proposition. Obviously, Eastman's previously made a bit of a pivot towards textile and non-wovens. But just curious how you're thinking about the filter market today or just the overall situation with your acetate assets?
Mark Costa: Sure. So two market from a demand point of view, has been actually quite stable. The market is not actually declining quite as fast as we expected. A lot of it's benefited from things like the heat-not-burn cigarettes and also used tow [ph] And so you've got traditional cigarettes decline in upper and growing so of that offset some of that market dynamics. And as you noted, our textile business is doing incredibly well, right? So we put that in motion several years ago to say, to some degree, this market is going to decline. In the textile market is incredibly attractive where we've got a very compelling sustainability offer for the market. And what we can offer, as I mentioned earlier, and great customer engagement in a way to sort of replace any decline in tow and we're definitely at that stage where that's going on. So we feel good about where we are from a volume point of view. From a market point of view, you've seen us increase prices in a pretty meaningful way for this segment because the raw material costs are higher. Pulp costs are higher, energy costs are higher, operating costs are higher. And so we need to improve our pricing and improve our margins back to a reasonable level because they currently are not at a reasonable level. And so yes, we need to work with our customers to recover those costs. So we continue to invest and support this business and what they need to do. So we're looking for all those opportunities to partner and have those kind conversations with our customers to find a path that makes sense and recover those margins to keep supporting this business.
Mike Tyson: Great. Perfect. And then just quickly, can you just remind us on the Tennessee, methanolysis facility, if you do hit that mechanical completion target at the end of 1Q '23, just when should we expect to see commercial production rates and sort of see it running through your P&L then?
Mark Costa: Yes. So it's going to take a period of time like it does in every plant to start it up. So we complete the end of first quarter or the second quarter is going to be a process of starting it up and you're going to see the benefit in the second half of next year. It's not going to be a huge benefit as you're ramping up when it comes to bottom line earnings because you're going to have all the costs showing up to the plant. But it will certainly start helping and then really make a difference in a pretty significant way in 2024.
Mike Tyson: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Michael Sison from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Michael Sison: Hey, guys. Nice quarter. In terms of ASP volume growth in the first half, it's pretty impressive. Do you see a similar level in the second half?
Mark Costa: So Mike, it's good to hear from you. So we do see volume trends continuing, probably not as strong as the first half. So first half had just tremendous growth across the board for animal nutrition, especially fluids, care chemicals, even B&C in some of the restocking efforts that are going on. So growth was quite good. Obviously, automotive wasn't where we wanted it to be, as everyone knows. When we look at the back half of the year, we still expect strong volume growth continuing in a lot of stable markets. And so we'll see that benefit in animal nutrition, especially flues, both the aviation recovery, as well as you transfer fluids for LNG, care chemicals continuing. We also expect some recovery you know, the automotive OEM side, maybe some softness on the auto refinish side. So I'm not quite sure how that's going to net out. B&C will certainly be a bit softer, and you can just see that comes to even architectural pant with our customers. And so we'll see that be a little bit softer. So overall, the volume mix will definitely be better, spreads will be better, as we continue to recover our spreads relative to some of the compression that we faced last year where prices were chasing rods, but it was much less of an issue, you have to remember an A&P last year, right? So the pricing actions we took were much swifter given the contractual contracts we had there to sort of keep up with the raws. So we have a delay [ph] but it's not nearly the same scale as Advanced Materials. So all that's going along, but then that's going to be offset by several factors to mitigate how much we're up year-over-year. You've got an FX headwind, which is pretty meaningful in ASP, you've got higher growth spend and we have a higher shutdown schedule in the back this year versus last year. So all that sort of nets out some of that. So that's why you're going to see some decline. And you need to remember, there's just a natural seasonal sequential decline in ASP when you go from first half to second half with ag markets and B&C market seems like that just less busy in the back half of the year versus the first half. So a great strong start to the year, but not as much on a year-over-year basis in the back half for those combined factors.
Michael Sison: Got it. And in terms of the outlook for AM, I think you outlined a pretty good portion of why in the prepared remarks. But when you think about the segments, is the shortfall similar between Tritan and interlayers? and how do we sort of get that back? I mean, is that earnings power that is still there, that's just come back maybe in '23 if everything - if the headwinds kind of subside?
Mark Costa: Yes. So just to step back for a second around the segment from an end market point of view before I get to product view. When you think about the demand portfolio across AM, we'd say about 40% of revenue is stable. It's medical, consumable packaging, cosmetics, P&C right? That's going to continue to be stable, continue to have some growth. You've got segments like medical that are still restocking to get to a safe supply level. And then you've got the auto, which has some upside versus last year or the first half of this year, how that's about 30% of the revenue in the segment. And then you got consumer durables, which is about 25% that obviously has some risk, as I discussed. So from an end market point of view, a good portion of this is pretty stable or actually improving. And then that gets offset by sort of this durables question in particular, and how that backlog of demand sort of reduces relative to our production capability. And we think probably is a bit below that in our sort of revised outlook. Then you've got this innovation that drives growth across the segment. So when you think about the end markets, especially plastics is on track to have a really good year, both in the first half of the year once we got passed the first quarter, and they're certainly going to continue to have a good year on the demand side on a net basis in the back half of the year, and they have spread recovery in the back half of the year relative to last year, that's quite meaningful. So SP is on track to having a really good year. Performance Films is also doing incredibly well. It's amazing to see how the kept earnings sort of stable to last year in such a difficult market. And so they've got a lot of programs allowing them to win a great set of new channel programs, to grow their dealers and auto dealers, tremendous ingenuity that they've demonstrated in China, which is a big market there with no COVID, the heroic axis [ph] of figuring out how to completely redo our logistics system out of Shanghai, which was shut down to another one of our locations that wasn't you know, where there was sleeping in the place and making sure we kept our customers supported. So just a tremendous business, and that - and we see that continuing into the back half of the year. Interlayers is a business that has a challenge. And I think I already covered. It. Demand will get a little bit better in the back half of the year, obviously. But the spread challenge is pretty significant, and so the one part of the portfolio. We don't think this continues at all into next year. As I mentioned earlier, where [indiscernible] will, I think, improve for that business, but certainly an issue there. So you get all those great things going, but it's important to remember, we got gross spend and we got global energy costs. They're going on, especially in Europe that impacts all of the business that's true probably for every company. And so that's a headwind that gets netted into the math too.
Michael Sison: Right. Thank you.
Operator: Will now take our next question from Kevin McCarthy from Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, good morning. Mark, with regard to your Advanced Materials segment, I think there was some verbiage in your prepared remarks last night, whereby you indicated you now see less improvement in global auto production versus the prior expectation in April. What is the current outlook for global bills that you're kind of building, no pun intended in outlook for the back half. Some of the companies that pant cars, you're talking about 80 million-plus global builds. Is that consistent with your view? Or are you starting to see anything more cautionary there?
Mark Costa: No, I think that's consistent with our view. Certainly, our customers drive our demand. So as they're talking about their view on the market, it's important to pay attention to that. But no, I think it's going to get better sequentially from where we were in the first half of the year, but certainly not as much as we expected, I'd say. But I think that number is fine.
Kevin McCarthy: Okay. Secondly, I appreciate any updated thoughts on paraxylene procurement and whether or not we should anticipate any relief there in coming months. It looks like maybe is starting to soften a little in Europe. I'm not sure how you view the flow-through for the U.S. market that you have?
Mark Costa: So PX, obviously, in June, it's really spiked up and into parts of July as well. But it's already come off quite a bit. If you look at where it was versus where it is now. From an exposure point of view, we produce and consume the PX here, in the US. But our exposure and how we pay for it, we've diversified quite a bit away from US PX, and so that mitigates a little bit of that volatility, which is more extreme here. But we did see a spike in the last 2 months without a doubt. That's flowing through our COGS. And our pricing model isn't you know, and there is continues pricing model in our specialties. So there's a lump there of higher PX costs occurred relative to our pricing strategy that we had in place with the increases that we were able to achieve. And so there will be a little bit of that sort of flowing through, they'll have some impact on the third quarter. I don't think it's a significant impact, Kevin, but there's a bit of that. But when you look at it on a total basis, whether it's the first half or the second half for the year, we're making really good progress in improving our spreads in this business relative to last year. It may not be quite as much as we intended, but it's still quite significant improvement relative to where we were to get our margins back to where they should be. So we continue to feel great about investing in this business. And - and so it's a business where the team has done a great job in managing price and having good discipline on how to do it. 
Kevin McCarthy: Thats helpful. Thank you, Mark.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Mark Mitch from Jerome Research [ph] Please go ahead.
Mark Costa: That's actually Frank, but we'll take it.
Unidentified Analyst: Nice results.
Mark Costa: Hey, all right. How are you doing?
Unidentified Analyst: Going fine. Frank Costa or Mark Niche, I don't know. In the release, you obviously mentioned the 75% asset base in the US. And obviously, I also mentioned logistics having an impact on your business. How do you look at the impact that you've seen so far? And what's your expectations in terms of getting to a more normalized logistics that you don't have to call that out anymore having an impact on your business? What's going on in that area?
Mark Costa: I'll let Willie take that.
Willie McLain: Yeah, Frank, to your point, I think Mark described as we look at our asset position, we look at that as a position of stream as we serve the global markets with our specialty products. Obviously, earlier in the year, with our operational challenges, we're not achieving the year-over-year reductions in logistics costs that we had expected, and that's been compounded by the continued inflation and continued high demand in the first half of the year. So as we think about the markets that we serve, actually some level of softening will actually call it, improve the supply chains and allow us to better serve and then achieve the volumes in the back half of the year. But it is done - continued inflation on that front, and we've had to continue to use modes of transportation and logistics that aren't completely optimized, and we look to get back to more optimized business operations in the back half of the year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Back half year. And Willie sticking with you, congrats on executing the $750 million ASR, the guidance is to get to $1 billion plus buybacks for the year. So not a lot left. How do we think about the pace of buybacks for the balance of this year?
Willie McLain: Yeah. Frank, I think what you can do is we'll continue to be disciplined and you can basically spread that evenly across the last half of the year. And I guess people remain committed to greater than a $1 billion, and I appreciate that.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Duffy Fischer from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Duffy Fischer: Yeah. Good morning. Maybe a four-parter just around the PVOH thing. So one, did that disproportionately hit you where it might be causing market share loss? Two, the price that you're using to offset that, is that structural? Or are you using surcharges? And then third would be you obviously have some acetyls products yourselves. Are you seeing some benefit in other geographies on the acetyls that you sell that might be offsetting that? And then just the last one is how do you see the acetyls chain normalizing kind of from now through 2023, maybe? Thank you.
Mark Costa: Sure, Duffy. There's a lot of questions embedded in that one question. So good to hear from you. So on the competitive side, the VAM situation is shared by all of us. There were some unique aspects and how that price spiked up for our European asset, as I explained, where we had to buy some spot material that our competitors may not have bought as much. And so that's why we had some spread compression there, as there was limitations on how we can move pricing relative to our contracts and kind of dynamics. So I don't think we have a significant share loss issue that - instead, we just had spread compression that we're going through in the second and third quarter. In regards to how we're managing pricing, I think that we've used a combination of contract terms that allows the pricing and some surcharges to try release some of the extremity of what we're facing right now. It's important to keep in mind that from a long-term point of view in this business, there's just tremendous growth in front of us. There's the auto recovery. But beyond that, the EVs, as we told you, about three and half times more value in them than a combustion engine car, the way those cars are designed and the way they're using glass in a different way. So there's a tremendous amount of volume upside in big upside, right? So as we sell more and more advanced complicated windows, which is why is are so attractive. Those are very differentiated products, and we are launching the most innovative products in the market, both on HUD on solar and very complicated integrated functionality that also includes solar rejection to take air conditioning load off the car in an EV. So we're really excited about the innovation portfolio that's got a tremendous amount of engagement at the auto OEM level to drive this business forward. We just needed to get past is sort of  in the supply issues that were so extensive. So that's - the business we feel great about. And when it comes to the broader acetyl chain, there's someone coming up in a couple of hours, you can ask that question to on the broader acetyl chain. What I'd say is, we're not in VAM and PVOH. So obviously, we're not seeing the posing benefit in Chemical Intermediates. The overall acetyl chain is holding up really well, but we're very small in acetic acid, so I can't comment on that any meaningful way. Silicon [ph] hydrate business, which is where we're the largest player in the world and that business has always been a little bit more stable. It doesn't have fly up as much in market tightness, but it also doesn't go down as much. So we're feeling like we've got a good sort of stability in that acetyl business, both in sort of what it was last year, what it is this year and what it will be next year. So it's not going through as much supply/demand dynamics.
Duffy Fischer: Terrific. Thank you
Operator: We will now take our next question from P.J. Juvekar from Citi. Please go ahead.
P.J. Juvekar: Hey. Good morning, Mark.
Mark Costa: Good morning.
P.J. Juvekar: Good morning. In your prepared comments, you talked about slowing consumer durables and construction-related end markets. Can you give us some color on durables and appliances, home-related stuff in construction, residential, commercial, because downstream customers like Sherwin have already warned and seeing a slowdown? Can you characterize your slowdown? And how do you see that playing out?
Mark Costa: Sure. So just to step back for a second, and then I'll come to the durable question. When we look at the overall portfolio, durables is an important part of the portfolio, but it's not a huge part of the portfolio. And as you think about Eastman and its overall exposure from this sort of recession question, we've dramatically improved our portfolio, you can go all the way back to 10 years ago and how much you know, $3 billion of divest [ph] businesses that were commodity and $3.5 billion of specialties added and all the innovation that we've been talking about for the last 8 years and how we've improved the portfolio or divesting $1 billion of revenue in ASP that was you know, businesses that are not performing well. And so that gets us now to an end market portfolio that's quite improved. So when you look stable markets. And we think about 45% of our revenue is in what we call stable as like medical, personal care, consumables, [indiscernible], water treatment, et cetera. Then you have about 20% in transportation and energy, which actually has offside going into this year and next. And then you get to B&C and consumer durables where we have sort of this sort of market demand sensitivity and risk and about half of that is durables, right? So we're talking about 15% of the total corporate revenue. And that is a place where it's predominantly two places where we go into consumer durables, mostly specialty plastics. That's our Tritan that would be going into a Cuisinart or a Ninja blender or any of those sort of typical appliances that you would think about, as well as electronics, where we have some of our cellulosic's. And so its high-value business, but it's also a place where we have tremendous innovation, creating our own growth, especially as we go into next year with all the new content, the recycled content that we're adding. So you got to sort of - for sure, we're seeing demand come off in those markets, as you can hear, Walmart, Target, et cetera, destocking, but already hit that. The demand was well in excess of our capabilities. So some of that's actually not a lost volume in the forecast. It's just the backlogs going away, if you will. But there will be some moderation in that business. And then there's some of it in the coatings business where we have you know, coatings to go into all those different types of products as well, and we'll see some softness in that business. And so that's where we see some sensitivity. B&C also has some risk to it. I think it's another important thing to keep in mind about what happens in the back half of this year isn't just about primary demand. You've got or innovation, how you offset it, but there's also this question around how much destocking is going to occur. And we don't think that there is going to be the same kind of bovid [ph] you would normally have going into a recession because supply chain constraints have really limited how much inventory could be built through the chain getting to the retailer, especially in markets like auto where clearly, they have no inventory at retail at the dealer level, and B&C also had its own challenges. And as I said, you've got markets rebuilding inventory like medical and aviation, as well as having upside growth and then you're back to this durable question. So when we put it all together, there's certainly some demand risk and uncertainty. We're trying to factor that into our outlook. And we're really just trying to focus on what we control, continue to drive the innovation, keep driving the pricing on specialty, but be conscious about maintaining a good competitive position while you do that. And that will certainly improve spread to last year and give us a tailwind for next year and manage our costs as always and stay focused on the secure platforms and how we return cash to shareholders.
P.J. Juvekar: Great. Thank you for that color. And then I have a quick question on cash flow in the first half was down significantly. Looking at some of your competitors that reported last night or even earlier in the week, many of them had flat to up operating cash flow. Can you talk about your weaker free cash flow or operating cash flow? And is it maybe due to some seasonality like ag and you have a big ag end market exposure, maybe that comes back in the second half. Can you just - either you or Willie can go through that?
Willie McLain: P.J., I'm happy to go through that. Obviously, as we think about the situation that we're in with the highest inflation in 40 years, and actually, that gained momentum. So as we looked at the beginning of the year versus where we are now, the raw materials and energy that we are seeing is about $0.5 billion higher. And obviously, that $0.5 billion translates here in the near term into an impact on working capital. So you're seeing about $100 million on a year-over-year basis, negative impact of higher working capital consumption through the first 6 months. Additionally, the payout and the variable comp from last year, you can see that the cash flow is about $140 million. We're taking actions on our cash conversion cycle, whether it's inventory, managing our receivable programs, as well as looking at and continuing to look at our terms. As we look into the back half and traditionally at Eastman, we have been more back half loaded on operating cash flow from a seasonality standpoint. And you can look at over the last 5 to 6 years when we generated the robust operating cash flow of 1.5 or 1.6 Typically, that has about $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion of operating cash in the back half. So we have headwinds in this environment, and they acknowledge those, but we're still focused on delivering that approximately $1.5 billion even in the face of that.
P.J. Juvekar: Great. Thank you very much
Operator: We will now take our next question from Matthew DeYoe from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Matthew DeYoe: Good morning, everyone. Do you have any patents or competitive advantages beyond just like the first mover advantage that would protect you from an entrant in textiles over time? Thinking maybe of a competitor until?
Mark Costa: So we don't have a lot of specific patents on the textile side. We have a significant market position advantage where we are - in the vast majority of the market when it comes to textile filament, which is different technology than making to tow fiber. And so - and there's a pretty high capital intensity with that business. So the position we have is pretty solid in developing and producing that product, but we don't have any patents on it. You can in the staple side of things where you can use the tow assets that's a more competitive market. But again, there's a big advantage we have in this sort of market relationships that we currently have.
Willie McLain: And Mark, I may add there, the other highlight that I would add is, we produced textiles at our Kingsport, Tennessee site, which is highly integrated. And we have the lowest cost position from producing flake at this site in the world. So as you think about the integration and the power of acetyl stream and cellulosics differentiate us versus our competitors.
Mark Costa: I mean, one of the great things about this business is the size of the market relative to our capacity or even now who wants to join in is just far greater than what we can make. So we view it as a great business for us. And if there's some amount of competition, there's plenty of room.
Matthew DeYoe: Understood. And this one might be a little long, so I apologize. But just looking at Animal Nutrition and Crop Protection, right? It did something like $330 million to $350 million in sales in '15 and '16 and then went all the way up to the mid-500s. And as of the end of last year, I guess, we were back in the mid-330 level. Is this business COVID sensitive and why if it is? And then it seems like it's doing pretty well right now. So is that mid-500 in revenue number kind of the right target in the medium term again?
Mark Costa: So what I can tell you about the Animal Nutrition business is it is growing really well. It's very stable. And we benefited obviously a bit of from more food consumption, I guess, you could argue through COVID that you had more home consumption, less restaurants, so those sort of net each other out. So it's just - from a market point of view, it's pretty steady. Now prices go up and down, it would impact some of the revenue story just based on the market dynamics that we've been going through in many products and the profitability of this business has materially improved. The key that we're doing in this business is focusing on how we value up the business, right? So we have one of the broadest organic. Our asset portfolios to replace antibiotics and nutrition, which is driving our growth. But historically, we've mostly just sold them as individual assets, organic assets. And as we have been moving forward creating more formulated solutions that combine the assets and other elements of product performance together, use top of the value two to 4 times as much as what we get currently today. And this 3F acquisition we did last year also brought in a lot of capability to sort of not just grow their business, but really value our portfolio and the synergies on that have been fantastic. So all that is really driven a lot of improvement in the performance of this business. So it's pretty steady. I'll let Willie to try and respond to the numbers that you're referring.
Willie McLain: Well, what I would say, Matt, is yes, sorry, is as I look at the last couple of years, its been around $300 million. And then there's a pretty good jump up here in 2022, and that is related to the 3F acquisition in addition to overall growth, as Mark just referenced. So not seeing the big spikes that you're talking about in a year and then coming back, it's more been spec steady, at least over the last several years.
Matthew DeYoe: Thanks.
Willie McLain: Let's make the  sorry, Matt. Let's make the next question the last one, please.
Operator: Will now take our last question from Laurence Alexander from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dan Rizzo: Hi, guys It's Dan Rizzo on for Laurence. Thank you for squeezing me in. I was just thinking about energy curtailment in Europe, and I don't know if I missed this, but I was just wondering if you're thinking about how that might affect you guys towards the winter, late this year and early next year.
Mark Costa: So like everyone, we're working hard on making sure we've got supply positions in place to manage any sort of risk on the curtailment side and are doing everything we can on that front. Our exposure in Europe has been reduced pretty significantly. So the largest plant we had in Europe were in the adhesives and tires business, which we have recently divested. So the two businesses that really have exposure to this in a meaningful way is our Amines plant in Belgium and our Interlayers plant in Belgium. Interlayers is more electricity-driven than natural gas driven and what it's sort of exposed to. But that cost exposure is there. I mean the energy prices are already fairly high embedded in outlook and forecasting. But from a curtailment point of view, we're doing everything we can to minimize that risk.
Dan Rizzo: And what about your customers? I mean, have they said anything?
Mark Costa: I think every customer around Europe is doing the same thing. There's a lot of uncertainty. I don't think anyone really knows what's going to happen, right? The governments across Europe are working hard on trying to come up with a plan. They realize it shutting down industrial facilities that don't shut down very well or come back up very well, its not a great idea because it creates a lot of economic and job risk and safety risk in some cases. And so I think they were trying to be very thoughtful about how they're going to manage this problem going into the winter and then anyone's guess on what food and will do between now and winter. So we're all working to manage that issue together.
Dan Rizzo: All right. Thank you very much.
Greg Riddle: Thanks again, everyone, for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in Eastman. And I hope that you have a great day.
Operator: This concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the First Quarter 2022 Eastman Chemical Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastmans website, www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Greg Riddle: Thank you, Keith. Hello, everyone and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Willie McLain, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Jake LaRoe, Manager, Investor Relations. Yesterday after market closed, we posted our first quarter 2022 financial results news release and SEC 8-K filing, our slides and the related remarks in the Investors section of our website, www.eastman.com. Before we begin, I will cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information and certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in our first quarter 2022 financial results news release. During this call, in the preceding slides and prepared remarks and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-K filed for full year 2021 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for first quarter 2022. Second, earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain non-core and unusual items. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures including a description of the excluded and adjusted items are available in the first quarter 2022 financial results news release. As we posted the slides and accompanying prepared remarks on our website last night, we will now go straight into Q&A. Keith, please lets start with our first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you and good morning everyone.
Mark Costa: Good morning.
Vincent Andrews: Wondering if you could talk a little bit about just sort of how the second U.S. project in molecular recycling and developing. I see you are now mentioning that you are talking to several global brands. I am wondering if anything is changing about the size, scope or scale of the expected initiative as well as, I think you had originally said you might have something formalized in the first half of this year and here we are almost in May. So, just curious for an update there?
Mark Costa: Sure, Vincent. So, on the circuit economy, we are really excited about how well its been going across all projects, right. So we have got the Kingsport project thats going to be starting up in the next 9 months. And then you have got the  looking at the France project and so lot of momentum going on in those two fronts. So, as we look at the U.S. project, we would expect it to be similar in size to what we are doing in France. It would be focused on predominantly packaging and textiles since we already have a nice specialty play in the Kingsport side. And we do see tremendous engagement from several brands on wanting to be sort of significant off-takers of that project. When you think about just the scope and need that these brands have for recycled content, in the projects and the targets they have set for 2025, they really need to endorse molecular recycling. When you look at mechanical recycling, it just has limitations in truly creating a circular economy, because when you look at the packaging, it was only about 20%, 30% of it can really be loop back into food grade bottles. And so they have real shortness of how they are going to get this recycled content, right. 70% is going to get down cycled in the scrapping or part benches or in the U.S. landfill or incinerated in France. So, thats just perpetuating the linear economy and disconnecting from fossil-based feedstocks. So, mechanical is great and its energy efficient, but its completely insufficient, not to mention it also degrades over time. So, they realize that to maintain high quality of their packaging and a long-term solution, molecular recycling has to be around to support that and enable all of the packaging waste to be recycled. I mean, our position is you should reduce and reuse as much as possible, but much of this was still going to be needed to packaging or in textile, same story. And we are the required solution to actually eliminate all the waste. So, they get that. They understand it. They also understand that plastic is a much more energy-efficient product than glass and aluminum. So, if you first want to assume green energy is limited in the planet, then you should use the most energy-efficient product, not glass thats 4x more energy or aluminum, 2x more energy to make than plastic. So they are very focused on this. I mean, thats why we have got such good engagement. And they understand the sort of cost pass-through contract nature of what we are trying to do. So we feel really good about where we are at. But as you know with these kind of very complicated long-term commitments, it takes time to work out the details.
Vincent Andrews: Sure. And maybe just as a follow-up, I noticed there were no buybacks in the quarter, but you are still committed to doing at least $1 billion in the year. So, how should we think about the cadence during the balance of the year to get to that at least $1 billion goal?
Willie McLain: Sure. Thanks, Vincent, for the question. We did wrap up the ASR that we launched in December here in early March, completing the $1 billion or $1 billion from last year. We have also, I would say, here in April closed on the transaction. We had the $1 billion of cash in. So I want to complement our teams and also wish our adhesives teams success as they transition. And also, we are continuing to partner providing transition services on both transactions here through the end of the year. If you think about how we started Q2, we have already purchased 200 million of shares here in the month of April and you can expect pace similar to that through the rest of the quarter. For the full year, I expect, again, to be at the $1 billion or greater as we deliver on the commitments that we made and you can look at that on a full year basis as basically providing about $0.75 a share to offset the roughly $100 million of impact from the divestitures. I would say thats about $0.30 in the first half growing into the second half as we complete the purchases here in Q2 and Q3.
Vincent Andrews: Great. Thanks very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: We will take our next question from Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes. Mark, good morning. You affirmed the annual EPS range. I was wondering if you could speak to the seasonality in the back half of the year, as you are recovering operationally at Kingsport speak to 3Q versus 2Q and then the seasonality in fourth quarter? For example, I think you mentioned you got a plant turnaround in chemical intermediates later in the year. How do you see that unfolding through the coming quarters?
Mark Costa: Thanks, Kevin and a very important question. We spent a lot of time trying to think about how our cadence of earnings and value creation goes through the year. When you think about this year and you look at sort of the guidance we gave for the second quarter and add that together with what the results that we had in the first quarter, the first quarter looks to be around 4.75%. If you look at  use the midpoint of our second quarter cadence. So to get to our midpoint of our full year guidance, you are talking about $5 a share in the back half, which is about 5% higher than the first half to your sequential question or $0.75 a share on a year-over-year basis. So, thats a strong back half quarter for us. We dont really have it normal that we can look to in the past, because we have had some many different events that are first or second half floated if you look at 2018 to now. But we can recognize thats a little bit stronger than normal. And I think the easiest way to talk about it is on a year-over-year basis. And when you really think about delivering that $5 a share in the back half of the year, it really comes down to a question of what is AM going to deliver relative to what normalization in CI occurs, because obviously, the streamline event in the first quarter, we had a sort of significant setback on that to the first half of the year. So, when you look at it and do the math on the sort of the midpoint of our guidance for the full year of AM of $650 million to $700 million, that means we basically have to be about $200 million over the back half of last year. Now roughly half of that  actually probably greater than half of that will come from how we are managing spreads. So almost all of the spread compression last year that occurred in this segment was in the back half of last year. We have been incredibly successful in implementing price increases in the  to begin the first quarter and get the spreads that we are aiming to get that we discussed in January and that sequential improvement and spreads is still expected in the second quarter. So, we have a lot of great momentum in the pricing actions we have taken, including implementing a whole set of additional price increases in this month to cover the inflation that occurred through the first quarter. So, you have got $100 million  greater than $100 million really of spread improvement in the back half of last  in the back half of this year relative to the compression that occurred in the back half of last year, right? So, recovering that compression, if you will. So, thats half of it or more than that. And then you have got strong volume growth. And the volume growth in the back half would be a little bit different. First of all, you have got incredibly unmet need, especially in specialty plastics, given how we are not able to serve that market. So, markets are incredibly strong. No one has inventory. So the likelihood of destocking in the fourth quarter is much less because there is nothing to destock. You have got the automotive market, we are assuming, it starts to get better in the back half relative to the first half and we expect logistics to constraints ease, which is really one of the bigger limiters of our ability to sort of serve demand. And then you have got the production catch up, right. So we lost about $75 million of volume in the first quarter. And we think roughly half of that will be recovered through the year. But most of that recovery is going to occur in the third and fourth quarter, because we are just ramping up production and with logistics these days, getting all that out the door and recognize that second quarter is going to be a bit of a challenge. So, a lot of factors that drive volume to be a lot better. So, then you weigh that against whats going to happen in CI normalization. And I think we have taken our standard approach to assuming its going to normalize at some point. And for now, we are expecting that in the back half of the year and there is some higher gross spend. So you put all that together, you net out you are going to come up with positive EBIT relative to last year in a meaningful way. And then you have got $0.45 a share from the share repurchase we are doing to replace the divested earnings. So, $5 is a very reasonable improvement to get when you think about it in those dynamics and that gets you that sort of 5% sequential improvement versus the first half.
Kevin McCarthy: Great. Thank you for that color. And then as a follow-up, Mark, have auto production forecasts bottomed at this point from your perspective? I appreciate any updated thoughts on what you are seeing in terms of order books and expectations for that particular end-use market?
Mark Costa: So on the auto market, we had an expectation of demand being relatively stable in the first quarter and the second quarter and then modestly improving in the back half of the year. Id say first quarter turned out to be a little bit softer than our expectations. And we expect the second quarter to be down a bit relative to the first quarter, principally due to the Ukrainian war impact on European auto production and some of the slowdowns we are seeing in the COVID lockdown situation in China. But we do  so a little bit lower based on what we started the year with, but we still expect it to improve in the back half of the year as China gets its COVID situation under control is our base assumption as well as the European situation starts to stabilize supply chain start to improve. But we are still looking at an annual number in our forecast thats below last year a bit. Obviously, LMC is above last year in their current forecast and we are not using that just to be clear, we are using something lower than that and whats loaded into our forecast. I think we are taking a reasonable approach to what we are estimating and what we are seeing in the marketplace.
Kevin McCarthy: Perfect. Thanks a lot.
Operator: We will take our next question from Josh Spector with UBS. Please go ahead.
Josh Spector: Yes, hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I guess just specifically on AFP, Id be curious on the new portfolio, if you would comment on a couple of things. One, how you are thinking about longer term growth in that restructured business now versus GDP or whatever metric you look at from that perspective? And then also, you have a relatively strong first half in that business, your guidance leaves it pretty open-ended in terms of where things could be in the second half. And just wondering what drives perhaps a lower second half versus first half in AFP or is that not the right way to think about that earnings trajectory? Thanks.
Mark Costa: Yes. So we are really excited about the new AFP. Its a business thats very focused. It has a lot of great end market growth rates that are both stable and things like personal care, animal nutrition and has opportunities for accelerated growth in places like automotive and aviation recovery and BNC has also been incredibly strong. So end markets are great. Like AM, our innovation is starting to really gain traction. So its creating the ability to grow faster than the underlying markets. When you look at Tetra show going into packaging, you look at how we are moving into higher value formulations in a nutrition versus just selling the organic acids, the microbead opportunity, not really relevant to this year, but significant upside in the future. So there is a lot of growth programs that are out there allows us to grow better than the underlying market. And then on the spread side, similar to AM, there is some spread recovery thats going to be in this year relative to last year. Its not quite as large as AM, but that accelerated path of inflation last year, prices were still catching up in this business as well. So, you see price implementation being very aggressive in the AFP business to cover all of those raw material, energy and distribution cost headwinds and we did a great job in the first quarter in getting prices up to sort of cover that and improve spreads that will continue to be true year-over-year in the second quarter. But sequentially, we will see the second quarter come off a little bit, just because it takes a year for the CPTs  I am sorry, it takes a quarter for the cost pass-through contracts to catch up. So overall, a very strong first half both by strong volume that 10% volume mix that will continue into the second quarter and spread improvement. As we look to the back half, there is some seasonality we are just assuming and how demand comes off in some of these industries like B and C and the ag business where that will soften up a bit in the second half of the year. And we think that we will see spreads continue to improve relative to the back half of last year. So its still going to be a very good second half, but not quite as strong as the first half.
Josh Spector: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Mike Leithead with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Mike Leithead: Great. Thanks. Good morning, guys. Maybe just three quick hitters on the methanolysis facility in Tennessee. So first, it looks like maybe a slight delay with supply chain. So can you just flesh out whats moving the timeline, whether its equipment or labor? Second, is the $250 million capital cost still the right number for the facility? And maybe finally, if we do get mechanical completion in 1Q 23 when should investors anticipate it sort of reaching kind of full commercial operations there?
Mark Costa: Sure. So when it comes to the sort of one quarter delay, we have identified the mechanical completion. Its equipment related just like the automotive industry, getting all the parts to build your plant isnt the easiest to do this environment. The team has done an extraordinary job of locking down and securing all those components being supplied, but just being realistic in the environment we are in right now, we expect about a quarter delay. Its not a labor issue. Its just a supply chain issue. When it comes to the capital, we are still on track for the capital. We did a lot of securing, especially on the equipment side before the inflation started when we were  when you go back to when we actually started this production. So, we think we are in a good position to manage that and keep that around that number. And then when it comes to startup, we are always going to  aiming for a startup in the first half of next year. We always assume that there will be some bumps along the road in how we get there. So, we dont think there is going to be a significant delay in the startup of the facility for serving customers. So, by summertime, you are making recycled content off of this facility and supplying the market and building to full run-rates by the end of the year and you will get a full year effect as you get into 2024. You got to remember, this is different than a specialty plant and how it ramps up and fills out, because while the specialties will grow like they normally do and not be a light switch in how you fill out the plant, we have the ability to take all the excess monomer from this methanolysis plant and make PET or textiles for packaging in the closing market and sort of ran the plant full pretty quickly as the operations come up to full levels in those markets. And then we just mix upgrade as we grow the specialties relative to serving those markets from this plant. So, much faster ROIC in this kind of facility with that flex than what you would normally get in the specialty plant.
Mike Leithead: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Aleksey Yefremov with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. As we get closer to the startup of this methanolysis plant, Mark, I was just trying to understand how economics might work in the real world. For example, crude jumped year-to-date. Would it have been a tailwind for your methanolysis margins or headwind or not a factor. So, in other words, when oil moves on this, is the cost of your feedstock changing? And if so, are you able to kind of promptly raise prices?
Mark Costa: Yes. So, higher oil prices is very good for methanolysis, alright. So the competitive material in the marketplace, which is Virgin PT-based on fossil feedstocks in those connected oil. So, the price thats in the marketplace for those products goes up pretty consistently everyday with the price of oil. So that raises their alternate product on the marketplace. The reality though is our product both its feedstock and its  and our final price is not really that connected to the virgin PET market anymore, because they are buying it on the value proposition of recycled content. And right now, what we are seeing is those prices both historically and in this environment are holding up to be substantially higher than the sort of fossil-based polymer. If you look at Europe, roughly about 50% premium for that recycled content value proposition of creating a circular economy versus perpetuating a fossil-based linear economy. So the markets changed and structurally so. When it comes to the value of our feedstock, there may be sort of a modest increase in the prices. But the reality is its going to landfill, right? The price of landfill isnt changing with the price of oil. Its being incinerated, same thing, not really changing dramatically or these low-value applications like park benches and scrapping and where this product  this sort of waste feedstock is going that the mechanical recyclers cant upcycle into applications. So were not seeing a significant increase in feedstocks just because the price of oil is up.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thanks Mark.
Operator: We will take our next question from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Mark, just on the Q2 guidance in terms of the earnings bridge, you think about the $0.80 impact from the Kingsport incident and the 206 base, you look at the midpoint of Q2 guidance to 75%. How do you  what are the offsets to that sort of bridge from Q1 to Q2 with a Kingsport incident layered in?
Mark Costa: Yes. Great question, Dave. And thats exactly how we look at it. We had a phenomenally strong first quarter when you back out the streamline event at $285 million. Its just tremendous success, well above how we guided in January for the first quarter. Unfortunately, the event happened. But the demand for those products is very much there, that $125 million hit which easily shown up in the quarter. So, we do start looking at and saying, okay, from $285 million, which is the run rate now of the event is behind us, whats the up and down relative to that number in the second quarter. So on the upside, the continue  we expect continued strong demand that we saw in the first quarter and the significant mix improvement that comes with that. Thats part of our story and our specialties. The pricing actions are doing a phenomenally good job of keeping pace real time with inflation that occurred through the first quarter. So spread sequentially will improve from first quarter to second quarter in AM and fibers. And then CI is holding up and being stronger than expected. So that will be quite stable sequentially from first to second quarter. And so all of that leads to a higher number. right? So then what where are we guiding to something a little bit less than first quarter. First of all, the $50 million of accelerated cost accounting doesnt repeat. So thats a pure tailwind Q1 to Q2, but the $75 million in the steam line event thats related to production, that doesnt catch up in a quarter. So it takes some time to get production back up, to get it on ships and trains and get it delivered through this quarter, there is only so much excess capacity that we have to make up that lost production. So thats going to take the whole year to sort of recover that. And were only expecting to recover about half of it through the year. So youve got a bit of a headwind from the event on the production side. Then youve got an AFP  remember, a good portion of their pricing is connected to cost pass-through contracts. We had a lot of inflation in the first quarter. The way those contracts work, it doesnt really catch up until July 1. So, there is just a lag in that part of AFP and how prices catched it up. They will. You saw the benefit of that in the first quarter based on catching up to fourth quarter raw materials, and this will happen as we go into the third quarter. So there is a bit of a headwind from that. So AFP will be slightly down relative to first quarter. And then youve got a step up in growth spend as we start ramping up the circular investments. And then there is just macro uncertainty, right? So weve adjusted our outlook. As I said earlier, about Avra is being a little bit softer sequentially as well as China and the COVID lockdowns is certainly having an impact on some of our businesses like performance films and in general, how we bring product into the country to get it delivered with all the different various lockdowns. So there is some sort of headwind there that were trying to estimate, but highly uncertain on how thats going to play out for the quarter.
David Begleiter: Very, very helpful. Thank you.
Mark Costa: Put it together, its still a 10% increase year-over-year. So its great momentum to building towards our full year guidance.
David Begleiter: Got it. And just on the CI spread normalization in the back half of the year, is that more supply-driven or demand-driven? And which products, in particular, are you looking for the spreads to normalize at first?
Mark Costa: Yes. So in the spread normalization, weve obviously been in very tight market conditions since the second quarter really since the beginning of the first quarter of last year and CI has benefited from that like many other companies in these intermediates. And the markets remain tight, and thats demand-driven. Demand is incredibly strong for all of the products or customers that were serving with those intermediates. And thats obviously holding up in the first quarter, expected to hold up in the second quarter. And there is also supply-driven issues that are creating constraints across both olefins and acetyls as you can see in the many announcements of operational issues across the planet. And the third issue thats new now that were still thinking through is the U.S. has just picked up a new advantaged cost structure relative to the energy costs now in Europe and Asia. So, that structural cost improvement is not yet factored into sort of how thats going to play out for the back half of the year or years ahead. But thats probably I would call it an upside if that continues to be true to how were looking at our forecast. So its really a combination of both, right? Were assuming that the economy start to slow down a bit with all the inflation out there, the Chinese issues, the Ukraine-Russia issues, so market softened a little bit. We assume people will get around to run their plants more reliably. So supply will start to improve and that creates some softness. But I think we all know that its hard to call when this normalization is going to occur. And so weve put in something to estimate that there is some normalization back to sort of what we call sort of normal margins. But its, frankly, anyones guess when thats actually going to occur. There is no specific data any of us have to make that call.
David Begleiter: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: We will take our next question from P.J. Juvekar with Citi. Please go ahead.
P.J. Juvekar: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Costa: Good morning.
P.J. Juvekar: There is a lot discussion about inflation in the economy and all that. Where you sit, from your vantage point, do you think 1Q was the peak inflation? Inflation could be raw materials, trucking, logistics, truck drivers, all that stuff. Or do you think inflation has peaked when you look at the second derivative of your businesses and you talk to your own people? Or do you think inflation will continue to go higher?
Mark Costa: Well, I think inflation is certainly going higher as you go into the second quarter. When you look at just all the price increases that we had to implement in April, to catch up to the inflation that occurred through the first quarter in our raw materials and energy costs. thats now higher prices in the second quarter flowing into our customers. And they are going to take all those higher prices and they are going to have to flow it into their products, which will go through this quarter into the third quarter. So I dont think were close to how inflation is going to peak downstream of us because this has all got multiple steps to be passed on through multiple quarters to get to the consumer. When you think about the inflation of our raw materials and energy costs, what were assuming right now is we are sort of peaking out in the second quarter and that it doesnt get worse as we go into the third quarter and the fourth quarter. In fact, maybe raw materials stabilize and come off a little bit in the back half of the year from the second quarter. So thats whats embedded in our forecast on our cost side. But if youre asking downstream, weve got, I think, multiple quarters before inflation reaches the consumer, all of whats happening to our part of the industry because were just so far up the value system.
P.J. Juvekar: Right. So consumer inflation would continue for the next couple of quarters is what youre saying? Thank you. And my second question
Mark Costa: For customers and consumers, yes. For us, we think second quarter is peak in our guide.
P.J. Juvekar: Right. And just you mentioned on methanolysis youre putting together these contracts to buy raw materials. How do these contracts  how are they structured? Is the fixed price or the price goes up with energy? And the same thing on the other side, when you sell your product, I would presume that you would sell it at a premium because it has lower carbon footprint. And so how does those contracts look like? Can you just sort of give us the terms and how these contracts are structured? Thank you
Mark Costa: Sure. So there is a spectrum of contracts that were securing when it comes to feedstock based on the source of the material. So there are some contracts that are exactly what you said, where they are going to  the alternative value is landfill. And so the pricing of that is set in a very stable manner. That doesnt have an alternative value to drive the price and value that material up or down. And were getting long-term contracts with source waste on that front. There are other products where youre competing maybe against a park bench or scrapping. So, down-cycled applications that perpetuate the linear economy and so we have to look at the alternative values of those applications and how that might change. So, there will be some connection to where price of oil goes, where alternative market values go that we have to compare our pricing to sort of secure that. So it will be connected to some either cost or price-based index. So there is a lot of different sources. But all of them when you look at what drives them up or down, they are actually relatively stable compared to where the price of oil goes every day on the sort of fossil feedstock-based market. And then you have to keep in mind that  on the customer side of things, there is two models we have in our pricing. So in our specialty business, pricing is going to be based as always on value. As I said earlier, the value of recycled content is quite high, right? So its not a speculation. You can look at just for PT for packaging, which is a relatively low value application compared to our specialties is trading on average, 50% premium to the fossil-based feedstocks. So plenty of premium there to create the circular economy and get waste out of the environment and lower the carbon footprint impact of our operations and the Scope 3 of our customers when they think about improving their overall carbon footprint. So they are paying a premium for that already. Thats not speculation. Thats just a fact. But you have to remember that  and the specialty pricing will just be based on that value and we will do it like we do pricing today. But for the PET and the textile applications, the packaging and textile applications, as we said, were not taking risk on the difference between our feedstock costs and market price, were doing cost pass-through contracts that give us predictable stable margins. Otherwise, we wont build these plants and invest them because I dont want to get caught in trying to speculate where the feedstock costs are going to go relative to market prices. Thats the Airgas model that were taking for those applications. So were not trying to exploit the spread expansion or take a spread contraction risk on those high-volume applications that baseload the second and third plants.
P.J. Juvekar: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Matthew DeYoe with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Matthew DeYoe: Thanks. So as we look at the year-over-year bridge to 2023, maybe its early, but it seems like  particularly for AM, it seems like the add back of $50 million on the accounting side is maybe a starting point. But you wont recover the full $100 million maybe or the $75 million of additional, I think you said so maybe half but youre also going to get that back through the course of the year. So I guess what  where do we  where should we start think about building a bridge for next year?
Mark Costa: I think that with AM, you start with the bridge it occurs every year. So when you look at Advanced Materials as a segment, its value creation starts with strong volume growth prediction when we look at the markets that we serve, automotive, I think odds are, I hope, good that supply chain issues get resolved and automotive it will be better next year than this year. The demand we have in the other end markets like durables, medical, all those have continued strength that we see going forward, especially medical. So the end markets, we expect to be relatively strong. Then we have the innovation that creates our own growth above these end markets. Weve proven that extensively over the last decade. So even in a softer economy, were still going to create growth over those end markets. And then youve got production catch-up, right? There is certain amount of production volume because the streamline event, were not going to realize this year, even though the demand is there for it. So that will be upside in volume next year, and there is the cost accounting issue really isnt a year-over-year tailwind because, well, its a headwind the first quarter, it sort of comes back, if you will, to the rest of the year. So thats not something I would include in the bridge for $23 million but tremendous amount of volume and then importantly, mix upgrade across all these volumes that were talking about that have high growth or very high value relative to the segment average in AM and certainly well above company average. So that creates a lot of mix leverage as always. So youve got all those drivers that are going to sort of increase success. And then on top of all that, youve got to start the circular plant that gives you a whole another growth driver and value up on mix because the margins are attractive there thats going to occur in 2023 relative to 22. So thats how we create value every year is control our cost structure, drive volume and mix spreads, my guess, are not a source of headwind or tailwind next year because were getting our margins back to pre-pandemic levels this year. So its a volume mix story as it always has been to deliver pretty attractive growth in 23 versus this year. This year is going to be a very attractive growth number relative to last year when you think about $650 million to $700 million. Thats tremendous growth relative to 21.
Matthew DeYoe: Thank you for that. And I guess it looked like corporate expense was zero for 1Q, part of that look like insurance proceeds and stuff like that. Does any of that flow into 2Q? Or do we see a more normal rate of corporate cost in 2Q or the rest of the year?
Willie McLain: Thanks for the question. For the rest of the year, we see roughly about an $85 million expense. Obviously, with the steam line incident, we stayed focused and Ill call it, the pace or level of investment in growth and projects. Also, Ill remind you that we had the adhesives business still part of Eastman and it was  the earnings were part of other during Q1. So as we ramp up the circular, as we also look at the startup and completion of the first methanolysis facility. The cost incurred and related to those initiatives will be paced through the back half of the year.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. So when you talk about the methanolysis project and producing packaging material, is what youre referring to disposable PET bottles. In other words, water bottles and what you have is essentially a more circular route to making the PET bottles. Is that  thats the essence of it?
Mark Costa: Jeff, thats it. So its not disposable water bottles, its now circular water bottles, right? So we were in the business of making PET. Obviously got out, because it became incredibly competitive if you want to go back to 2011 and with the first plant, just to be clear, its all specialties. The client plant were building is feeding over specialties. But when were talking about the plant in France or the second plant in the U.S., we are bringing back into our product portfolio, making PET or polyester for textiles. Both of those end markets have a phenomenal waste problem, as we all know, in the bottles being thrown away. And frankly, right after packaging waste, textile waste is the second hugest  second largest problem going to landfill incineration across the planet. Both of those issues need to be solved in significant ways. Thats why were taking this act to sort of bring the circular economy in the linear economy and eliminate fossil-based feedstocks. But the model is going to be very different in how we get back into it, Jeff versus where we were before. So it was market-based transactions, compete against China every day in the traditional PET business. In this business, were not building a plant unless we have long-term cost pass-through contracts that give us stable margins relative to wherever feedstock costs go and not connecting it whatsoever to the sort of traditional PET market pricing. So we get much more predictable and reliable returns on these investments. So thats basically the heart of what were trying to do in the model to make sure its different than what we did in the past.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay. I get that. And so in terms of the non-packaging applications, what youre doing is youre making a more specialized PET thats more capital intensive in the end rather than people who use, I dont know, recycled polypropylene. So what is it about the applications for your specialty PET that makes the customers want to buy a more expensive material? Is there some engineering characteristic that they have got so that they want to use specialty PET rather than less capital-intensive and cheaper polypropylene?
Mark Costa: Yes. Jeff, I just want to make sure we are keeping sort of different conversation clear. So, when you are saying specialty, are you talking about our specialty copolyesters and our Triton, or are you talking about
Jeff Zekauskas: Yes, thats what I am talking about. Yes.
Mark Costa: Yes. So, if you look at our sort of first plant thats going into Triton and our other copolyesters, its the same issue, right. So, Innovation Day, we told you a great story about Black & Decker, right. Its a drill. But they want to be part of the sector economy, they want to address their Scope 3 emissions, the emissions that are occurring in their supply base to improve their impact on climate and they want to make  they want to be using something that is getting waste out of the environment, right. Its part of how they are marketing their product and they are getting a premium on their products whether its a Triton water bottle for hydration as a reusable bottle sort of using a PT ball that you throw away, right. So, reuse in the 3Rs or its a drill or its a phone case where they want to make it out of recycled content to again, improve their impact on climate as well as the branding positioning they get about using recycled content. And all these brands are getting meaningful premiums well above the price, way, way above the price that we are charging for the polymer in their final products. So, its a value up for them and so we get a better price for this recycled content, so there is better spread for us as we sell this versus our current products and we are getting significant accelerated growth, not just in applications that we have been in, like water or reasonable water bottles, but also into new applications like phone cases where we werent before. And there is other electronic applications, automotive applications. So, its opening up, accelerated market growth that we can tap into as well.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay. Great. Thank you so much.
Mark Costa: Its actually been exciting because its the scope and strength of interest in this as well exceeded our expectations. So, we are rushing as hard as we can to get this plant up and running.
Operator: We will take our next question from Mike Sison with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Mike Sison: Hey guys. In Advanced Materials, you  in the first  in the January quarter, you gave a $700 million EBITDA or EBIT outlook, and you added sort of a lower part of the range this quarter, $650 million. Is that largely related to the Kingsport shutdown? And if it is, whats the impact in maybe 2Q in that outlook?
Willie McLain: So Mike, this is Willie. What I would highlight is, yes, it is a key component of  I will call it adding a lower end of the range for $650 million to $700 million. As we have highlighted, the impact in Q1 related to the steam line incident for Advanced Materials is approximately $100 million. Also we have highlighted that it will take us some time. We expect to get roughly half of the volume mix impact, which is for Advanced Materials, about $60 million. So, as you think about pacing that into the back half of the year. So, as Mark has highlighted, we remain confident in this business, and ultimately, it will put us on a strong pace in the back half of the year as we recover $100 million of spreads on a year-over-year basis and get our volume mix back to more normalized levels, which sets us up for more growth as we go into 23.
Mark Costa: Yes. Just to add one thing to that. There are really sort of three parts of this as we think about it versus where we were in the beginning of the year where we said we were going to be greater than $700 million. We obviously had the impact of the steam line incident that Willie just described. We also have expectations in the automotive market being a little bit weaker. And then we have the China COVID kind of underlying risk here that we are realizing in the moment. But the spreads are actually  the spread improvement relative to last year is very much on track relative to we were in January. So, that has held up, and we believe consistent with where we were in January. So, we went from greater than 700 to this sort of adjusted range now to reflect these headwinds.
Mike Sison: Got it. And then just a quick follow-up in chemical intermediates, I think you have had five quarters now above $100 million in just the EBIT. I mean in the event that oil stays high, demand stays good. And when I talk about the commodity folks, I dont think a lot of them are seeing sort of this normalization in the second half of the year. But is all that sort of plays out, would you stay above $100 million, because I think if I model out the segment, you would be below in the second half.
Mark Costa: Yes. So when you think about CI, you have to keep in mind, there are sort of three factors that cause the second half to be lower than the first half, right. So one, we have just normal seasonal volume trend off and functional means in the ag market. So, there is some of that, that occurs every year and certainly will happen this year, we believe. Second is just shutdown schedules. So last year, shutdown schedule was sort of loaded into the front half. This year, the shutdown schedule is loaded into the back half with a big cracker turnaround in the fourth quarter. So, there is just that sort of shift in maintenance expense thats going to occur. So, those two will moderate the second half to be lower than the first half, even if the spreads stayed the same in the back half of the year to the front half. So, then you get into this question about sort of markets softening and going more back towards normal versus where the margins are today. If you go do the math, you can see there are some headwinds already in the cracking spreads that creates a bit of a headwind that you can start seeing here in the second quarter. So, some of this is likely to happen. But again, we dont sell ethylene and propylene or we sell derivatives and those markets continue to be really tight. So, we are not going to see much of an impact on the sort of cracker spreads in the second quarter from what we can see. But we expect this will eventually start finding its way into the market as we get into the second half and some amount of normalization is going to occur. But we have all been guessing of when and how much its going to occur. And as I said earlier, I think we have taken a reasonable or conservative approach to say we are going to normalize and if we turn out to be wrong about that and it stays stronger into the second half, that will be upside.
Operator: We will take our next question from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Good morning. This is Maria Melina for Laurence Alexander. I had a question on the impact of China lockdown and COVID that you mentioned a couple of minutes ago. Do you expect to recapture the earnings after these lockdowns, or how do you see it playing out?
Mark Costa: Thats a good question. So, I would say China lockdowns is probably the biggest uncertainty that we can think of at this stage, especially in the second quarter. We have assumed that the lockdowns are continuing through this month and will start to get resolved in May. So, who knows whats going to happen, but just thats sort of what we have assumed into our forecast. Its impacting us in a couple of ways. One, our ability to impact import products into China, which is important for all of our segments, including Advanced Materials, where a lot of products are made from our Triton and then shipped around the world. And then you have got the impact on just demand in the country where you have got people buying cars and appliances and everything else and the impact that it has on our business from a direct demand point of view. So, we are keeping an eye on all those factors. Automotive seems to be the market most impacted at this stage, especially for performance films business at the point of sale for those films and paint protection and window films. But I think that overall, what we think is it is still underlying pent-up demand, especially on the export business that is still strong in Europe and the U.S. So, we do expect that there could be a rebound in demand when we get past how they are managing COVID, but its anyone guess on how managing COVID in China is going to go and sort of the pace and breadth of that impact.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Steve Byron with Bank of America. Please go ahead. Steve, your line is open. And we will take our next question from Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Arun Viswanathan: Great. Thanks. I guess I wanted to revisit the outlook for 23. You kind of laid out earlier. So, if you think about your own inflation potentially peaking in Q2 and then you look into the rest of the year, you laid out the 5% increase. When you look into next year, I guess, you will see potentially moderating feedstock environment, as you just noted. But do you still expect kind of 8% to 12% EPS growth in that? And if so, maybe what will be some of the drivers that would get you there? Would you see it like a still a $0.45 buyback opportunity, or how should we think about that as well? Thanks.
Mark Costa: Yes. So, 2023 bridge, I have to move that  thats a first for me in the first quarter call. But look, when we look at it for 23 as I said earlier, strong demand growth in AFP and AM will deliver earnings growth next year relative to this year. And we will have a tailwind because of the sort of capacity production disruptions we had this year that enable that volume recovery also to be a tailwind for next year. Its a little hard to predict where spreads are going to be next year in the specialties, but if inflation  if raw materials come off, that will create a tailwind relative to pricing for next year relative to this year, I think thats correct. Then you have got normalization of CI. So, how those two net out at the corporate level could be, to some degree, neutralized as a tailwind relative to this year. So, really a volume mix story as the key drivers. As always, we will manage our cost structure to make sure there is not a headwind there outside of some gross spend. And so we are set up, I think for improving EBITDA in a meaningful way. Obviously, we have a very strong cash flow and that will continue to be both reinvested in organic investments that we are doing for speciality as well as our circular plants. And as we said, in a Vision Day, there will still be money left over for share repurchases on top of that as we go through next year to create that EPS growth on top of the EBITDA growth relative to this year. So, we feel good about the 8% to 12%, but its a little early to see start calling the numbers.
Arun Viswanathan: Okay. Fair enough. And then I guess I just wanted to ask as a follow-up, back to the strategy on methanolysis. It sounds like initially, the plan is to roll out more of the specialty applications that over time potentially progress towards replacing some of the, as you said, circular water bottles. Is that really the strategy that Eastman wants to pursue, maybe longer term, do you see this company as kind of 50% specialties and then maybe 50% replacing some of these more commoditized applications, or how do you think about strategy and the strategy you guys have been following for many years of trying to go more downstream and more specialty and squaring that with the needs to replace some of these commoditized items with circular solutions.
Mark Costa: Yes. So, from a total company point of view, obviously, our strategy is very much focused on specialties and AM, AFP as well as textiles with our very differentiated biopolymers and new applications that we are creating for the biopolymers like microbeads and food service packaging, etcetera. So, when we think about specialty, lets just be clear what specialty means to us. Its attractive high stable margins. Over time where we have good pricing power because the value our products create in the marketplace to manage our pricing relative to our sort of raw material and energy costs and creating value for shareholders, not by expanding spread over time, because the spreads are already very attractive to start off with, but by growing volume quickly and because that is high margins, that translates into a significant mix upgrade at the corporate level. And whether thats especially copolyesters or Triton or coating additives or personal care additives or circular PET or circular textiles at very attractive margins that are very stable in cost pass-through contracts. Thats all in our category of specialty where we are bringing very attractive high margin growth, right. And you think of the circular platform, we have told you we are going to deploy $2 billion of capital across these first three plants. The first one being focused on specialty. France being a hybrid of specialty and PET and textiles. And the third being predominantly packaging textiles with, I will call it, specialty Circular Polymers. But that $2 billion translates into $450 million of EBITDA. So, when you look at the ROIC and the value creation from those three projects, I call it special.
Operator: Lets make the next question the last one please. Our final question is from Jaideep Pandya with On-Field Research. Please go ahead.
Jaideep Pandya: Thanks a lot. Your first question is really around the circular plastic projects that you have, to your point. And if you take France as an example, you want to invest $1 billion for 160 KT plant. So, if I just go by the returns numbers that you sort of said, I mean sort of back of the envelope, it feels like there will be  all else equal, you would need almost 3x the price of recycled polymer versus a virgin polymer. So, if that is not the case, then what is the inherent cost advantages in the cost structure, which make returns attractive and prices not ridiculously different from virgin polymer. Thats my first question. And the second question is just around cash flow. Sorry to ask this, but I suppose, is it really just a raw material inflation why you have changed your wording on the cash flow, or is there something else to it as well? Thanks a lot.
Willie McLain: Yes. Let me start with the cash flow question first. So yes, obviously, we have seen a pretty significant inflation here in the first quarter and as Mark highlighted, we expect that to peak in the second quarter. So, as we think about that, thats at least $100 million of headwind that we see. And what we are highlighting is a change in guidance. I would say our first quarter cash flow was probably pretty normal compared to pre-COVID. If you look back at the 17 to 19 timeframe, our Q1 is pretty representative. We had a couple of headwinds this year in Q1, which one is a higher than normal, I will call it, variable compensation payout as well as the impact of the steam line incident and the divested EBITDA year-over-year combining for about $100 million. So, as we go into the back half of the year, it will be more traditional. And we will use all the levers. We have made investments in integrated business planning to effectively and efficiently manage our inventories as well as, again, we look at our net 90 programs and terms and accounts payable as well as other avenues on the accounts receivable side. So, again, we have been able to demonstrate and deliver cash flow in multiple environments over the last several years and remain confident and robust cash flow this year.
Mark Costa: So, the first question, I am not quite sure how did the math, but its wrong. So, when you look at this plant in France, First of all, we have said that the first phase of the plant is going to be $600 million to $800 million, not $1 billion. The second phase where we are adding more specialty capability down the road is what gets you to the $1 billion. So, capital number is a bit lower than what you assumed. Second, when we look at the pricing, you got to remember the value that we are capturing is the price in the marketplace relative to the cost of our feedstock, right. Its a two-step investment, right. We are building methanolysis and we are building PET and selling PET revenue, right. That $600 million to $800 million is to build the methanolysis and the PET plant. So, the margins you are generating are a lot more substantial when you are going all the way to the cost of weight plastic waste, which is quite low relative to the pricing you get in the marketplace. So, when you do that math and say, okay, what premium do I have to get above the sort of fossil-based feedstock market, its not all that different than the premiums that exist in the market today for mechanical grade feedstock. And remember, our material is much higher quality and its clarity, its performance, reliability and safety, the mechanical grade feedstock. So, it is a high-value product and it is a long-term solution because we can infinitely recycle plastic waste, we dont degrade sort of after five labs like mechanical does. By the way, that makes us also a necessary complement to mechanical to keep it a viable stream in the long-term, because we can revitalize what is grading through our technology. So, a lot of value we bring to the marketplace, not just in what we provide, but enabling mechanical recycling to exist in the future, which it will not do without molecular recycling. So, there is a lot of value we can get, but we are taking a pretty reasonable pricing approach relative to the market and generating the sort of $450 million EBITDA to $2 billion of capital, so good returns.
Greg Riddle: Alright. Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Very much appreciate that. And I hope you have a great day. This concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays conference. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-28 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter Full Year 2021 Eastman Chemical Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman website, www.eastman.com.
 We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 
Greg Riddle: Thank you, Tracy. And hello, everybody, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Willie McLain, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Jake LaRoe, Manager, Investor Relations.
 Yesterday, after market closed, we posted our fourth quarter and full year 2021 financial results news release and SEC 8-K filing. Our slides and the related prepared remarks in the Investors section of our website, www.eastman.com.
 Before we begin, I'll cover 2 items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in our fourth quarter and full year 2021 financial results news release during this call, in the preceding slides and prepared remarks and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for third quarter 2021 and the Form 10-K to be filed for full year 2021.
 Second, earnings referenced in this presentation excludes certain noncore and unusual items. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded and adjusted items, are available in the fourth quarter and full year 2021 financial results news release.
 As we posted the slides and the accompanying prepared remarks on our website last night, we will now go straight into Q&A.
 Tracy, please, let's start with our first question. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will now take our first question from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. 
David Begleiter: Mark, just on Advanced Materials, very nice guidance for 2022. Can you talk to how much lines that you have to that $700 million EBIT being performed this year between price increases and innovation? 
Mark Costa: Sure, David, and it's good to hear from you. And we are really excited about Advanced Materials and its ability to deliver pretty substantial earnings growth, as you just mentioned. 
 And I think to talk about it, it's best to start with the context of last year because it really feeds into why we're so confident about this year. So last year, both at the company level as well, in particular, at the Advanced Materials level, primary demand was incredibly strong at the consumer level, strong in transportation, B&C, durables, a variety of markets, textiles, et cetera. And so there -- the constraint in serving it, especially in Advanced Materials, was -- in a demand situation, it was an outbound logistics and operational concern, because the demand did come back in such a strong way, we -- across the world, of course, ran into supply chain outbound logistics constraints in the industry. And we at Eastman had operational constraints. And so you've got all this primary demand.
 Then you've got the innovation driving the growth to be well above end markets, especially in durables, and transportation and textiles -- textiles is fibers. And you've got these operational constraints, right, that were in 3 buckets. There were planned shutdowns and in particular, in Advanced Materials, we had a pull forward, the line conversion of Tritan, because that demand was so strong, we weren't unable to serve it with the existing capacity. So we had that line conversion that took a bunch of capacity off-line during the second quarter of last year. And then we had a long shutdown in the fourth quarter to expand capacity and improve reliability. And bringing that facility -- set of facilities back up online in December took a lot longer than we expected. So operationally constrained demand through last year.
 So when you look at this year, from a volume mix point of view, we expect to have a lot more capacity. And we're in a better logistics position to serve all that demand. Innovation will continue to deliver a lot of strong growth on top of that, that allows us to have a big -- a very large driver on that front.
 In addition to that, of course, with the market being so constrained and tight last year, we had extraordinary inflation across the company and in AM. And it really accelerated through the back half of last year, Advanced Materials in particular. And so we -- there was a period of time, as always, that takes prices to catch up to raws. Now on that front, we did a great job of getting all of our prices back up in specialty plastics as well as new contracts and interlayers to recover the distribution energy and raw material headwind that we had incurred.
 And as we look forward, those prices are sufficient to cover -- raw material and energy costs being similar to fourth quarter and an increasing logistics headwind this year. So you've got at least $100 million of spread tailwind that is fairly well defined by the prices we have in place now. So you put those together, that's very strong growth. But then there's still a cost tailwind as well for this segment. So when you have all those operational shutdowns like we did last year, it's not just the higher maintenance costs, the lost volume opportunities, it also led to a very high air freight expense. At the company level, airfreight was probably $65 million last year relative to a normal $10 million, and a lot of that was in Advanced Materials.
 So our supply chains are in much better shape where we're not going to incur that air freight this year, already have good plans to materially reduce it back to that more normal level. Not all the way there, but good progress. So you've got cost tailwinds, to some degree, offset by gross spend. But when you put it all together, it adds up to a very impressive earnings outlook for Advanced Materials. And you'll see that immediately in the first quarter with strong sequential improvement as that volume and mix improves without the operational constraints of that fourth quarter, which was over $25 million there.
 Spread expansions are going to occur by those prices that are already in place as we talked about and costs will be a bit better. So we feel great about the segment. And it's really a testament to the innovation, right? It's not just about markets. We're growing well above our markets, even in automotive being above the automotive challenges by a significant amount. 
David Begleiter: Very good. And just one thing, lastly on Fibers, Mark, you referenced strong growth in textile products. Can you help talk about the growth of those products in '21 as well as your earnings profitability and what you foresee for 2022 in textile products? 
Mark Costa: Yes. Textiles is a great story. As you know, we've been investing in building out a new set of markets with an improved Naia textile fiber. And then we've been able to add sustainability to this value proposition with, not just the biopolymer content that we've had forever, but now the acetyl component, the other 40% being derived from waste plastic. So you've got a product that is sustainable and sustainably growing force wood pulp made from moist plastic and certified biodegradable as microfibers if they get into the ocean through the washing machine, et cetera.
 So that value proposition, especially for luxury brands and the women's wear market, where sustainability is a very important factor, is driving just tremendous growth from that market, combined with market recovery from 2020. So you saw a very good revenue in the Fibers segment that was driven by this. Revenue volume mix was relatively stable in tow. And so the revenue growth is really being driven by the great success we're having in this space. And it's exciting because we see that continuing, right? The growth we're seeing in women's wear, also starting to get in athleisure is creating a lot of opportunities to grow. In fact, this is like Tritan, where we're moving quickly now to convert more tow lines to making Naia textile fibers to keep up with the growth that we see this year and the years to come.
 So it's an exciting story. And they obviously -- and this business, by the way, on the textile side did a nice job of keeping prices to keep up with raws. The spread compression that happened in this segment was really on the tow side. 
Operator: We will now take our next question from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. 
Vincent Andrews: Mark, maybe you could just talk to us a bit more about the recycling plant announcement in France. And 2 particular areas I'm interested in is, one, just on the milestones that -- the boxes you need to check and your comfort that you're going to check those boxes, and maybe over what period of time you think you'll be able to do it.
 And then following up on the textiles line of discussion. I did notice that you did include textile applications as an outlet for the France project. So I'm just curious, in that overall project, how big of the mix textiles might be? And if the -- versus maybe a year ago, if the incoming on textiles for that type of a facility is really increasing, and maybe that's going to be another vector for this application. 
Mark Costa: Thanks, Vince. And we're really excited to get this second project announced. Obviously, we're incredibly excited about the first project we're building that will be online at the end of this year, proving out this technology at much larger commercial scale and enabling very attractive specialty growth here in the short term.  
 But as we look at the French project and getting a position in Europe to serve and enable the circular economy is just an exciting opportunity. We looked all over Europe, and France was a very unique opportunity that we're very excited about. The French government was very committed to be a leader on plastic waste and climate, as you might imagine, and really trying to develop a circular economy. So they were willing to be aggressive on how they're going to improve their recycling infrastructure to support this plant. And they were helpful in making sure we found the right set of incentives, right understanding, and very available green feedstock for the recycling feedstock, as well as green energy and steam. So a lot of factors came together to make France a very attractive location.
 And Europe as a market, very attractive, because, especially in France, those brand leaders, especially in the cosmetic luxury space, are very forward-leaning on sustainability on plastic waste and dealing with climate. So strong engagement. They wanted to have a plant in their backyard. So once again, good choice in France. That allows us to have a very strong competitive position and being a solution provider in this space.
 So market demand very strong. As you saw, a number of LOIs in place. One of the milestones that has to be completed, Vincent, is just completing those agreements to lock in both the specialty offtake of this plant as well as the PET offtake. And I'll come to textiles in a moment. But it is -- this plant is going to be a mix. So the first plant is going to be primarily specialties. This plant will be a mix of continuing to have our specialty capability there around our copolyesters as well as making PET for packaging. So we've got to complete those agreements. Engagement is very strong and make sure that's done.
 The second thing, of course, is sourcing feedstock. And we're making great progress with a number of suppliers in the feedstock. One of the attractive aspects of France is there's over 600,000 tons of polyester waste a year, and so tapping into that as well as other countries across Europe. So we're confident we're going to get the feedstock, but you got to make sure you've completed that sourcing.
 And then the site selection is the last part, which is we have 3 very attractive sites identified. They all have very attractive green energy supply. But we're working through what is the best one with the right logistics for both inbound and outbound as you're moving a lot of material here as well as that green energy, which is key to our carbon footprint and our cost structure. And so we're working through all of that. But I'm very confident. All 3 sites are attractive. We just need to decide which one. So we feel good about the track we're on. It's just completing the work that we have going.
 And then on textile, it will be -- yes. On the textiles part, Vincent, textiles will be part of it. It's not our primary focus at the moment because we've had so much engagement in the packaging and the specialty side. We've been primarily working with customers on that front. So we're starting engagement on the textiles side. Right after packaging in plastic waste, the biggest second contributor to incineration and landfill is textile waste. So there is going to be a significant and meaningful circular economy. That's why we're having so much success in our Naia cellulosic fibers is for the same reason, but we expect textiles to be a part of this project. But I'm not yet sure what percent, so I don't want to get into that at this point. But no doubt, it's a source of feedstock and it's a source of offtake. 
Operator: We will now take our next question from Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas: In your script, you talked about elevated spreads in your Chemical Intermediates business that you thought in the second half might be more narrow. Which are the spreads that are elevated now that might narrow later in the year? 
Mark Costa: Sure, Jeff. So obviously, spreads on the olefin side are the area where we've had the most expansion through last year. And there was a belief, at some point, markets will sort of normalize as supply and demand come into more balance. And we thought that would happen in the fourth quarter, and it's held up better than expected, as you can see in our results. And we expect, frankly, those spreads to continue to hold up as we go into the first quarter. And then our forecast is based on moderation, starting in the second quarter and becoming more towards normal in the back half of the year. which is just a forecast. As we all know right now, Jeff, no one really knows exactly how that spread normalization is going to occur. But just to be clear, that's what's in our assumptions.
 It's important to remember that there's other things that go on in this segment that create a lot of value, right? So we've got very good volume mix upgrade, especially mix upgrade, and the growth we have in ag functional means -- and especially plasticizers. And acetyls will actually be up in earnings in a meaningful way this year versus last year. Because last year, we had a very large shutdown in our acetyl complex. So we're going to have a lot more volume to sell this year. And acetic anhydride because of contractual reasons didn't improve that much last year and it's catching up to the better market conditions this year, and so we're going to have better sort of margins in the acetic anhydride, which really is the larger part of our business. You have to remember, acetic acid is a small co-product for us. And so we're not that levered to what's going on in that market.
 So you've got a lot of positives going on, not to mention substantial cost tailwind for this segment when you think about -- the high shutdown schedule I mentioned in Advanced Materials, and how that's a tailwind, that applies across the company. And a good portion of that high shutdown -- unusually high shutdown schedule last year was in CI, right? We delayed a bunch of maintenance turnarounds from 2020 into '21 for safety reasons and keeping people from getting COVID. So we had a high schedule there. We also had some unplanned outages like Uri and a few other outages in CI in the fourth quarter that were a headwind, that will be -- all become a tailwind. So you've got cost tailwinds, operational cost savings, improvements. And then you've got these other businesses growing that net against whatever the normalization of CI is on the olefin spreads. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas: In your proposed French plant, can you give us some insight into what you expect your customer agreements to look like? Do you want to carve up the plant into certain segments and have some, I guess, more defined rate of return that's less volatile based on various changes in costs? Or do you wish to go about it in a different way? 
Mark Costa: So we definitely are focusing and designing these plants with an absolute focus on maintaining steady spreads as much as possible to provide a very reliable source of EBITDA for the company and margin stability and how it shows up every year. So that's our focus.
 Now there are 2 models in how you do that. The first model is a certain percentage of this plant will continue to be specialties, like what we're doing in Kingsport. There's a tremendous amount of demand in cosmetics, in electronics and some very sort of unique high-value packaging items that are specialty products that we sell every day now. And we base those prices on value. And we have good differentiated positions in the marketplace to maintain prices relative to raw material costs. And so our pricing strategy for the specialty part of the plant would be what we do every day in Advanced Materials.
 In addition, and a good portion of the volume will be making PET for packaging. And that will be the circular contracting model we talked about at Innovation Day. Brad covered it pretty thoroughly. And those will be take-or-pay long-term contracts that the prices are based on the value that we have in providing mechanical recycling content to the marketplace. Remember that current food grade rPET is trading at a 40% to 50% premium to sort of virgin PET today and for the last couple of years in the European market. And these will be cost pass-through contracts. So we're not going to be taking risk on what the feedstock costs are, which makes a lot of sense for the customers, because if the feedstock cost for us go up, the food grade mechanical recycling costs are going to go up even more. So this is a hedge for them about the risk of buying mechanical recycle content relative to what the cost pass-through contract would provide, which will be relatively more stable. So those are the kind of contracts we have. So stable margins derived from both parts of the plant.  
 The exact mix of what is going to be specialty versus PET and textiles is still being determined by us because we're seeing a lot more specialty demand than we originally expected. And so that's good. Those are higher margins. And so we're working on how to balance all of that out. But whatever we build is going to be flexible. So the lines that make PET will have the ability to flex and make our specialty copolyesters in the future, so we can always mix upgrade these facilities over time if that opportunity presents itself. 
Operator: We will now take our next question from P.J. Juvekar from Citi. 
P.J. Juvekar: Mark, you were in the PET business before, then you got out. What is your confidence level to get this 12% ROC that you were talking about in this French plant? And you talked about recycled PET, rPET. We know it swings wildly. I mean is that -- the spread is kind of locked in, in your mind to get that 12% ROC? Can you just talk about that a little bit? 
Mark Costa: Sure. And our absolute focus has been on this question because I have no intention of getting back into the merchant PET business that had wide swings in profitability. I ran the business for quite some time in a number of years ago and not going back there. 
 So we've been very clear with investors as well as customers that the approach we're taking here is different. And it goes back to what I just said to Jeff's question, right? The PET part of this business is going to be in long-term offtake contracts with cost pass-through structures where we're not taking spread risk on what the price versus feedstock cost is. That's the only way we're going to build this plant, right? So those contracts you have to get in place, customers are engaged, understand that. That's what's in these LOIs that we're getting. And of course, we've got to still work through all the details to get to complete agreements, which is one of those milestones that Vince asked for a moment ago. 
 But to be clear, we're not going to build the plant unless we get it that way, right? We're not going to give -- slide back into sort of that volatile business that is the normal PET business.
 And the specialties, we have a very long demonstrated track record for a few decades now, especially the last decade of delivering very strong volume growth, but also very steady spreads over time. Obviously, there's like, all specialties, sort of expansion contraction with movements in deflation or inflation of your raw materials, but we have very differentiated positions. And frankly, this plant is going to give us even more differentiated position relative to competitors, because we're going to have recycled content in our products in a plant based in Europe that gives a much better circular economy benefit for anyone who wants to buy from this plant. The circular economy is a very regional concept. So when we build plants in Europe or in the U.S., it's a significant advantage relative to Asian competitors in how we can sort of provide sort of within region solutions. 
P.J. Juvekar: Great. And congrats on that plant. My next question is... 
Mark Costa: Thank you. We're really excited. 
William McLain: Thank you. 
P.J. Juvekar: Yes. My next question is quickly on inventory levels. And it looks like inventory must be low given that you're airfreighting raw materials here. What's the inventory levels at your customers when you look down the chain or look across your portfolio? Is it quite low? And are some companies are expecting some coil back in business activity because of low inventories? What's your take on that? 
Mark Costa: Yes. So inventories are historic lows for us, and as far as we can tell with our customers, historic lows for them, too. I should have put that in my stream in David's question around Advanced Materials. That's another driver of volume growth on top of good market pent-up demand and the logistics constraints being freed up and our innovation driving growth. There is this need to rebuild inventories all the way down the chain, pretty much across every market. I would say the only exception I can think of across all of our markets is to where the cigarette customers are about normal inventories. But automotive obviously has a huge amount of pent-up demand and need to build reinventory. Building construction, same thing. Durables, where we've seen a lot of growth, there's still a lot of inventory rebuild in that stream. And the list goes on. And that's in AFP as well with coatings and care chemicals and animal nutrition. So another upside that creates a lot of demand, this year we'll still be pegged against what we can make and ship as we continue to expand capacity to enable more growth next year. 
Operator: We will now take our next question from Kevin McCarthy from Vertical Research Partners. 
Kevin McCarthy: You signaled plans to deploy $1.4 billion of capital in 2022. And I was wondering if you could help us understand what the mix of repurchases versus M&A might be, also the timing of that deployment, recognizing that you're set to close the adhesives deal, I would think, relatively soon. And then as a matter of clarification, is that deployment included in your EPS range? 
William McLain: Yes. Thanks, Kevin. This is Willie for the question. So yes, we actually put a lot of the proceeds and the free cash flow to work at the end of 2021. So I would highlight that we repurchased roughly 1 billion shares, of which 700 million was during Q4, mostly in November and December. As we think about having $1.4 billion next year, it's a combination of the proceeds from our adhesives divestiture, and we anticipate that, that will be at the end of Q1 from a closing standpoint, as well as the additional, I'll call it, cash flow that we'll have from operations as we think about also increased organic spend. So $1.4 billion, we would expect to start putting that to work in Q2, is when we would expect to do that. And you can think about probably greater than $1 billion on share repurchases, with the additional optionality as we think about the other $400 million as we get into the back half of the year and see how things develop with our portfolio of bolt-on and pipeline. 
Kevin McCarthy: Great. That's helpful. And then maybe, Mark, as a follow-up to that, what are you looking to do with the bolt-on M&A pipeline strategically? And I don't know however you want to frame that in terms of product interest or geographic interest or other objectives. 
Mark Costa: Yes. So we are looking at bolt-on M&A. I would say that we are exceptionally busy with our top specialty innovation growth programs across the company and ensuring we deliver on that as well as building out the circular platform, right? We've now got the project in Kingsport. We've got the announcement in France. We're still working on that third project in the U.S. and making progress on that. So that is a huge amount of EBITDA in play for long-term growth from an organic point of view from -- on the specialty side, accelerated by all this circular opportunity. So bolt-on M&A is a priority, but it's after those 2 topics.
 We do see opportunities in Advanced Materials and AFP. As I've said before, our priorities remain the same around ways to open up new markets with compounding capability in a few targeted areas, and specialty plastics. The renewable content of Tritan is opening up new market opportunities in the opaque space and some other more engineered performance dimensions than what we've had in our typical value proposition in electronics and automotive. There are a lot of opportunity there that we want to sort of make sure we can exploit and grow.  
 We're always interested in growing our Performance Films business and have had a great track record of continued bolt-ons there, and that should continue. And then whether it's performance, personal care or coating additives, there's -- those opportunities that leverage our very strong position in our technology platforms and our market positions, that we'll look at. So it's sort of those 4 areas and animal nutrition, right?
 So a number of different places where we could consider doing it. And -- but the markets are pretty overheated. And we're going to always remain disciplined in our capital deployment to make sure we get an attractive return for investors. So we'll just have to see if that gets done. If it doesn't happen, as Willie said, that extra $400 million of cash above the $1 billion this year, we'll turn into share repurchases. 
Operator: We will now take our next question from Mike Sison from Wells Fargo. 
Michael Sison: A quick one on AFP. You're looking for 10% growth versus last year. Any commentary? You have 4 for businesses in the segment now. Will they all sort of grow in that line, some above, some below? 
Mark Costa: Yes. So first of all, we're really excited to have the new focused AFP. And it is very attractive growth when you look at what we're guiding to recast $450 million EBIT last year of the AFP business, excluding tires and adhesives. So that is very strong growth. 
 And it really is the same story, just not as extreme as the Advanced Material story earlier, right? So we've got very good volume mix growth in coatings, in personal care, in water treatment, in animal nutrition, in specialty fluids. All of those elements of the market were drivers of growth last year and are expected to continue to be drivers of growth this year. This is also a place where we had an usually high shutdown schedule, last year especially for the care solutions business. And so you've got just that freed up capacity to enable more volume growth on top of market growth as we go into this year.
 And then you've got restocking, because none of these customers have inventory, as I mentioned earlier, so there's the restocking benefit. And then there's the innovative growth that is continuing to gain traction here and starting to sort of build like what we have in Advanced Materials across coatings and care solutions. So that's all contributing. You've got spread improvement. 
 Now this business increased prices a lot faster last year because a lot of their positions are in cost pass-through contracts that track pretty quickly with the raws by definition. And so those prices increased a lot. So we didn't have as much of a spread headwind in this business last year as we did in Advanced Materials. Therefore, this year, we're not going to have as much of a tailwind, but we're still going to have a meaningful tailwind.
 And then, of course, you've got the overall net cost structure being considerably lower this year for the company, and AFP will pick up part of that. Then it gets netted off by gross spend. So well positioned to deliver growth. And it's really across all the segments: coatings, residential. Construction is obviously incredibly tight. Automotive has plenty of room for recovery this year. We've got some actually great growth in semiconductors in the coatings business. And animal nutrition is going to have a very good solid year. And personal care is a great, stable business, with more capacity to sell this year. 
Michael Sison: Got it. And then a follow-up in Advanced Materials. Just curious if you could give us a little bit of maybe sensitivity in the $100 million spread recovery. Oil is pretty high now. And if inflation gets worse, how does that affect that $100 million? And I guess, would you just sort of make it up in Intermediates in the event that happens? So the net-net number would still be pretty good? 
Mark Costa: Yes. So first of all, we said greater than $100 million. So we have some room for air with -- of the more recent inflation to deliver that $100 million. Second, we have good pricing power and a strong demand environment. We just spent considerable time talking about how primary demand and our direct customer demand is well in excess of what can be provided. And they need to rebuild inventory on top of that. So we feel confident in that environment. We have pricing power. And if we see raw material inflation go up, we'll increase prices further from where we are today. But I think the team has done an excellent job when you look at -- the raw material inflation really didn't accelerate until towards the end of August. And by January, we caught up to it. That's actually -- in the world of specialties, actually very good excellence when you think about the extremity of this inflation we were chasing, to be in a very good position for the first quarter.
 And to be clear, what our assumption is, on a full year basis, this year, raw materials and energy are going to be a headwind relative to last year, which is basically assuming those prices remain elevated around fourth quarter. We are also expecting distribution costs to be a headwind this year as the supply chain tensions are not resolving anytime soon. And the prices we currently have in place gets you that greater than $100 million tailwind. So I think we're in a good position. And if oil keeps going up, we'll raise prices. 
Operator: We will now take our next question from John Roberts from UBS. 
John Roberts: Are there any constraints on growing the green textile fiber business? Can we assume that for many years, you can convert capacity from cig tow? And are there any constraints on putting more waste plastic into the gasifier to grow the acetyls component of that? 
Mark Costa: Yes. So there's no limitation to our ability to grow the Naia textiles business long term. So we definitely have tow assets available to be converted. And obviously, the tow market continues to have sort of a 2% to 3% decline, making additional capacity available. So it's just time and CapEx to convert those lines to make the Naia fibers. And we've had some really interesting breakthroughs on the process innovation side to improve our ability to do that in a capital-efficient manner. So we're really excited about that. So we can definitely sort of convert capacity to grow with the market.
 And then when it comes to recycled content for the -- when we look at where we can go in Naia textiles, where we can go in engineered thermoplastics and specialty plastics, where we could go in food service and -- which could be significant volume with our biodegradable polymers. We have the ability and the microbeads, which isn't very much volume, but very high value. We have plans in place where we can, with reasonable capital, improve the capability of the front end of the gasification complex to process whatever plastic waste we need to support all that growth. 
John Roberts: And then should we assume all of the PRT facilities going forward are going to have a mixed waste plastic processing as well? You've got it in Kingsport. Now you'll have it in France. I was thinking before, you would basically only have mixed waste in Kingsport and the PRT plants would be really polyester-only. 
Mark Costa: No, we'll have it everywhere. It's really important. Just the scale of it will depend on the market and the opportunity that we're pursuing. The -- whatever plastic you get, even if it's "all polyester," it's not. When it shows up at the plant gate, there's all kinds of stuff, rocks, aluminum, other polymers that are still in that bale. And you really don't want to put that in the plant. So to some degree, you've got to have this processing on the front to make sure that what you're putting in the front of the plant is as pure polyester is possible. And this is one of the competitive advantages I think that Eastman is going to have versus our competitors, is this is a very efficient process we've developed and patented on how to do that. And if you don't have that ability, no matter how good the bale is that's being delivered to you, you're going to have a serious conversion problem on what's going in the front end to getting high-quality output on the back end.
 One of the great things that 30 years of experience got us in working with a commercial scale plant at -- with Kodak and Eastman is, we learned a lot about how to have high conversion efficiency and how to have high energy efficiency. And so our plant's capable of 93% conversion on a polyester level from what goes in, to what comes out, which is incredibly high compared to most technologies. But you still got to make sure it's polyester you're sticking in the front end. So that mix processing is another competitive advantage that you put together with all of our other advantages that gives us confidence that we can be a leader in the space. 
Operator: We will now take our next question from Frank Mitsch from Fermium Research. 
Frank Mitsch: Mark, I can safely say that you had a more eventful Martin Luther King Day than most people on this call. That looked pretty impressive, that backdrop, to be sure. One of the key drivers for growth in '22 is the $75 million tailwind from planned shutdowns and operational disruptions year-over-year. I do like the slide on -- I do like Slide 16 that shows kind of the planned shutdowns. But if I'm reading that correctly, that's -- it's a $5 million net benefit and you're talking about $75 million. Is that just kind of the unplanned outages that you had in '21 or -- that obviously you're not counting on for '22? But how should we think about that? 
Mark Costa: Great. So I'm going to let Willie answer your question. But the Macron visit was great. And I put myself in lockdown for the 2 weeks leading up to it so I didn't get Omicron and couldn't go. So -- but it was -- he was impressive, actually, I have to say. He was well-briefed, detailed conversation that went for a long time with him around what he wants in a circular economy and how we're going to be the largest investment in France this year. And he wanted to make sure that the government is doing everything they can to ensure our success. And so it was impressive to see him spend a lot of time with me and actually on the detail of making sure we succeed. So it was a good experience. But to the cost question, I'll let Willie take it. 
William McLain: Thanks, Frank, for the question. To your point, '22, there's several significant tailwinds on the cost front. So first, it's greater than $75 million versus last year and that's due to the unusually high planned shutdown schedule. And the schedule should be about $50 million relative to that on a year-over-year basis. But we also had some unexpected challenges like Winter Storm Uri. Obviously, that seems like a long time ago at this point. And if you think about, I'll call it, the momentum from '20, we had to defer several shutdowns in the '21 because of COVID and then also accelerated, as Mark highlighted earlier, debottlenecks and to improve our reliability. And it's not just the higher maintenance cost. It's the impact of that lost capacity that we had in 2021 that gives us the growth potential given the pent-up demand and I'll call it the supply chain that still need to rebuild inventories.
 Also, there's an $85 million tailwind on variable comp that goes back to normal in 2022. And we continue our operations transformations, and we think that will be another $50 million to $75 million. Now also, as we enter 2022, inflation is going to be much higher than traditional. We think that number is probably $100 million to $125 million. So as you look at this, the net tailwind is greater than $100 million and it likely offsets any of the scenarios on CI normalization of margins. And in other words, our growth forecast really centers on the belief that we can grow specialty volumes and catch up to the raw material headwinds and also the logistics headwinds that Mark highlighted earlier. And on top of that, we'll be buying back shares. 
Frank Mitsch: Got you. That's very helpful, very detailed. And then if I could ask a follow-up on the moving of the pricing in specialties up to the level of inflation during this quarter that you caught up. And I know you're guiding to keep raws flat 4Q '21 through the balance of '22. But if you get a situation that perhaps raws do erode, what's your confidence level in being able to hang on to your higher pricing in the specialties arena? Or how should we think about that interplay? 
Mark Costa: Yes. So it all comes down to sort of why things happen, Frank. But if raws are eroding because supply demand just is a little bit more balanced, but demand is still reasonably good, which I think I've covered earlier on our confidence on why that will be the case, that becomes a tailwind. So that would be an additional tailwind relative to our forecast. 
Operator: We will now take our next question from Bob Koort from Goldman Sachs. 
Robert Koort: I'm going to start out on the French announcement, the French plant. You mentioned you're going to have the mixed plastic processing upfront. What do you do with the nonpolyester stuff? Do you sell that to somebody else that gasifies it or burns it? Or where does it go exactly? 
Mark Costa: Yes. So the -- so what we don't use goes back into the recycling stream and ends up being used by another recycling process. So for example, most of what would be left over could be used by a pyrolysis plant, and there are several of those kind of projects being developed in France. So they could take the material and turn it into a circular economy for the olefin world. Worst-case scenario, it gets incinerated like it does today. All of this material these days is being incinerated, right? So you got to keep in mind that the overall recycling industry has a significant need to sort of improve its infrastructure and its recycling, right? So France alone has 600,000 tons of polyester waste. Just over half of that is packaging. The rest is textiles and carpets. The textiles and carpets is incinerated. It has no alternative solution until we show up on the polyester side of carpet and textiles with a solution where it can be recycled.
 So -- and on the packaging side, only about 15% to 20% of what is captured by the mechanical recyclers actually finds its way back into a bottle. The rest of it is being down cycled. So as we sort of optimize the system, we're -- the mechanical recycling feedstock, as we've talked about, degrades over time so we have to have this molecular recycling technology to close this loop. And it has to be done because plastic is by far the most carbon-efficient product versus other materials. So if we're going to be science-driven, that's where this opportunity is so significant for us. But there's a whole ecosystem of recycling infrastructure, Bob, that gets created. And this mixed plastic processing actually just -- doesn't just enable polyester for us, but actually enables a cleaner feedstock for other technologies at the same time. 
Robert Koort: And can you license that technology? It sounds like you've got something that's novel there. Maybe there's a stream, a licensing stream there? 
Mark Costa: Yes. We're looking at licensing and partnering opportunities because it in itself can really unlock and enable a lot of feedstock recycling infrastructure affordably. So we are very much looking at that and how -- it's part of how we partner with people who are going to source us feedstocks and other opportunities. 
Robert Koort: And then I guess in Kingsport, you're going to use some of your material to do some Tritan Renew. Would it make sense if you're going to have a suite of products, one of those being a PET resin plant, to not just send then that DMT and paraxylene to an existing PET plant and have them toll it because they could still get the same sort of renewable certificate for it, and then you wouldn't have to spend the capital or maybe have a subscale plant versus a fossil fuel plant? 
Mark Costa: Yes. So it's unfortunately not that simple. A long time ago, DMT is a relatively high-cost way to make the intermediate for making PET. It enables a much higher performing product, which is why we use it in our specialty products. It gives you much better clarity and better performance on many dimensions. So we're DMT based as a competitive advantage for specialties. But the existing PET infrastructure that's in Europe and really across the world for that matter is based on PTA. And so you can't just swap out PTA and use DMT in an existing PET plant. You'd have to spend a significant amount of capital to convert the facility. And once you start looking at that capital conversion cost, you might as well just build a new plant. It's more -- it's a better integrated return. 
Operator: We will now take our next question from Matthew DeYoe from Bank of America. 
Matthew DeYoe: I wanted to talk a little bit about Naia and tow and the conversions. I mean is there a point where converging -- converting tow lines can happen at a big enough rate that you'll substantially tighten the tow market? Or is that unlikely or too far out or not the right way to think about it? 
Mark Costa: No, it's a very good question, one we spend a lot of time on. And as we look at the Naia tow conversion as well as before you get to tow, the ability to redeploy flake, the intermediate, the polymer basically that goes into the spinning lines, into food service and in the thermoplastics creates different ways to sort of redeploy the entire integrated stream. And it created a very tight stream relative to where it is today. But yes, there are ways to look at converting capacity on the tow front.
 There's also new technologies, the next-generation technology we're working at that I'm not going to get into detail now, that would be a different way to make the fiber at a much more capital efficient and advantaged greenhouse way. So we're pursuing all those options. And whether it makes the total tow industry exceptionally tight isn't just about us, right? It's also about what happens with our competitors and what they do with their capacity. And we're very fortunate to have a long multi-decade history of innovation in cellulosics to all these different specialty applications that allow us to create all these new opportunities for growth that allow us to keep our stream tight and grow it when you include the specialties with the fiber complex.
 But it's not as clear that everyone else can do the same thing. And so I'd hesitate to say that the industry in total is going to become extremely tight. But I would tell you with the capacity reductions that have already happened in the tow industry over the last several years, and we're doing -- certainly tightening the market in a meaningful way. 
Matthew DeYoe: I appreciate that. And you might have kind of answered this a bit in Mike's question. But if I think about kind of the cadence on raw material recapture and AM, I mean, is it really like January, you're back? I mean what quarter are we looking at here where price overtakes raws, because I'd think things like advanced interlayers could see a meaningful step change kind of day 1, just given annual pricing, but I don't know that that's the correct way to think about it. 
Mark Costa: Yes. So day 1, this quarter relative to the fourth quarter, you're going to see substantial spread expansion with the prices that we've put in place relative to Q4. That's a big driver of the, not just annual outlook for Advanced Materials, but the strong improvement we're guiding to you about Advanced Materials on a Q1 to -- I'm sorry, Q4 to Q1 basis. Combined with the volume and mix growth, it really is a big substantial step up from where we were in the fourth quarter. So yes, it's going to start happening right now.
 It picks up momentum though. So the expansion gets more significant in the second, third and fourth quarter when you look at it on a year-over-year basis for where all the value comes from, not just on spread, but also on volume mix improvement. We were really constrained because we're normally seasonally stronger in the second quarter on volume mix. But last year, we couldn't do that because of the shutdown that we had to do to do the Tritan conversion. So a lot better ability to grow volume in the second quarter as well as spread improvement. So AM will actually have a very good second quarter relative to the first quarter when you put that together. So no, it's happening now. 
Operator: We will now take our next question from Alex Yefremov from KeyBanc. 
Aleksey Yefremov: Mark, so waste sorting is one of the key steps in recycling. You talked about your experience was proprietary sorting process. So in terms of scale, what you've done so far in this area, how much of a scale increase is what you're going to be doing in France or other sites? How much of an increase of operational risk is it? 
Mark Costa: Yes. There's really not much operational risk in the mixed processing part of cleaning up the feedstock before the plant and it's very low capital in the way to do it. So we've already -- are constructing the facility here for our sort of 110 KMT of inbound feedstock to this facility and the same larger scale facility will be built in Europe. What's interesting is it's modular. So as we look at this, there's an opportunity to actually do it in multiple locations to be more logistically efficient in how we source waste and collaborate with sourcing partners. So we're still debating on how much we do it on site versus closer to where the feedstock is being sourced to get a more streamlined stream moving across the road to us. So there are definitely some design options there with our sourcing partners or feedstock sources on how we're trying to think that through. 
Aleksey Yefremov: And a follow-up on rPET. What is your cost position relative to food-grade mechanical rPET? And on the pricing side, do you think your customers would be willing to pay a premium for chemically recycled PET versus mechanical rPET? 
Mark Costa: So our cost structures, we're not going to sort of get into debating and discussing sort of detailed cost structures. But what I can say is that when we look at our cost structure and the pricing which is being centered around the alternative material, which is mechanical recycled content, we are in a very good position to have spreads that will then be sort of locked in, in cost pass-through contracts to deliver a greater than 12% return.
 From a premium point of view, when you think about the quality of mechanical recycle versus our molecular recycled product, our product is much higher quality because the nature of unzipping the polymer and purifying it allows us to then have identical intermediates to what we use today from fossil fuels. So the products we make both especially as well as PET will literally be identical, no compromise, right? There are quality compromises with mechanical recycle in haze and color and its limited ability to be recycled over time. So we think and believe that it's a more valuable product. Customers, I think, understand that.
 So -- but what's interesting is the way they -- many of them are looking at it is while our premium is going to be in this zone, it's actually likely to be a hedge against the risk of mechanical recycled PET being a lot more expensive. You got to remember, mechanical recycling can't remotely provide enough material for the recycled content targets the major brands have set for themselves in Europe and the U.S. So this supply-demand situation on the mechanical is going to continue to get tighter. And so we provide a reliable source of very high-quality product, and we believe that demands a reasonable premium. 
Operator: We'll now take our last question from Laurence Alexander from Jefferies. 
Laurence Alexander: Two quick ones. Just the level of urgency at customers about restocking, do you see it as more of a 2022 couple of quarters event? Or do you see it as a more drawn-out tailwind that spills into 2023? And can you give -- update your thinking on the carbon renewal platform, specifically, given the feedback you've had in the urgency, both political tailwinds and customer interest, what we should see on that front? 
Mark Costa: Sure. So on the inventory restocking question, presuming we've got a growing economy this year around the world, I think that the world is going to struggle to keep up with demand. So it's hard to see that anytime soon. We're going to -- the customers or Eastman for that matter, are going to get inventories back to where they should be for a more stable level of performance. So I think this could drag out through the year and go into next year, especially if the economy is reasonably good.
 When it comes to the CRT, lot of attention on the polyester renewal technology and where we're going with those circular platforms. But I'm equally excited about what we're doing with our cellulosics. That's a stream that's core to who Eastman is. It has been around for almost 100 years. And it's amazing to see how sustainability has changed the mindset around these products, right? They've always sold on performance. They've never sold on sustainability until 3 years ago. And now you've got all these great performance elements in different applications, from engineered thermoplastics to textiles to now new food service being compostable and microbeads being biodegradable. So you've got a tremendous amount of growth opportunity across that spectrum of businesses that drive growth in AM, AFP and fibers.
 And as I said earlier, we're confident in the technology. We've been operating it now for quite some time and has been processing plastic waste really well. There are reasonable capital ways to sort of expand that capacity and grow with all of these markets. And the margins in our cellulosics are some of, if not the highest margins in the company. So as we grow this stream, you're getting a nice mix upgrade, not just a volume growth and asset utilization benefit. So it's all good.
 So with that, I'd like to just wrap up and just make a couple of quick comments. We're really excited about our strategy to grow the company, believe in the specialty model, the circular platform, the strength of our cash. We think these are all differentiators. But what's incredibly important for me to mention and highlight right now is I couldn't be on this call talking about all of this if it wasn't for the employees we have around the world. They've encountered phenomenal challenges in the chaos that we've faced with this sort of snapback in demand and how to serve it and get through incredibly difficult logistics situation, supply chain situations, pushing our plants incredibly hard. And supporting all of that in every function across the company. 
 And at the same time, they were able to continue our specialty growth platforms of innovation across the company and add a circular platform on top of it. to position us for a very strong EPS growth this year and well positioned to keep it going as we go into the future. So I just want to thank all of them because with COVID and constraints in the work environment and, in particular, I want to thank the operators out there because they go into the plant every day since COVID started, managing in a very difficult operating environment, while having to wear a mask and follow all these safety protocols, that's incredibly difficult. And the real heroes in our company is the operators who showed up and kept customer supplied around the world every day. And they get my deepest appreciation out of everyone for what we've been able to do.
 So with that, I'd love to thank you for -- complement all of them, and thank you for your interest in Eastman and have a good day. 
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2021 Eastman Chemical Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman's website, www. eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Greg Riddle : Thank you, Mary, and good morning, everyone. And thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; William McLain, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Jake Laroe, Manager, Investor Relations. Yesterday after market closed, we posted our third quarter 2021 financial results news release, and SEC 8-K filing, as well as our slides and the related prepared remarks in the Investors section of our website, www. eastman.com. Now, before we begin, I'll cover 2 items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in our third quarter 2021 financial results news release. During this call in the proceeding slides and prepared remarks and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for Second Quarter 2021. And the Form 10-Q to be filed for Third Quarter 2021. Second earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain non-core and unusual items. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded and adjusted items are available in the third quarter of 2021 Financial results news release. As we posted the slides and accompanying prepared remarks on our website last night, we will now go straight Q&A. Mary, please let's start with our first question.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now take our first question from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Andrews : Thank you. And good morning, everyone. And thank you for the updated outlook on 2022. And to that affect if I could just ask you Mark, what are you assuming for auto production 2022 versus 2021?
Greg Riddle : Good morning, Vince. And what we're assuming is that the auto production situation remains pretty challenged as it has been the back half of this year as we go into next year. But things get modestly better through the year especially in the back half but there's no heroic assumptions about auto recovery next year versus this year in the forecast. So depending on everyone's view, you can adjust up or down relative to that assumption.
Vincent Andrews : Okay. And if we just look at the third quarter, can you help us bridge how the specialty portfolio volume would have performed if you ex out the impact from auto. So what's your -- what the other businesses are doing on an underlying rate?
Greg Riddle : Good morning, Vincent. What I would highlight, first of all, is again, we have mix included in that for the quarter. And specifically in our enhanced materials which is more exposed to the OEM. And if you back that out, volumes would have actually been down because we had very favorable mix in the quarter as we think about year-over-year performance especially. But sequentially, it was definitely down in the premium areas. If you think about it, the first half of the year, mix was incredibly strong and driving a lot of variable margin growth and margin improvement. And there was a mix shift a bit in the third quarter. It wasn't just autos, it was also outbound logistics constraints on our specialty plastics business are getting high-value products like Tritan to the market. Demand is incredibly strong out there, but logistics, as you all know, are also indulging, so the earnings could've been considerably better with those two factors, if they were a bit better.
Vincent Andrews : Thank you very much.
Operator: And we can now take our next question from David Begleiter of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. And Mark, again, thank you for this '22 guidance. On that guidance, could you just walk through the segments and what how you expect them to perform in '22 versus '21?
Mark Costa : Sure. And good to hear from you, David. When you think about the overall segments, obviously when you start with the specialty businesses, as we've noted here, there's just tremendous growth that we see possible on a number of factors. We've got volume mix that should be significant driver with the economy to some degree growing with the markets in it. And there's also a lot of pent-up demand out there to drive additional growth versus GDP as consumers fulfill desires that they can't get due to supply chain constraints. And we're restocking inventory, which has not at all happened yet in this year. So that's all quite positive. And when you think about that, especially the pent-up demand part, I think that's more significant in the AM segment. So we've given you a breakdown of AM being about 70% of that several margin improvement versus AFP. The innovation is also incredibly strong especially in AM where we're going to continue to outperform the underlying markets in significant way you've seen this in this year. You saw it last year and AM, you've seen it for the last decade. The circular offerings are also accelerating a lot of growth for us in the AFP business. You've seen $600 million new business revenue from innovation. So that's a good momentum that we take into next year. So again, those are a bit more biased towards the AM as AFP businesses also getting traction. And then market segment strategies, we continue to focus on the markets that are growing. Whether it's luxury EVs, water treatment, care chemicals where we pick up a lot of just natural market growth. And importantly to keep in mind a lot of growth I just described, all of it's high-value mix, both within the segment and certainly at the corporate level. So there's a lot of leverage to have, AM has a significant increase in earnings next year when you think about those elements and that's also true if for AFP to have good solid growth. And then on the spread side, it's the same thing you've got -- really headwinds, obviously, this year and prices catching up to rise through the year. And there will be -- with the price actions we're taking through the fourth quarter and a lot of effective price increases on January 1 in businesses, you're going to see a pretty big step-up in earnings there from spreads getting better as long as you believe raw materials are going to plateau relative to the back-half of this year and then trend off in the back half of next year, which is our underlying assumption. So then you pick up a pretty significant spread tailwind is the same thing. AFP has done a better job of keeping track with prices this year because they have a lot more cost pass-through contracts. Half of the price increase in third quarter was CPTs in AFP whereas AM, the interlayers business in particular, has a lot of annual price contracts. So, it takes a while to get those prices moving up. So again, that supports that 70-30 split on the spread side, too. Those businesses that are both going to deliver considerable growth in earnings in OEM, as well as when you look at AFPX on a recasted basis minus the divestitures. So that's a lot of the growth there. Fibers, I think we'll also be renegotiating, putting prices in on probably more than half of their revenue come January 1. And so earnings will improve there. And then of course, since [Indiscernible] you've got normalization, that's going to happen in that business, but it's going to be offset by volume growth that'll be pretty substantial next year relative to this year in [Indiscernible] plasticizers and some other growth opportunities that we have as well as less shutdown. So, that all helps out. And of course, there's the cost tailwinds that we've given to you, that spread across all of these segments that give them high growth. So, that's where how it balances out, David.
David Begleiter: Perfect. And just on buybacks Mark, could buybacks approach a billion dollars next year?
Mark Costa: Let Willy take that one.
William Mc Lain : Well David, thanks for the question and maybe a little bit, as we think about every year, we're focused on growing free cash flow to that billion dollars level. As we go into 2022, obviously we'll have the impact of the divested EBITDA but we believe fundamentally with the working capital abating given the raw material assumptions that Mark just outlined. And right now, year-to-date, we've had roughly $450 million of inflationary pressure on working capital. We see that reverting. Also as we continue to invest in circular and growth in our capacity assets, we think excluding the dividend that being backlog of 600 million of free cash flow. Then if you take proceeds from our divestitures on top of that, it definitely is possible.
David Begleiter: Very good. Thank you very much.
Operator: We can now take our next question from Kevin McCarthy of Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Kevin Mc Carthy : Yes. Good morning. Mark, you announced a nice deal to divest the adhesives business and of course the Crystex deal is still pending. I was wondering if you could just walk us through, at a high level, what your thoughts are on capital redeployment and just the portfolio composition moving forward. Does this bring the Company to a reasonably steady state in 2022 or is there more work to do in terms of the mix in the portfolio over the next couple of years?
Mark Costa : And so, we certainly like the portfolio we now have. We think that [Indiscernible] businesses are very well-positioned to deliver strong growth in earnings, and increasing -- improving margins, and the fibers and the Olefins part or the CI part of the business is integral part of our integration scale, cash flow, etc. So we like the portfolio as it's configured right now as we look at -- deploying capital to your question, Kevin, on delivering more growth from the total Company. When it comes to capital deployment, obviously, our free cash flow remains incredibly strong, and our balance sheet now is also strong with delivering being in our rear-view mirror. So as we look forward, I think we should think about how we deploy capital on multiple fronts. First, you should expect capex to increase a bit next year as we have the combination of specialty growth and the first methanolysis plant that we're building here in Kingsport. So normal capex growth to support our specialty strategies in that $500 to $600 million range. And then of course, you've got a good portion of that $250 million of the Kingsport plant being spent next year. Now we're balancing some of the specialty capex between next year and pushing some of it to '23 to keep this in balance across the 2 years. capex will be a bit higher for that. Then after that, you look at how am I going to deploy my balance sheet and cash? And there's really 4 buckets. The first is the potential to continue investing in the circular economy. We're pursuing multiple projects beyond this first plant. If we can achieve the conditions that we've talked about in the past about those being very attractive investments and very stable sources of earnings, those projects could be very accretive to earnings and our ROIC. They're very attractive from a return point of view, and that could be a use of where we go with our balance sheet. The second of course, is bolt-on M&A, where we like to ramp up that level from where we've been in the last couple of years. There's returning cash to shareholders which I think will be significant as we move forward. And of course, our growing dividend. So, it'll be a balance of capital deployment I think, like we've always had across these areas. There's a lot of attractive investment opportunities for us right now, and so we're really excited about how we can deploy capital and create growth for our shareholders.
Kevin Mc Carthy : Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we can now take our next question from Frank Mitsch with Fermium Research, please go ahead.
Frank Mitsch : Hey, good morning and congrats on the divestitures. And just a follow-up Mark, you did talk about uses of cash and possible bolt-on M&A s. What are the current valuation levels like? And what does your current pipeline look in that regard?
Mark Costa : And so the bolt-on M&A pipeline, there's a number of ideas that we have that can be attractive and advanced materials in AFP as we try and buildout our additive portfolio in AFP. And accelerate our access to additional markets in advanced materials, especially in Specialty Plastics. But as you've noted, Frank, you have to be careful, there is a lot buy-side interest in pursuing M&A right now, as everyone has improved balance sheets and cash. So, we're going to be disciplined as always. We're proud of the fact that we don't overpay for assets whether its at the -- the large ones we've done in the past for the bolt-ons we're focusing on now. And so we'll see. And there may be some constraints because we're just not going to run around overpay.
Frank Mitsch : Got you. Got you. And if I could come back to the automotive piece, you referenced that you are doing better than you had in -- back in 2018, and obviously, with builds being off, where do you stand in the interplay between your sales into the automotive space versus where the build rate is today, and how should investors think about that interplay going into next year?
Mark Costa : With advanced materials, our OEM exposure is bigger than AFPX [Indiscernible] one of the difference is AFPs ' -- their automotive exposure is about half-refinish and half - OEMs. So they're a lot more balanced in the OEM production drama as [Indiscernible] -- just continuing to improve. But on the OEM side, the supply chain is really short between OEM production and the production of our interlayers. So that actually happens pretty quickly. So as they're adjusting their production rates weekly, we're adjusting right there with them. So, we're realizing that in a pretty quick, faster. The performance films business has actually done really well through the third quarter because Companies, the dealers, the auto dealers are out there trying to upgrade the value they were getting on each car. And so selling our paint protection films, window films was a nice adder to few cars that they have to sell. But even that, it seemed to start to catch up to us on what they have to sell right now. So we're feeling a bit of that as we go into the fourth quarter. But I think that as they have more cars to sell or produced more cars, you're going to see that pickup in sales happen pretty quickly for us because there's really no inventory in the channel between us and the primary market. That I think is good news as supply chains at some point are going to start mocking or getting back in control and production will be there. Clearly in-market demand is quite strong, so there's plenty of pent-up demand of people who want to buy cars. When you look at just how much they're paying for used cars right now. They are clearly -- there's a lot of demand out there. So, I think if we have recovery, it'll be pretty fast. It's -- and it will be a little slower in AFP because that supply chain is longer.
Frank Mitsch : [Indiscernible] Great. For me is going to do is part to increased car sales. So, just so you know and looking forward to December 7. Thanks so much Mark.
Mark Costa : You bet.
Operator: We can now take our next question from Arun Viswanathan of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Arun Viswanathan : Great. Thanks. I just wanted to I guess, talk about '22 initially or what's your initial comments there. What are you expecting on the last question as far as global auto production? And it appears to us that many Companies in your position are actually assuming rates below the IHS recovery. So maybe you can just comment on that first. Thanks.
Mark Costa : Yeah. So on a 4Q basis, I think our view is below IHS. I think IHS is from what I can tell monitoring their view downward for the fourth quarter. So production, obviously, what we're assuming is similar to maybe a little bit better than third quarter but not any significant change to help in the quarter. When it comes to next year, let's be honest, it's anyone's guess, right when the supply chain on components is going to improve and production is going to improve. I think we are being cautious and not assuming much improvement in the first half of the year. But we do assume that eventually these issues are going to get addressed and so there will be some modest improvement in demand in the back half of the year. But our guidance is not based on some substantial improvement in order demand.
Arun Viswanathan : Thanks for that. And then I just wanted to also ask about strategy. I guess going forward, following the sale of Crystex here. Are there other properties within the portfolio that you think are non-core anymore? Thanks.
Mark Costa : No, not at this time. So, we're very happy with the [Indiscernible] portfolio. The two obvious questions that come up in the past is fibers and Olefins. On the fibers front, I remind everyone that it is deeply integrated into our overall [Indiscernible] business. We have a lot of biopolymers and especially as we're selling off of the stream and advanced materials and the AFP and with the significant change in the world's view around waste, plastic, and climate, we just have tremendous growth opportunities in front of us in both AM and AFP with that integrated stream. You'll learn a lot more about that at innovation day where we're going to identify a bunch of new opportunities we're pursuing that can be quite substantial. And textiles growth in itself in Fiverr has been actually quite strong. It's incredible how the textile growth have been 80% up year-over-year. Obviously, on the challenge market that still tremendous growth, offsetting not just tow market decline, but also that discontinued product. So, that's business as well is at the position now where textile growth will offset tow market decline or better
Mark Costa : and where in fact, demand is exceeding our expectations where we're having to pull forward conversion of total assets to making textiles. So that business is on track and it generates a huge amount of cash flow that supports all the investments we're making in growth in AM and AFP. Olefins, it's bit of a similar story where we're dramatically improving the quality earnings in that business. Obviously, it's doing really well. But we've been taking a lot of actions over the last 3 years to improve what is the new normal for this business, which is more likely probably around 300 million. And there are things like closing the Singapore plant where we had a very disadvantaged raw material energy position, that's a big upgrade in the quality of that business with it closed. A lot of operational cost transformation work that we're doing across the Company does flow into the big assets that flow into chemical intermediates. The [Indiscernible] investments, giving us flexibility to reduce ethylene when it's not attractive and make it when it is, that reduces volatility around that. And we've got a new investment, we'll tell you about it in innovation day, for modest capital that will significantly improve our Olefin production flexibility. And mix is getting better. It means business inside that overall portfolio is great, growing, and stable. And we have a lot of our businesses on cost pass-through Tong contracts that give us a certain amount of stability, probably about 40% revenue. There's a lot of things in the Olefins space we've done to improve it. We're obviously disciplined about our portfolio. But as you look at the significant growth opportunities we have in front of us. And that Balance Sheet strength that we want to leverage to deploy and grow the Company, the cash from both fibers and Olefins creates a lot of value. So when we look at the portfolio today for what we want to do now, this is the right portfolio to grow.
Operator: And we can now take our next question from P.J. Juvekar of Citi, please go ahead.
P.J. Juvekar : Excuse me. Good morning, Mark.
Mark Costa : Good morning.
P.J. Juvekar : You know, congrats on being named into Fortune Magazine. I think you're one of the few chemical Companies. Also you're creating this specialty brand with circular economy -- in the circular economy products like Tritan, on one hand and then you have to fight commoditizing businesses on the other hand, like additives and [Indiscernible] And so like many other chemical companies, you have to constantly fight that battle between businesses commoditizing and then innovating. So, what -- would -- the one that you think you have the right portfolio, to move that portfolio solidly into specialties, would you look at making a big specialty acquisition or would you look at just continuing more bolt - ons?
Mark Costa : It's fair question, P.J. We're always looking at how to enhance our portfolio and obviously, we did significant portfolio change way ahead of many with the addition Solutia, Taminco, and divesting a lot of commodity business. It's easy to forget history sometimes, but we moved out about 3.5 billion of commodities and added 4.2 billion of revenue. And in specialties out of 10 billion is a huge portfolio change, so we do really like the portfolio we have now. And yes, we had optimized it around some underperforming businesses. And I'm proud of our teams delivering on that restructuring activity, which is never easy, to get to where we are. We don't really feel the need to get a lot bigger. We think we're at a good scale to continue to invest in fundamental R&D, product development, as well as application development to grow. And I think that the circular economy on top of very attractive specialty growth, anywhere we can take that with multiple plants is a game changer for how we can grow the Company and how it could be valued. So we really are focusing a lot on how we focus on circular. We've got two extremely advantaged streams in the polyester, and the way we can do circular economy is a very advantaged stream to grow in this current macro-environment that want to get rid of plastic waste and improve our impact on climate. And in the cellulosic stream is also incredibly compelling. There's just a tremendous amount of opportunities when you've got a polymer that 60% biopolymer, with our new recycling technology there, 40% recycled from plastic waste. And the biodegradability of the product is tunable for different applications. And that last part about biodegradability is increasingly important, and we'll tell you more about that in Innovation Day and some of the opportunities in front of us. So we see a lot of growth in capital deployment in that direction to deliver a lot of organic growth from the portfolio we have right now where we don't really feel the pressure to run out and do some large M&A and at the prices today for large M&A, that's really attractive. You're going to have a challenged situation in getting a good return. So, we're not really focusing on that.
P.J. Juvekar : Okay, great. And then you made more propylene in the quarter using your refinery propylene investment and you had to buy less propylene as a result, appropriately net spiked. So when you look back, it looks like that refinery investment made a lot of sense. But when you look back, what kind of returns do you think you achieved on that? And can just talk about that? Thank you.
William Mc Lain : Yes, P.J. this is Willy. That paid off in less than a year and we're at multiples now. So it is a great investment and we're going to be excited to tell you about some additional options that we had to further raise the floor as we think about the long term because of our ability to optimize our Olefins at the Longview side. So again, the modest investment that Mark talked about is another option that we think is similar to RGP that will be multiples. And again, most of our capital, as Mark just highlighted, is focused on the specialties and the new vector of circular, but we're still going to make the right optimizations to improve the quality of the portfolio long term.
P.J. Juvekar : Great. Thank you, Willy.
Operator: We can now take our next question from Alex Yefremov of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Alex Yefremov: Thank you. And good morning, everyone. Could you discuss free cash flow conversion? What kind of conversion in terms of percent of EBITDA? What percent of net income do we see next year?
William Mc Lain : Alex, this is Willy. What I would say is, if again, at a growing EBITDA number, we strive to be around that 50% level. If you think about a billion dollars, $1.1 billion and $2.2 billion of EBITDA, pre -divestiture, and we're going to grow back to that level is our focus based on our [Indiscernible] bridge that we gave you earlier. So think around that 50% level.
Alex Yefremov : Thanks Willy. And Mark a question for you on circular polymers, business, feedstock availability is a major issue as you know. Could you discuss what progress you're making this year in securing access to necessary waste streams to grow that business?
Mark Costa : Sure. Yeah, we're making great progress. The advantage we have right now is we're pretty much ahead of the industry and going to commercial scale in building the largest molecular recycling plant on the planet I think at this point. So that gives us an advantage on how we show up with different suppliers for what we need. There is no doubt that there's plenty of plastic waste. I mean, when you look at polyester, just in the U.S., you've got over 20 billion pounds of possibly waste a year. About 40% of that is packaging and only about 25% to 30% that can be recycled today. So when it gets recycled, frankly, most of it goes into textiles, not bottle to bottle. And so as you tap into that stream and then it vanish to methanolysis [Indiscernible] if they can use, what can't be mechanical recycled from packaging but it can also use carpet textiles which almost all end up in landfill. So accessing a 100,000 tons of feedstock out of that significantly large number when you're the first showing up to secure it, it is challenging but doable. And the infrastructure out there clearly needs to improve in the U.S. as we get consumers to recycle more and policy to support it and infrastructure in place to recycle it as we look at plants 2, 3, and 4. But as we look at the first one, we're confident that we can do this and we will provide more detail in Innovation Day. You hear that a lot today about you'll get more detail in Innovation Day, but it's a better forum to provide more detail on this question, which is incredibly important and we're very focused on it.
Operator: And we can now take our next question from Mike Sison of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Mike Sison : Hey, good morning, guys. I didn't know you had a lot of material on Fermi and Ferrari. But in terms of your -- or for AFP, can you maybe talk about the businesses you noted in the prepared remarks that you felt these are businesses that are well-positioned to grow. And maybe just talk about some of the growth prospects for each of the remaining businesses in AFC.
Mark Costa : For next year, Mike?
Mike Sison : Yes, for next year.
Mark Costa : So, when you think about it in the Specialty Plastics world, we have just tremendous growth in frightened. Market demand exceeding our logistics capability, serving the market, and we're even capacity constrained into the second quarter, which is why we converted a line over to serve Tritan. And now we got that capacity came online through the third quarter and positioned to serve growth next year. And it's coming from a range of markets. There is the traditional markets that are being driven with accelerated growth with our renewed recycled content, like hydration that's delivering a lot of growth and housewares are those traditional markets that we've always grown in are being accelerated. And then on top of that, we are getting access to new markets that we wouldn't have normally had. The [Indiscernible] we shared with you, it's generally black conductors are great example and it's a power tool. We're not normally in power tools. We normally go into optical clarity kind of applications with Tritan. But this is the housings for power tools. And that customer adopted us because one, they're committed to addressing their skilled three climate from suppliers and recycled content was a way to start making progress on that, especially as our technology has a lower carbon footprint in a meaningful way relative to a normal fossil fuel process. And they wanted to maintain their quality. So a lot of these applications, you can't use mechanical recycling at all because when you're just blending mechanical recycling with virgin, the quality of the product goes down on multiple dimensions. And you can't have that kind of a compromise in the power tool. So we were able to provide recycled content, carbon footprint improvement, and zero compromise on the performance of the product. And that's an incredibly important aspect of why we're growing. And then the third part of it was actually partnership for them. So they want to make sure they are aligned to the Company that could scale with them. And was going to be a reliable supplier of this product. There's a lot of Companies starting up out there, but they're startups and they haven't scaled up their technology. So when we can show up and provide a product where we've been -- have that 40-year history in doing that analysis, and we've got 100 years of history of supplying products to people very reliably, that's what was incredibly important to them and who they're going to choose. And we've had 10 other brands sign up in this quarter -- in the third quarter for those similar set of reasons which we'll tell you more about but we're really well-positioned. It's not just Tritan, it's Crystal Renew, which is a high clarity copolyester recycled content and cosmetic packaging. It's a wide spectrum of things including our cellulosics and eyewear, etc. It's a lot of growth in SP. Obviously, the interlayers in Performance Films businesses are tied to the auto production recovery as we discussed, but mix is still important and we still see the mix improving faster than the absolute volume in production because the first thing that the OEMs are going to produce -- there are more luxury high-end value cars when they start addressing their chip and component shortages. And we'll pick up that volume with our products are aligned with that market. And the mix value of that is also incredibly important. So, a lot of growth that can occur across the entire segment.
William Mc Lain : Hey Mike. You might want to do something similar to that for Additives and Functional Products as well?
Mark Costa : Sure. Yeah. Question for my own team. That's a new one. So Greg, on AFP, I think it's the same thing. Coatings has had tremendous growth this year and that growth will continue. And there's a lot of pent-up demand in Coatings as you all know, with our customers struggling significantly with supply chain challenges. So odd to them ramping up just to build inventory to serve the seasonal demand next year is good, as those supply chain issues continue to get resolved on a availability point of view. So I think we'll continue to see very strong growth there. The Care chemicals business has great steady growth, same with water treatment, that'll continue going into next year. And then [Indiscernible] is really accelerating their growth in higher-value formulated solutions through the 3F acquisition. And there is of course, recovery in the aviation business. So, there's a lot of different vectors across the entire segment that remains -- that's well-positioned for growth in the markets that it serves. And of course, we've got innovation like [Indiscernible] in the packaging. That'll be a vector of growth, and continued growth in some of the care chemical opportunities and some really exciting new ones. That I will tell you about on Innovation Day.
Mike Sison : Right. And just a quick follow-up on chemical intermediates. EBITDA margins have been in the high teens for last couple of quarters. It sounds like it will stay maybe in that range for maybe the next three quarters. And then I think in the prepared remarks you mentioned that you felt it would normalize in the second half. So just curious what normal means these days, but any thoughts on where that level settles in versus much, much lower levels in the past?
Mark Costa : Yeah, Mike. I think that when we think about normalized, we think that's going to be around $300 million. Obviously, there's a path to normal as we go through next year where we expect at least in the first half market conditions to stay relatively tight. Obviously, there's some loosening of those markets even as we go into the fourth quarter based on our guidance. A lot of it is -- we had tremendously high spot -- high-value spot sales and incredibly tight market conditions when you look at the second and third quarter. As supply and demand gets a little bit more sort of balanced, those spot sales go away and that's a bit of that headwind you're going to see from 3Q to 4Q for CI. But the overall fundamental dynamics of these markets, the derivative level in particular, I think we expect to remain reasonably tight as we go into the first half of next year. And then assume normalization towards that $300 million level in long term. So -- and I already went through all the details of how we've raised that, what is normal up in the actions that we've taken. I don't want to repeat it, but there's a lot of things we've done to improve this business and there's new investment -- will be another step change improvement when it comes online.
Mike Sison : Thank you.
Operator: And we can now take our next question from Matthew DeYoe with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Matthew De Yoe: Good morning, thanks. I want to hammer in a little bit more on the strategy to offset dilution, given all these sales, will you look to paid-off any debt given the lost earnings there and if this is all or sorry, is it all buyback? And if it's the latter, I guess why not execute more aggressively on a buyback now ahead of proceed collection just given your cash balance?
Mark Costa : Thanks for the question. Let me frame it this way, which is we expect total proceeds to be about 1.8 billion from these transactions and actually 1.7 that over the next few months. So as we look ahead also, this was about 8% of our EBITDA. So, as you think about the flow of the market cap, we're looking at roughly 1.2 billion. I'll look at that as probably the floor. As you think about offsetting dilution and paying taxes, that'll raise the number up to roughly 1.5 or so. We're going to put that money to work starting here in Q4 with the tires closing week, which we expect here in the near term. With that, also given our Balance Sheet on the tires position, we don't expect to pay down any debt related to that. Obviously, as we look at 2022, we'll see at the timing of getting the proceeds and also managing our debt matter. As we look at '22, we'll have a refinancing in the August time frame and have plenty of time to optimize that when we get there.
Matthew De Yoe: Okay. And I know COVID obfuscates this a little bit but if we were to look between 2015 or 2018 and 2021, what would proforma growth for AFP had been acts -- he problem child of Crystex and adhesives, just given. Maybe even a better question that is, what do we expect that the pickup in organic growth in the next 5 years versus the last 5, given the collapse in these businesses?
Mark Costa: Yes. So if you looked at, and we will be providing a recast so you can see it in specific numbers. But roughly what you'd see between 2018 and '21 is a roughly flat similar to EBITDA from '18 to '21 when you have excluded the 1/3 of AFP as we've been discussing it. So I think that's quite stable when you consider that China trade war and then pandemic and recovering out of it. And that is based on when you look at it relative to '21, an improvement in volume and mix that's been meaningful. Spreads are probably a bit challenged relative to 18, just as pricings are -- pricing is still catching up to raws. But, overall, very well-positioned segment to deliver pretty strong earnings growth next year relative to that recast number. And that volume mix comes from everywhere. It's coatings, it's animal attrition, it's care chemicals, water treatment, even specialty fluids except for aviation in 21. So, but that will obviously start correcting itself as well as you go into 22 on that front. So, it's an across-the-board, it's our volume mix story.
Operator: We can now take our next question from Edlain Rodriguez of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Edlain Rodriguez: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Mark, quick question on your portfolio. I mean it has definitely changed over years, but you still have a mix of specialty and non-specialty businesses. So if you look over the course of 12 to 18 months are higher raw materials good or bad for you? Or is it neutral overtime?
Mark Costa : If you look at it on a combined basis, from a raw material point-of-view, I would say you got to then convert that to spreads. Prompters were up everywhere, but obviously prices are up more than raw materials and CI where we're lagging price-wise in the specialties. Those too do hedge each other out. That actually provides earnings stabilities. If you're focused on earnings stability, a bit of a balance when you've got CI, just 20% of your earnings actually provides some benefits in times like this as your prices are catching up to specialties. And the opposite will be true next year as the price in spreads will improve in the specialties. Obviously, you're going to have some spread normalization CI. The important part of our strategy and our story is not spread, right? We've been very clear about this, right? Our strategy is growing volume and high-value mix in that volume against of an asset base that we continue to upgrade with that mix to deliver, increasing our OIC, as well as deploying more capital for that high-value mix. And that's how you drive value long-term, right? It's not they have spreads bouncing up and down. And so, they actually sort of hedge each other out and provide some balance. And that will be true of next. Like it is -- had -- has been this year.
Edlain Rodriguez: Okay. Thank you. And a quick one follow-up on -- I mean, you've talked about that bolt-on M&As, like is the focus mainly in the U.S. or other opportunities ex-U.S?
Mark Costa : As we look at the pipeline, we're focused globally and as Mark highlighted previously, obviously, looking at our Specialty Plastics business and across the new AFP portfolio. And we're focused on that and also on our circular projects from a growth standpoint. So, it's about focus now that we've completed the 2/3 action or the action on the 1/3 so that you can see the value of the new AFP.
Edlain Rodriguez: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we can now take our next question from Bob Koort of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Bob Koort : Thank you very much. Mark, I was just observing that over the last six months, the 21 earnings for you guys seem to have climbed about 14% or 15%, at least the estimates and the stocks gone the opposite. It's down about 15%. You've had that this [Indiscernible] -rating that seems very consistent with commodity companies, commodity chemicals like a [Indiscernible] They've sort of seeing that same de -rating. And yet you've been on this evolution upgrade the portfolio. And so there seems to be a pretty stark dislocation from the market perception or appreciation of those efforts and what I would guess are the internal expectations and perceptions there. So I guess, at some point does the board decide to get more aggressive or consider an LBO or maybe as Matt suggested, do an ASR before the market catches onto what I would suspect you guys believe internally?
Mark Costa : Well, I'm not going to answer that question, Bob, but what I can tell you the board's incredibly excited about our strategy and the value creation opportunities that it presents. In the end, you, the market decide what the Company's worth, not us. But, as we focus on what we're doing, the specialties as you noted, I think we're going to demonstrate incredibly strong growth next year relative to this year in that part of the portfolio. I think we're going to manage capital deployment in a responsible way to deploy it in ways that create a lot of very attractive ROIC growth, leveraging the core technologies and platforms that we have. And then you pile on the circular, where we could deploy significant capital. If we can get these projects done under the conditions that we have, that they provide stable earnings is a significant vector of new growth that isn't remotely factored into our evaluation from what I can see at this point. So there's a huge amount of upside as you were pointing out and where I think our stock price can go from today. And as that all plays out, and our balance sheet strength that is quite significant now going forward gets deployed, there's a huge amount of upside. And we're confident investors are going to see it that value and invest in the Company and that's why we're doing our Innovation Day in December is to say we lay that all out for you to make sure all of you can see how that can create compounded growth in earnings and cash flow as we go forward.
Bob Koort : Got it. You mentioned in Advanced Materials, a decent chunk of contracts that reset annually. I was wondering if you could give us a more description there. Is that typically are exclusive with the automakers? Is there any opportunity to shorten up those contract durations, so you can have more market-based pricing or give us some sense of that? Thanks.
William Mc Lain : These contracts are between us and the glass Companies. So we don't sell to the OEMs. We're selling to the glass Companies that use our films for laminating that glass. It's been a traditional structure in this market since we bought it with these annual contracts. We are looking at how we negotiate both price and structure to these contracts going forward. Obviously, in years of declining raw materials we like them. In years where raw material spike up especially when they spike up like this, it's a problem. It's the same issue in fibers where you've got these annual or multi-annual contracts where the prices are locked in. And so when you had that huge spike up in energy and raw materials in the back half of this year, you're going to have to wait until January to recovery. But we are aggressively going out with price increases in both interlayers and fibers [Indiscernible]
Bob Koort : Great. Thanks.
Operator: And we can now take our next question from Paretosh Misra of Birenberg. Please go ahead.
Paretosh Misra: Thanks. Good morning. With regard to your [Indiscernible] startup next year, it sounds like there's a big demand for recycled plastic. Can you give us a sense as to what percentage of volumes are already booked or contracted,? And would you announced an expansion if you say are 70%, 80% booked?
William Mc Lain : So the uptake in engagement from brands has far exceeded our expectations on the Specialty side. We were thinking we have swing assets where we can make our Specialty Plastics or PET for packaging. And we thought we'd actually be selling a lot of PT for packaging and that's looking like that, so not going to be the case
Mark Costa : because the Specialty demand is so strong. So I think we're in very good position for loading the asset pretty quickly into the markets. We're not going to disclose the specific percent number, but I think it's going to be quite robust and quick. As regards to demand that goes beyond our first plant, yes, the demand is very much there. And that's why we're working so diligently right now with countries and brands around the world, especially in U.S. and Europe right now, who want to solve those challenges. With the brands, look at this situation. They've got two goals. They got to address packaging waste, and specifically, plastic waste is getting a lot of attention. But if we switched to plastics, somebody else is still going to manage that waste. So if you look at this, they've committed to very high recycled content targets and there isn't remotely enough mechanical recycling product out there to supply that need reliably. In addition, the price of mechanical recycled, PET is going up dramatically in Europe and now as well in the U.S. And the brands are worried about how that -- how much that's going to keep going up. And they are also doing lifecycle analysis on the carbon footprints and not just plastic, but alternative materials that they could consider. And unfortunately, you run into a problem which is all the alternate materials have a worst climate footprint. You recently saw Wendy's switch from coated paper cups to plastic because plastic has got a much better climate footprint and can be recycled where the coated paper cannot be recycled. So the brands are very focused on how to recycle plastic for a lot of applications and realizing that molecular recycling is the only way forward, especially long-term, if you want to keep your product quality the same, then mechanic recycle is limited on how it can be used. And it degrades over time. So if you want an infinite solution, you've got to have molecular recycling as part of the solution. So engagement strong, the need to build more plants is there. And we're driving to find a way to do that under the right conditions. And they are attracted to us because our scale -- our technology scalable now, where the startups are still piloting and trying to figure out how to scale up, so that's also drawing a lot of attention to us. So we feel good about where we're at. We're excited about doing this. But to be clear, we're not going to build additional plants unless we get the contractual commitments for off-take that give us stable earnings.
Paretosh Misra: Got it. And then just as a follow-up, because CIP process can take a lot more different types of plastics than PRT. So how should we think about the PRT versus CIP mix as both these processes start ramping up in the years ahead?
Mark Costa : Yeah. Well, first of all, they're actually a great compliment as technologies together at this site because we have a unique proprietary way to separate unsorted waste plastic that just separates it from polyester to everything else at a much lower cost. So that's one of the feedstock sourcing advantages that we have that I should have mentioned earlier. Then that allows us to take that mix waste plastic in the CRT, take it into our asset yields stream and make cellulosic biopolymers that gives us a lot of sourcing flexibility. So, we see both technologies creating a lot of value and the CRT is also through the cellulosics drawing a lot of attention. We've always have -- we've had a biopolymer for 100 years going to go back to acetate films with Kodak and we've created this huge spectrum of applications off of that core technology in AM, AFP, and fibers. But with the recent change in focusing on climate, focusing on plastic waste, in our recycling, you can also have biodegradable products as a way to have circular life. And that's drawing a lot of attention around the cellulosic stream. We can take back polymer and put it back in the CRT, or we can also provide ones that biodegrade based on the application. So lot of interest in growth there as well, that we're really excited about.
Paretosh Misra: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: We can now take our next question from John Roberts of UBS. Please go ahead.
John Roberts : Thank you. I thought the formic acid business was also in the underperforming category. I maybe confusing underperforming with non-core but has that improved a lot now and is part of the core operations?
William Mc Lain: Hi, John, this is Willy. On the formic side, yes. It's a much smaller component. It's a fraction of the size of the 2 businesses that we sold. As we've taken operational and transformational and the operations there, we think we've got the results that we need and the performance is adequate.
John Roberts : Okay. And then are automotive Films in automotive Coatings ingredients being impacted equally by the automotive curtailments.
William Mc Lain : So from a film's point-of-view and advanced materials, the interlayers and the aftermarket Performance Films, they're more impacted, they're more OEM exposed than our coating additives where about half of it goes into refinish, and therefore that's obviously a lot more stable in the current situation. And so we feel more of the impact on the film side.
John Roberts : Thank you.
Greg Riddle : Let's make the next question the last one, please.
Operator: Thank you. We can now take our final question from Jade Pangea of On-field Research, please go ahead.
Jade Pangea: Thanks a lot. Just one question really is on your guidance for 2022. I mean, hearing in the call and hearing you talk about so many factors that are going to catch up and be beneficial. Just wondering, are you being just very conservative with regards to your EPS range of 9.5 to 10, because considering all the catch-up on raw material and the volume leverage that you were talking about in your specialty businesses. I'm just trying to understand what is the conservative and if there is. Thank you.
Mark Costa : Look, I wouldn't call it conservative or optimistic at this point. I think what I'd say is we're sharing our best thinking with you right now of what we know. Obviously there's a lot of uncertainty in the future. Things we are certain about is we know we can control our costs, right? And we have a very aggressive transformation program going that -- when you look at operational transformation cost-cutting plus variable comp tailwind, that's about $200 million of tailwind that offsets about $80 million to $100 million of inflation. We know that we're going to invest in the growing of this business. We have tremendous growth opportunities right there across our portfolio, and so we have growth investments in that $50 million to $75 million range. That is controllable. We can control the pace of that based on how the market is doing, and that does include some pre -production expense on starting up. [Indiscernible] some other plans when you think about that number. But those are controllable. Obviously there is uncertainty about where CI is going to go. I think we've got a reasonable assumption, but we'll defer to the to some other companies on that and where the markets are. And then on the specialty side, what I'd say is we do feel good about the growth potential, the innovation to create leverage growth on -- along these markets and that spreads will be a tailwind. But there's still a lot of uncertainty about -- automotive demand has many of these questions I have highlighted, there is uncertainty about where raw materials are going to trend and how they progress from where we are now in next year as well as distribution costs. So there's a lot of uncertainty out there that none of us can frankly predict. So what we're confident is if you look at it in 3 buckets, you've got divested earnings offset by share repurchases. You've got a bucket of CI spread normalization offset by cost reductions and then you're asking a question which is, can specialties grow next year relative to this year in a variable margin? And I think we've laid out a case where we think the answer that is very much yes, but I'm not going to get into trying to be more precise about that until we get to January and have a better look at the world we live in at that point.
Jade Pangea: Great. Well done on the [Indiscernible]. Thank you.
Mark Costa : Thank you.
William Mc Lain : Thank you.
Greg Riddle : Just to wrap up, what I'd like to say is deeply appreciate the questions, the interest in the Company. We're incredibly excited about Innovation Day coming up in December. It's been a while since we've had that kind of opportunity to really get more into the detail with investors on how we're going to grow this Company and deploy our balance sheet to create a lot of very attractive growth. And we're excited. When we look at the Board and I, we're having this conversation in our last meeting in the beginning of October and this is the most exciting time I think we've had, when we think about all the different ways we can grow this Company
Mark Costa : and create value. So we look forward to sharing that with you in December, hopefully. It will be virtual, but I hope I will get as many people as possible show up in person as well as be available online so we can have a better chance to interact with all of you. Thank you.
Greg Riddle : Thank s again for joining us this morning. I hope everybody has a great day. That's the end of the call.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-03 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. And welcome to the Second Quarter 2021 Eastman Chemical Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastmans website www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Greg Riddle: Thank you, Christina, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; William McLain, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Jake Laroe, Manager, Investor Relations. Yesterday, after market closed, we posted our second quarter 2021 financial results news release and the SEC 8-K filing, our slides and the related prepared remarks in the Investors section of our website www.eastman.com. Before we begin, Ill cover two items. First, during this call, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are/or will be detailed in our second quarter 2021 financial results news release, during this call, in the preceding slides and prepared remarks and in our filings with the SEC, including the Form 10-Q for first quarter 2021 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for second quarter 2021. Second, earnings referenced in this call exclude certain non-core and unusual items. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded and adjusted items, are available in the second quarter 2021 financial results news release, which is available on our website. As we posted the slides and accompanying prepared remarks on our website last night, we will now go straight into Q&A. Christina, please lets start with our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Well go to our first question from Mike Sison with Wells Fargo.
Mike Sison: Hey. Good morning, guys. Nice quarter. Mark, I guess, when we think about the second half of the year, how much of the improved outlook do you think will come from specialty businesses and how much of it comes from the intermediate?
Mark Costa: Sure. Good morning, Mike, and its a great day here in Appalachia, beautiful morning. And were really excited about the results we had in the second quarter. And to your point really excited about the momentum were building in our specialties as we go forward into the back half of the year, which will be the driving force for earnings in the back half. When we think about it, we had strong volume and mixed growth in the specialties, especially relative to last year or 2019 or even 2018 and the progress that were making and that momentum will continue into the back half of this year. Now some of that strength in volume and mixed growth was offset by sort of temporary -- temporarily high sort of distribution costs and some of the other supply chain factors that we faced in the second quarter and expect those to abate. So not only do you get the volume and mixed growth, you get some improvement in spreads relative to the first half. So thats going to drive a nice improvement for specialties. And I would say that, its going to hold up better, I think, in the fourth quarter than what is normal seasonality, as we look at the lack of restocking customers have made to-date and we dont think that theyre going to make much progress on it really through this year and that will extend into next year. So thats a big driver. In addition to that, youve got lower shutdown costs, a lot of that hit AFP in particular. So youve got that as a benefit. Youve got lower operating costs from all of our operational transformation work, and as I mentioned earlier, is this distribution coming off the sort of spike that it was. There are, of course, headwinds as we expect some moderation in spreads and chemical intermediates, and we have increasing gross spend. So there are some factors that offset some of that. But its definitely much more of a specialty story and how you deliver a back half thats better than the first.
Mike Sison: Got it. And as a quick follow up, slide six, I noticed youve got a lot of cool companies in the -- in terms of the new Q2 signups or commitments for your new facility. Are you close to selling out that facility at this point and at what point do you sort of consider maybe continuing to expand given the momentum youve had there?
Mark Costa: Yeah. Mike, great question. So were really excited about how our circular economy investments are both solving a serious challenge in the planet, a dual challenge really of getting plastic waste out of the environment and deploying a technology that avoids using fossil fuels and does it in a way that has a lower carbon footprint than our current traditional process. So, really a win on both fronts. And our customers see that benefit and its important. Both elements are really important in the solution and weve had tremendous engagement. As we talked about, in the first quarter, you saw a spectrum of brands signing on to take our recycled content, both from our polyester renewal technology, as well as our carbon renewal technology into the biopolymers. And getting P&G and Ferragamo and a variety of other brands to sign on on top is putting us in a great position to fill out this first facility that were building that will come online. Now were already getting benefit from this, because we have a bridging capacity in place with our current assets. So, were building volume and momentum this year and into next. Thats part of our growth story. But with these commitments, you know were going to be in a good position to sort of fill out that plant really quickly with specialty products, which is great. And thats the best way to build a plant is when it ramps up for especially in specialty product line thats not normal and certainly improves the return. And yes, there are interests in going beyond this. We have a core specialty strategy that were real excited about. Were going to continue to invest in that. But beyond that, a lot of customers out there in the fast moving consumer goods world still have to do a lot of packaging and they realize that the best carbon footprint is plastic. Its important to keep that in mind when you think about solving these problems, because in our world of polyester and glass has double the carbon footprint even with much higher recycling rates than polyester today and aluminum is 50% higher. So we need to solve this problem. Our brands understand this problem. It needs to be solved by recycling polymer is as the best carbon footprint solution, as well as a way to get the waste out of the environment. So we have a number of countries actually engaged with us about how to help them think about solving their waste problem and we have a number of brands engaged with us on how we would potentially build facilities for their packaging needs that really solves this dual challenge and so were engaged. But to be clear, were not going to get back into the sort of merchant PET business. We are happy to get back in the making of this product, but its got to be in a more airgas model. We bring a lot the table in the technology thats proven and scalable. We have a lot of operational capability, a lot of ability to build and scale up facilities, as well as operate them really well and a lot of history with methanolysis that allows us to know exactly how to operate this kind of technology which is difficult when youve got a variable feed stream of content coming into it. And for what we bring to the table, we want sort of spread stability. So we need to have long-term contracts with customers that give us a sort of predictable margin and well -- and as well feel certain weve got access to raw material supply which is significant, but still complicated to access. So, if we meet these conditions, well for sure build these facilities and we think that the return on capital and the amount of EBITDA each of these facilities could generate would be quite substantial. Were not going to get into the details of that now. But were really excited about doing this. But it depends on the customers and the countries engaging in the right way, and hopefully, well be able to build several of these plants going forward.
Mike Sison: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Well take our next question from P.J. Juvekar with Citigroup.
P.J. Juvekar: Yeah. Hi. Good morning.
Mark Costa: Good morning, P.J.
William McLain: Good morning, P.J.
P.J. Juvekar: Yeah. It feels like Friday with the Eastman call.
Mark Costa: It does. I am a little disoriented about 9 a.m. too. I am still trying to get used to that.
P.J. Juvekar: Yeah. Just a couple of questions, with the sale of the tire business, you took a big loss on the sale of $0.5 billion. Did this business decline significantly in the last few years, was the supply demand getting worse that the loss was so big against the book value?
William McLain: P.J., this is Willie. Let me start out here. I would also highlight that Solutia was a transformative acquisition thats created significant shareholder value and position us for growth through innovation and the innovation driven growth model that we have and thats been highlighted in interlayers performance films and specialty fluids which are doing incredibly well right now and weve highlighted that on many calls. Also over the past couple of years, weve highlighted the fact of the headwinds and the one-third many of those being macro, with trade, also the competition. So as we assess this business, as you know, the accounting rules dont let us reallocate the goodwill back to the purchase date. So, overall, weve got a strong portfolio and its transformed, but we also need to move forward and I think weve been decisive with those actions. And yes, its resulting in a $500 million write-off, but we believe weve contributed a tremendous amount of value and now were going to focus on what Mark just spoke about, which is investing in the circular economy and growing the two-thirds.
P.J. Juvekar: Okay. Thank you. And Ill follow up with that with Greg later on. In molecular recycling, Mark, where do you get the raw material waste plastic and at what prices? And then on the other side of that, if the recycled plastic costs, if theyre higher, are the consumer companies planning to pass that to their customers, i.e., consumers? Is that what theyre expecting to do?
Mark Costa: So the supply is one of the more interesting conversations around the circular economy, which is theres a vast majority of plastic waste out there, but its also -- you have to have a plan and a structure to access it. So, when you think about polyester in the U.S. just around the first point were building here, theres about 20 billion pounds of polyester waste annually produced in this country that goes into packaging, textiles and carpet, 40% -- only 40% of it is actually packaging. And when you look at what can be mechanically recycled of that 40%, only 25% to 30% can realistically be mechanic recycled and the vast majority of that recycling is actually into textiles, not back into bottles, because you have to have extremely clean polymer to clean up and melt back into a bottle. So its very limited on how you can actually solve the packaging problem with mechanical recycling, and then all the carpet and textiles pretty much ends up in landfill, because mechanical recycling again doesnt really have an ability to do something with it. So under any of these scenarios, when you look at all this waste and we want as much mechanical recycling to happen as possible, because it has a good carbon footprint, its going to be very limited and it also doesnt have a long-term life because through mechanical recycling, the polymer breaks down after sort of five cycles. So, in a molecular recycling, which is what were doing is essential to really solving this problem, and again, its essential because the alternative materials have a worse carbon footprint. So were really excited to be a leader in how to solve this and the advantage of being a leader for our feedstock teams are out there engaging on multiple sources is were way ahead of everyone else and going to commercial scale, right? We only -- in the polyester world, we only have other sort of small startups attempting to get into this space on the planet and they dont have the resources that we have in technology, operations, how to build the scale of a plant, et cetera. So when we engage with the brands. We have a compelling story not just of the solution but our ability to actually deliver it and be scalable in how we do it. And when youre willing to assign value to a waste thats going to landfill versus landfill, customer and suppliers engage quite actively and so were feeling very good about being able to access that. So were not going to get in there with the prices. Were keeping our strategy and details of how were accessing feedstock confidential as a competitive advantage in our point of view. But were very confident we can access waste at a very affordable level. And then on the customer side, the customers recognize that recycled content is going to be at a premium. As we shared with you all the way back in January, the premium that our PET is getting relative to fossil fuel-based PET is substantial, 60%, 80% premium in Europe right now. The premiums arent that far behind us and are now starting to climb in the U.S. as well. So they know that this is going to cost additional money. And what we can provide is more certainty on the price and predictability, then what you can get from the spot, our PET market thats at the food grade level. So, thats also part of our value proposition on our air gas models. While we want to make long -- while we have to have long-term commitments for our customers to make our economics work, it also is structured in a way that gives them a lot more price certainty and how to manage their business. So, I think, it works for both parties.
P.J. Juvekar: Thank you.
Operator: We will go to our next question from Jeff Zekauskas with JP Morgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. In your commodity business, you earned $144 million and I think last year you earned $22 million. Can you analyze the year-over-year change in that operation? And I think sometimes you talk about intermediates, plasticizers, functional amines as being the larger chunks of it. How did those subsegments do your every year? Can you talk about the dynamics here?
Mark Costa: Sure, Jeff. And yes, its quite the recovery in chemical intermediates like many other companies who have similar kind of products versus last year. And its a combination of better volume but significantly better spread thats driving that success in the portfolio. But before I get to this broad part, I want to just get to the composition of CI first as you asked. So the 25% of revenue in CI is actually it means -- functionally it means. Theyre mostly on cost pass-through contracts. And so theyve had very steady spread since we frankly bought Taminco in the way their business is structured and theyve had a nice solid steady volume growth over time delivering very predictable and attractive earnings. And theyve got a few accelerants on top of that beyond just the normal ag growth. So weve got a plant that we just built and are ramping up for Corteva for their Enlist product thats giving us a lot more additional growth on top of that core business. So thats just been a nice great steady business. Then the -- then you do have plasticizers, which has been a very attractive business. Weve been a leader in non-phthalate plasticizers for a long time and so we get not just underlying market growth but above market growth in that business as weve been replacing other plasticizers. And the spreads there, of course, connect to the olefin chains have done quite well this year. But its not just spreads, its also a nice growth story with the position we have in that marketplace. And then, youve got olefins and asset yields. Olefins and that set of intermediates that we make there is by far bigger part of the business than asset yields and spreads have obviously significantly improved with the dynamics significantly improved with the dynamics in propylene relative to propane. So thats been a driver of the performance. Acid fuels is a much more business for us. Its important to remember. Were not really in acetic acid very much. Its just a co-product. We make acetic and hydride. Were the largest player in acetic and hydride in the world to make cellulosics, right? And so when we look at the value of that stream with all the specialties, they are made off of that and advanced materials, AFP, and of course, fibers. The margins are -- that integrated acetyl stream is quite significant and above company average. So its really about the olefins part where were having some benefits, obviously, right now, as well as at some point expect moderation. But even there, weve made investments to improve CI and then stability. So, we have a lot of that business on cost pass-through contracts versus spot, because we want predictable earnings that really show a lot of benefit and how well CI held up on an annual basis in 2019 and 2020 relative to 2018. So we did quite a bit better than others on that front, and of course, were getting a benefit this year not quite the same spot prices as some others might have. And were happy to make that tradeoff. But weve done other things like the RGP investment, which has been a phenomenal investment to give us the ability to reduce the amount of ethylene we produce when its not attractive and still make it when it is. So thats been a great way to stabilize that business and weve optimized sites like taking Singapore down which has been one of the highest parts of olefin volatility in our portfolio and shutting that down will improve not just earnings but reduce volatility. So a lot of things going on across the Board to optimize value here and its important to keep in mind, chemical intermediates exist to support the specialties, which are growing really well. And part of the reason youll see volume going down this business is because the specialties are consuming it so fast in their growth. So, overall, its playing its role, creating the value of reliability for customers, creating value to optimize our cost structure and were really proud of the team and how theyve optimize value in the first half of the year.
Jeff Zekauskas: How much of whats produced in the commodity segment is used internally roughly and how is that changing in the current environment?
William McLain: And so, yes, what I would say is approximately 50%, and as Mark has highlighted, we continue to debottleneck and get 1% and 2% growth a year in that space. So, over time, trying to keep the reliability for our customers, but at the same time be there when our specialties need it.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay. Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Frank Mitsch with Fermium Research.
Frank Mitsch: Hey. Good morning folks and I agree with P.J. I think like its Friday. Just following up on chemical intermediates in terms of the margins and the spreads, how did July turned out relative to the 2Q average? Any sort of pace that you could provide for us on how chemical intermediates profitability has been turning would be great.
Mark Costa: Yeah. So, if we look at July, what Id say Frank is, prices have held up similar in July to the second quarter. But propane costs are trending higher, right? So part of our commentary is that propane was about $0.90 on average in the second quarter. Its $1.10 in July. So youve got some propane headwind, but prices are holding up well. Now our guidance includes some expectation that prices will start to normalize as we go through the back half of this year. I think theres a wide range of opinions about the rate at which prices may or may not normalize in the back half of the year. Id say were probably in the middle of the road on, relative to the commentary out there, where we expect some but not dramatic and we said were getting out the olefin forecasting business a long time ago and were going to stick with that.
Frank Mitsch: Okay.
Mark Costa: Its a little hard to predict the pace at which these markets can change. But appreciate the earnings its actually been a nice balance, as were working pricing relative to raws in the specialties and so these sort of neutralize each other out in some ways. And on the spread front, our strategy is focused on growing high value, volume and mix through innovation in the specialties, which is the vast majority of who we are. Its nice to get these benefits out of CI, but its also nice thats a small part of the company and not a big driver of our long-term growth story.
Frank Mitsch: Got you. And actually that feeds into my question in terms of seasonality on 4Q. It looks like the guide is more heavily weighted on the third quarter. Is that more a function of that you have greater near-term visibility? And just, in general, what are your thoughts on 4Q seasonality, since there does seem to be some thought out there that its going to be less than typical in normal years?
Mark Costa: Yeah. So on the specialty side, Id say, our view is, demand is going to be strong and hold up well in the third quarter and continue into the fourth quarter. So not that normal seasonal drop as we dont see a lot of progress in customers making sort of improvements in their inventory situation, especially in some markets like automotive or construction. And those kind of markets clearly are being sort of rate limited by supply chain challenges in the way theyre serving underlying market demand which is very strong around the world. And so theyre going to continue to want to sort of ramp up production, wherever they get raw materials to serve that need. So we think that continues -- that sort of strength continues in the back half of this year, and frankly, into next year in those kind of end markets. And then youve got other steady markets are just constantly growing like care chemicals, water treatment, ag, et cetera, that -- well, that always provides stability. So, yeah, we think its going to hold up better on that side. When it comes to chemical intermediates to think already hit that which is at some point
Frank Mitsch: Yeah.
Mark Costa: we expect normalization spreads. I just dont know when.
Frank Mitsch: Got you. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Well take our next question from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you. Mark, I am wondering in the sort of molecular recycling arena. Youve talked about the key opportunity on a take or pay basis. I am wondering like in polyester fibers, if theres an avenue into the apparel industry or textile industry. I mean, I know you obviously have Naia through the fibers but thats a different solution. So I am just wondering if there is another source of customer opportunity to sell recycled polyester fiber?
Mark Costa: Yeah. So theres two different opportunities for this, Vincent, and good to hear from you, in the textile world. First and foremost, were having tremendous success with our biopolymer, right? So youve got to remember, we have a cellulosic polymer called Naia that is half biopolymer from a certified sustainable force and the other half now is going to have recycled content in it through our recycling technology and its -- as a microfiber, its certified as biodegradable. So its the hat-trick of solving the environmental problems that are out there and we see really strong engagement from customers on that. Its a nice high margin product for us and in a way to sort of repurpose all of the fibers capacity that was making tow. So we spent a lot of time driving that and its just a great success story. And when you think about just this year, the amount of growth were having in textiles is offsetting the decline in tow. And the one-time hit we took in that discontinued specialty product which was $10 million alone. So, really great progress by that team. And yes, there is the opportunity in addition to that to look at polyester fiber with recycled content in it. Those are some of the conversations were starting to have along with some of the packaging customers on where we could potentially lean in and help on that front. So its a possibility to add to our growth story in the biopolymer textile.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And can I just ask you on and I know you raised the free cash flow guidance, but just curious how youre thinking of managing the sort of raw materials issues that are out there in terms of inventories. And some companies sort of were seeing a bulge, sort of during the year while theyre trying to procure inventories to make sure they have what they need for customers, others are talking about maybe they want to have more on hand in general in the future just given we continue to see sort of unplanned outages and things like that and they want to be a little bit more nimble. Whats the thinking inside of Eastman in terms of how you want to manage inventories given that youre, obviously, a very strong free cash flow generator and thats an important part of the story?
William McLain: Thanks, Vincent. This is Willie. Yes. I would like to highlight, of course, the tremendous efforts that our team members across the world did to deliver free cash flow here in the first half of the year. To your point, weve delivered greater free cash flow this year almost $450 million in the first six months and thats facing raw material pricing inflation of about $200 million higher than last year. As Mark highlighted earlier, the supply chains continue, I will call it, to be -- I will call it thin and were looking to ensure security of supply. So there would be choices that we would make to ensure in our specialties that we have the ability to meet our demands of our customers and we would make those trade-offs. Weve factored that in to our forecast guidance as we think about delivering greater than $1.1 billion this year. But it is choices that we will continue to make as we see the demand scenarios play out. Its hard to imagine building a lot of inventory right now just if we assume demand levels of Q2.
Vincent Andrews: Thanks very much.
Operator: Well go to our next question from Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes. Good morning. Mark, with regard to your specialty segments, margins came down a bit on a sequential basis. In that context, I was wondering if you can talk about how much of the cost inflation has been recovered and how much you think youll need to recover and what role price increases might play in that process for additives and functional products, as well as advanced materials? Thanks.
Mark Costa: Yes. So, I think, were doing well on managing prices in the specialties. As we look to the second quarter and the way were increasing prices here in the third quarter, were think -- we think were well on track to managing prices relative to raw material costs and I am really incredibly proud of the teams and how theyre doing that. The challenge we had in the second quarter was the spike in distribution costs on top of the raw materials. A lot of it was just airfreighting, right? So its not just price -- per unit delivered, but its mode that we had to use to keep our customer supplied. So there just was a tremendous amount of airfreighting going on. We expect that to abate back to more normal modes, and as well as sort of calmed down a bit. Now, were getting some price recover some of those costs, but not all of it and thats part of the offset that you saw in the second quarter. So as we go in the back half, we feel really quite good about keeping up with raws and managing the distribution total costs. So its not really our concern. Were focused on just trying to get volume and mix delivered to customers and the market demand out there is really good. Well above our logistics capabilities that we can access and so the constraint is going to be more about just access to the logistics on how we drive demand the back half of the year and how much that could limit to the level of growth in the back half relative to the second quarter. But we feel quite good about the raw materials -- managing the raw material situation.
Kevin McCarthy: I see. Thank you for that. And then, secondly, your prepared remarks released last night referenced $100 million of savings from digitization, site optimization, operations, transformation, et cetera. So a few questions, maybe if you could elaborate on what exactly youre doing there and how these savings might spread among your segments and what the associated cash outlay might be attached to those projected savings?
William McLain: What I would highlight is, weve had three primary buckets that weve talked about of cost savings. So as we think about site optimizations, we -- I would say, we have substantially executed most of those through mid-year and we expect a tailwind. And we frame that all in to be a $50 million program, of which we would expect about half of that to flow into next year as well. Weve also talked about how we do maintenance turnarounds, Ill call it, spans and layers across our operations front and weve made those implementations at the end of, Ill call it, end of 2020, going into 2021 and we expect as thats fully implemented, there will be additional tailwinds from those actions. Additionally, as we continue to think about leveraging our sites for other partners as another way of creating value and gaining, Ill call it, earnings from additional capacities that we have, were continuing to make progress on those fronts as well Year in, year out, our goal is to not, Ill call it, in normal operations is to offset inflation. And also, as you think about going from 2021 to 2022, I would say on the variable comp will also be a tailwind as we manage all three of those buckets.
Kevin McCarthy: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question from Alex Yefremov with KeyBanc.
Alex Yefremov: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Mark, where do you stand in advancing this industrial gas light business model for your methanolysis technology? Are you in any specific discussions with potential partners and have those discussions been fruitful?
Mark Costa: Yeah. So we are engaged in specific discussions with partners both at the country and the brand level, as well as sources of feedstock supply. So a lot of conversations going on and now we have a full team just dedicated to managing this area and quite encouraged by the level and seriousness at which the counterparties are taking this and understanding the challenges and what we see in their commitments to make a real difference in improving the environment with our products. So I feel good about it. But its not over until its over and so we just have to see how these discussions play out. And Ill be excited to share the news with you once Ive actually achieved my objective on the structure of these kind of deals.
Alex Yefremov: Great. Well, we look forward to that. And as a follow up on free cash flow, you mentioned for next year priorities are dividend increase, M&A and share repurchases. The last two categories, how do you think about the balance, if you cant find bolt-ons, should we think of sort of share repurchases as sort of a default option or repurchases are going to be more opportunistic in nature?
Mark Costa: Yeah. So I am going to sort of answer the first part of that question and then Ill hand it off to Willie for more of the detail. But, first of all, I just want to recognize we really are proud of how well our teams have managed and delivered free cash flow and the stability in which weve been able to do it in both good and challenging times. And it really -- when we reflect on it, its been a decade journey to get to this kind of performance. When you go back to, you know, where we were before, the Solutia transaction. Our free cash flow, frankly, wasnt as strong and Solutia dramatically improved the quality of our portfolio along with Taminco being less capital intensive and improving our free cash flow. So, in addition to earnings, there was a significant benefit that came out of the Solutia acquisition in the free cash flow side. And then, weve had this tremendous success in growing these high value innovation products that are quite attractive margins, which means they generate a lot of cash and improving the cash flow of the portfolio that way. And then, of course, theres recent actions weve taken in optimizing our portfolio like selling tires. Thats going to give us additional cash. So, were in a very strong sort of strategic position from a cash and balance sheet point of view. And as we look at it going forward, you know, just to reiterate our priorities first and foremost is doing CapEx consistent with specialty innovation growth strategy and making sure we have the capacity in place to support our growth. Then, of course, theres this acceleration opportunity around the circular economy. The first step is just part of our strategy, which is how do we add recycled content to our specialty products. But as weve discussed on this call theres this opportunity to build additional plants in the airgas model that could substantially add to our EBITDA and so were going to be looking at those as an option for cash. And then you get to share repurchases and bolt-on M&A as the next steps. Of course, we always have a growing dividend that is part of that overall cash story. So its -- the priorities are clear there. To be clear were not looking at large M&A that questions out there. And we think that pulling all these levers in concert is a way to create a nice balanced growth story for the company. Ill let Willie give you a little more details around exactly where the cash position sits at this point.
William McLain: Yeah. What I would say is, with the improving EBITDA, we expect to be done with delevering at the end of this year. And I would also add that, were now not expecting to need to further delever for the tires divestiture. So weve committed to roughly $250 million of share repurchases in the back half of the year and now thinking that we would have roughly $600 million to $650 million of cash to repurchase shares and or bolt-on as Mike -- as Mark has highlighted as we wrap up the year. Our balance sheet is in great shape. Were below 2.5 times net debt-to-EBITDA and expect also from a rating agency view to achieve 2.5 times and below by year end. Were in a great position and as we think about going forward, we have roughly $1.2 billion remaining on our current stock repurchase authorization and with the cash that I talked about as we wrap up the year and think about potentially $700 million of free cash flow thats up the strategic use of next year, were in a strong position as we move forward, as Mark highlighted.
Mark Costa: Yeah. And just on the bolt-ons, were not going to be opportunistic. Were going to be very strategic. In other words, were adding new bolt-ons if they really fit with the company, they really create a lot of value and reinforce an existing business and were going to be disciplined about what we pay. So were not giving a caught up and deal fever. Having said that, we very much would like to do bolt-on M&A, but its got to meet those conditions.
Operator: Well go to our next question from John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: Thank you. In AFP, when you say looking at additional actions, is that more divestments or is that taking out stranded costs from the tire rubber chemicals divestment?
Mark Costa: I -- were always committed, John, to managing our cost structure including what residual costs might occur from a divestiture. And so well manage that as part of our overall operational and business operating model transition work. But when it comes to other work as were referring to adhesives, where were continuing to pursue both JV and divestiture options without business, where we have good engagement from multiple parties and well see how that plays out.
John Roberts: Okay. And then after the conversion of more standards -- standard copolyester to Tritan, what percent of the copolyester production will be Tritan? How much capacity do you have left so you can have low capital intensity upgrades there?
Mark Costa: We certainly have low capital intensity upgrades. Thats been the story especially plastics since it began, right? It all -- it started with a bunch of PET assets thats handed to it from at that time, if you go back far enough in history, their big brother. And then repurpose those PET assets to making our traditional copolyesters and then repurposing those polymer assets to make Tritan. And we did a bunch of expansions in 2018 to support growth across the entire company portfolio and are doing a number of them here that we started last year expecting recovery at the back in the COVID and the need for growth assets. Tritan is one of those many projects that we have going on where weve converted copolyester line in the second quarter of this year to Tritan and will come online this quarter. And thats a continuous story in addition to probably were getting to a point where probably were going to add polymer capacity, because the growth across the portfolio now that Tritan has been so robust. But I think that really has been a big driver of the story. Greg wants to talk. So, Greg, go ahead.
Greg Riddle: Sorry. Tritan today probably represents about a third -- little over a third of the revenue for specialty plastics. So were looking for quantification. Thats about where it is.
Mark Costa: Yeah.
John Roberts: Great. Thanks.
Mark Costa: Its a grower, but its important to understand recycled content not just to Tritan but to all the copolyesters, our Cristal Renew product that goes into cosmetic packaging, a variety of other polyesters are also growing really fast with the circular addition to our story. Thats why were going to have to add total polymer capacity.
Operator: And our next question from Matthew DeYoe with Bank of America.
Matthew DeYoe: Good morning. Congrats on the P&G announcement and when I read the press release I guess I understand in the agreement for purchasing of Renew. But how are you two working together to address the infrastructure problems? You kind of alluded to that in the press release. I am just wondering what P&G is committing to doing here?
Mark Costa: Well, theres a lot of policy, as well as collaboration with the recycle -- existing recycling infrastructure that I think is amplified when were working with brands who have a very deep relationship with the recyclers, right? So they buy a lot of recycled content today from those companies and working with them and encouraging them to broaden what they do beyond just easy-to-recycle product and making this broader waste stream available to us is a point of collaboration for us. So there is collaboration with the existing infrastructure and encouragement for them to improve their capabilities. Theres also collaboration at the political level both national and state level and even local level on policy that supports the improvement in recycling infrastructure, encourages the consumers to have the right behavior. Theres a lot of different ways to get at that with whats called EPRs, expanded producer responsibility or bottle bills, et cetera, that can drive more recycling. And ensuring that the value of recycling material versus putting it to landfill has more value and policy comes in play there too. So theres a lot to be done at multiple levels, and I think, P&G, and frankly, a number of other brands that were talking to are going to be really valuable partners in advocating to help improve our ability to sort of be responsible with this valuable resource and create a true circular economy.
Matthew DeYoe: All right. That makes sense. And as a follow-up, so paint protection film has been a nice source of growth for Eastman over the last couple of quarters. Have sales expectations for the year kind of decelerated for that business in line with auto sales forecasts or is the adoption cycle making up for that kind of downshift in the underlying?
Mark Costa: No. Its doing great. And its not been a couple of quarters. Its been many years of how well this performance films business has done both in the window film and the paint protection film. Its been a tremendous growth story. Last year they grew in a very down market, because this category of paint protection film in particular is just dramatically growing and how people want to protect their paint. And we just launched a new Gen 3 product that is substantially better than our existing products which were still market leading in their performance. But its much easier to install. It performs better in protecting the paint. And it now actually has the gloss of ceramic coating if youre familiar with the car industry. So it actually has a better gloss when you put this on than the original clear coat of the car. I just came back from visiting a bunch of dealers out west and getting their direct feedback about how this is going and theyre just incredibly excited about that and its not just the product. Weve also rolled out a new software program called Core that has superior pattern cutting, which is a really difficult part of doing paint protection film. Well, when you think about all the different car shapes there and you need the film to fit properly around the car and this software allows them to make very precise cuts and install much easier you know with the patterns of all the cars in the last 10 years, which is a non-trivial task to create, I might add. So its done really well and then the channel strategies weve deployed about working with auto dealers and additional the retail market has expanded our market tremendously over the last five years. So its a great business, growing well high value mix upgrade to the segment and even with the other markets slowing down, were seeing this business continue to do well, because our dealers are trying to focus on what they can upsell on to the car within the limited volume they have to sell. So, were getting good engagement as theyre trying to you know add features to what theyre selling.
Matthew DeYoe: Would you ever -- if I can just tack on, would you ever look into moving into the installer game for the paint protection film, because I understand the margins there are pretty fat and like exposed, slowly kind of moving downstream or is that something that you wouldnt do?
Mark Costa: No. Were looking at all models to make sure that our dealers and our --both retail cars -- dealers, as well as the auto dealers have the resources to do the installation. I think is what youre getting at and theres a lot of different ways to do that. We have no interest in getting into competition with our customers. We dont think thats a very good business model when the retailers have been such, you know, loyal and valuable partners with us. But we do recognize that with labor constraints out there. Weve got to have different models to enable installation and resources to be in place and so were looking at multiple ways to do that. So, thats how we look at it. But its a important aspect of what you do is help them develop the high quality installers.
Operator: Well take our next question from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Bob Koort: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Mark Costa: Good morning.
William McLain: Good morning.
Bob Koort: Mark, I wanted to ask you, you highlighted quite a few times about being specialty story, obviously, the CI earnings are maybe making that a little more challenging for people to embrace. And weve seen some pretty good devaluation in your stock over the last few months, almost akin to you being lumped in with some of the peak fears that are out there on some other maybe more commoditized names. So, I guess, how do you see CI -- I mean is this going to fade and create a big step down that sort of rubs from the aggregate growth as the specialty businesses grow, do you think it can stabilize? And I mean, just looking at consensus numbers and looks like something like 2% EBITDA growth in 2022 and 2023. Can you give us some inspiration that that is inadequate?
Mark Costa: Thanks. Yeah. So Bob, thanks for the question. And look, we think were making tremendous progress on changing our portfolio and our performance towards specialty. Weve done the analysis and I know all of you can go do it. But if you go look at how weve held up margins over 2018 to now or 2017 to now as a total company, how weve delivered earnings performance, were much more in the specialty category than in the commodity category of our peer set. The data is actually quite clear. At some point Ill show it to you. So, I think, weve actually held up really well. Theres no question that people sort of focus on the CI question right now and the way I look at CI is, its an incredibly valuable part of our vertical integration and our reliability to our customers. Weve proven the value to customers multiple times on how it supports that. And at times like this where they get some expansion, why prices are catching up to rise in some other parts of the business, it actually gives us more stable earnings. That diversity actually creates economic stability. So I dont see whats wrong with that. And as I look at 2022, we certainly expect some moderation of CI in its spreads as we go into that year relative to this year. But when you look at all the growth that we have going for ourselves and improvements in the cost structure, were actually quite confident we can deliver quite attractive earnings growth in 2022 to relative to 2021, including the offset of the moderation in CI. So when you got -- look at it from a markets point of view, a lot of markets that are still going to be in recovery mode next year, whether its auto, building construction, medical, aviation, youve got restocking that will still continue into next year I think. And then you got really steady growth markets like chemicals, ag, water treatment, consumables that about -- those sort of stable markets that are about 40% of our revenue. On top of that, youve got all the innovation driving growth across the whole portfolio whether its performance films, I just discussed, Tritan weve hit on. Weve still got next gen acoustics and HUD and the layers growing. Weve got tetra shield in food and beverage packaging, textiles, animal nutrition, et cetera. And then you got the circular economy driving more growth and then weve got you know good smart segmentation strategies and business were in. So were in the right parts of the markets like luxury cars and EVs, et cetera. And its not just volume. You got to remember all these things that are growing really well are high value mix and the challenges we had you know in 2019 and 2020 were not spread, right? It was as a company were in the specialties. It was just that high value mix coming off and its now coming back, and we said youll see the mirror image benefit of that and youre seeing it this year and youll see it next year. In addition that you got costs coming off by $100 million on the operational level plus another $50 million in lower distribution and shutdown costs seen as sort of the onetime things. And then youve got where you think spreads might go and youve got increased gross spend. So when you put it all together net, were well-positioned to deliver EPS growth in 2022 relative to this year.
Bob Koort: All right. Ill give you check-in more inspired then. Thank you.
Operator: Well go to
Mark Costa: You ended please, Bob.
Operator: Well go to our next question from Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan: All right. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe I could just ask a similar question to Bobs here. So if we look at 2021 versus, say, 2019 or even 2022 versus 2019 EPS in the $9 or so range this year. If we look at a three-year average CAGR maybe its around 9%, which is definitely commendable and within your 8% to 12% earlier comments from a while back. I guess is that still kind of how youre looking at it and then maybe you could just put a finer point on some of this. So if we look at next year, you have potentially some parts of the $50 million coming on from the recycling technology. Maybe CI falls off a little bit but how much of AM and AFP is still left for recovery if you could help us with that, that be great? Thanks.
Mark Costa: So, yeah, weve been doing everything relative to 2018, which was our last peak and were really excited that were going to have EPS well above 2018. And then as I just laid out, were confident and keep growing it from 2021 into 2022. And I think that everything we said in Innovation Day is still true, plus weve added a lot more growth through circular economy onto the Innovation Day story. So thinking about that growth rate of 8% to 12% I think is a reasonable way to think about next year on -- at EPS level. You got to remember if we succeed in divestitures that will have an impact on EBIT that well be buying back stock to offset it, so all of our guidance and commentary today is not at the EBIT level including the impact of divestitures.
Arun Viswanathan: And I am sorry, how much of AFP and AM you think is still up for recovery?
Mark Costa: Oh! I think theres a lot of growth left in both businesses. As we would get Advanced Materials, we actually expect very strong growth in Advance Materials next year relative to this year. So that story is going to continue to be strong and be even more compelling next year. So, thats really exciting. When you look at AFP and look at the two-thirds of AFP, in other words, without tires and adhesives in it, the earnings this year are expected to be a bit better than 2018 levels when you look at that portfolio and a lot of that is just tremendous growth and coatings in line with our customers. In addition to good steady growth in things like ag and animal attrition, and I think our chemicals, as well as fluids. So, good story across the Board and that even includes the aviation headwind when I say that about this year being better than 2018 for the two-thirds of AFP. So but -- and thats also positioned to keep growing both through recovering markets and innovation next year, not quite as much as AM, because theyre still earlier in their innovation cycle. But still delivering nice growth, so those two grow well, fibers being quite stable and improving cost structure gives you a very solid position.
Arun Viswanathan: Thanks.
Greg Riddle: Christina, lets make this next one the last question, please.
Operator: Well take our last question from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Mark, first on the molecular recycling facility, wont you be in position to announce that additional capital investment either as an addition to that facility or a new one? Could it be in 2022 or do you think after that for another investment in molecular recycling?
Mark Costa: Great question, David. And it sort of depends on the page on which we go in our discussions with these customers and countries. But for our internal needs, I think, that this first facility is what were going to need for 2023, 2024, so were not going to be starting a new specialty plant until we get this one up and running. But when you look at these other additional growth opportunities, I hope in the next 12 months or sooner, we could have an announcement around making progress on these other additional plants.
David Begleiter: Very good. And just really on free cash flow, if we do achieve EPS growth, which you say will be attractive in 2022. How much above the $1 billion or $1.1 billion of cash flow do you think you could achieve next year? Thank you.
William McLain: Yeah. David, thanks for the question. So, as I think about it, as weve talked about all the content being, Ill call it, accretive now on the tire as we think about putting more cash to use on repurchases. Itll be a headwind as we think about cash flow next year. So, again, were looking, Ill call it, to be in the $1 billion to $1.1 billion as a starting point and thats taking into consideration the headwind that well see from the divestiture of the tires business.
David Begleiter: Thank you.
Mark Costa: So, just to wrap up, I wanted to make a couple of quick comments really to my employees and to the investors, which is I can only sit here and talk about the success weve had this year, how well we performed even in holding up last year and our ability to actually deliver growth next year on top of this year is the employees. They have just done a phenomenal job. Theres a lot of stress and fatigue out there when it comes to trying to keep this market supplied with how strong demand has been and every day they show up and just do remarkable work, not just in sort of operating delivering against the demand we have in this marketplace, ensuring we get the raw materials that we need, but also keeping innovation alive. To get to $600 million of revenue from innovation this year on top of all the chaos that comes from working our way through this dynamic environment is a real testament to the team, to our growth model and to the way they engage the marketplace. And I just wanted to express my deep appreciation to all of them for the phenomenal job that theyve done. And with that, I want to thank you for all your questions and wish you all a good day.
Operator: [Technical Difficulty] todays call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-30 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the First Quarter 2021 Eastman Chemical Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman's website, www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Greg Riddle: Thank you, Tracy, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; William McLain, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Jake Laroe, Manager, Investor Relations. Yesterday, after market closed, we posted our first quarter 2021 financial results news release and SEC 8-K filing, our slides and the related prepared remarks in the Investors section of our website www.eastman.com. Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are/or will be detailed in our first quarter 2021 financial results news release, during this call, in the preceding slides and prepared remarks and in our filings with the SEC, including the Form 10-K filed for full year 2020 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for first quarter 2021. Second, earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain noncore and unusual items. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded and adjusted items, are available in the first quarter 2021 financial results news release, which is available on our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Costa: Thanks, Greg. Before we answer your questions, I want to take a few minutes to make some comments. We're off with an excellent start to 2021, and I'm proud of the many accomplishments we've achieved in just a few short months. We're building momentum, and the strong operational execution of our teams is paying off as the global economy improves. There are several highlights I want to cover. First, strong demand from the end of 2020 continued through the first quarter. In many markets, demand is returning to or exceeding 2019 levels. We reported 20% higher adjusted EPS over '19 and 5% over a very strong first quarter last year before we felt the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Consistent with our track record of strong free cash flow, we also delivered record free cash flow of $125 million in the first quarter, which was up substantially from a very strong performance a year ago. We achieved these solid results despite operational logistical headwinds from Winter Storm Uri. I'm incredibly proud of our team in Texas, who took proactive steps ahead of the storm to avoid a hard shutdown any of our assets. Then they worked tirelessly to repair and restarter facilities, which helped ensure supply for our customers. Thanks to the proactive planning, we were able to safely start with no injuries and well ahead of our competitors. We had half of our Texas manufacturing facility operational within one week of the storm, and we're more than 95% operational within three weeks. To all the Eastman employees who sacrifice and rose to the challenge, thank you on behalf of our customers and all of the colleagues at Eastman. Moving to other highlights. We've made significant progress with our circular economy efforts, which I'll talk more about in a moment, and our progress hasn't gone unnoticed with Barron's adding Eastman to its list of the 100 Most Sustainable Companies for 2021, a true honor for us. And we issued our inclusion and diversity report, which you can find on our website. At Eastman, we take our environmental, social and governance commitment seriously, and transparency is the utmost importance. We also continue to allocate our capital with returns to stockholders in mind. To that end, we recently completed a small bolt-on acquisition of 3M Food and Feed, a leading animal health and nutrition company accelerate growth in the animal nutrition business. And finally, we think the favorable trends in the economy, coupled with our innovation investments and continued disciplined cost management, sets us up for strong EPS and free cash flow growth this year and next. On our January call, we gave you an update on the progress we're making to become a leader in the circular economy. We announced that we're building one of the world's largest plastic-to-plastic molecular recycling facilities at our site in Kingsport, Tennessee. Since then, we've broken ground on the facility and continue to target mechanical completion by the end of '22. Even more impressive is the amount of momentum we're building with customers in many different markets around the world. The demand for our renew branded products include Eastman Tritan Renew, Eastman Cristal Renew is strong. At this point, demand for our specialty products and the circular economy offerings, has been better than we anticipated. And specific to the new facility we announced, we're ahead of schedule in terms of customer demand for the capacity. We have a robust pipeline for additional announcements throughout the year and look forward to sharing those with you. Turning to our outlook. As we entered the second quarter with strong demand and mix momentum, we also expect to benefit from cost discipline, including lower operating costs from our operational transformation program. However, there are specific headwinds we face, including maintenance turnaround, supplier reliability and some slowdown in auto production. In addition, we have price increases that are continuing to catch up to higher raw material, energy and distribution costs in some products. Despite these headwinds, we expect a sequential increase in EPS with second quarter adjusted EPS expected to be at or above second quarter of 2018 adjusted EPS of $2.22. Moving the full year, we expect strong market growth and product mix improvement to continue. Our innovation-driven growth model will enable us to grow faster than the underlying market recovery, and we expect a number of markets will be rebuilding inventory. We also expect much of the capacity constraints, supply reliability and logistics headwinds to lessen alongside a potential moderation in tight commodity markets. We expect to continue to benefit from about $100 million of full year tailwind for improved capacity utilization compared to last year when we aggressively managed inventory well below the decline in demand with our focus on cash. And we're on track to keep our cost structure flat compared to 2020 and well below 2019 and '18 levels. We, therefore, expect adjusted EPS will be about -- be between $8.25 and $8.75 for the full year of '21. On cash, we expect free cash flow to approach $1.1 billion, which is consistent with our expectations for stronger adjusted EBITDA. We expect 2021 will be our fifth consecutive year of free cash flow greater than $1 billion, and we will work to grow free cash flow from here. Putting it all together, these outstanding results remind me about what gives Eastman this incredible resiliency and strategic advantage. First and foremost, it's the people at Eastman who continue to persevere and help us win as we saw during the time crisis, and this is we see every day from this team. And as I reflect on how we position our company through the global trade disruptions of 2019 and then COVID in '20, I feel confident in our ability to grow EPS and cash off this new level of earnings. Despite a challenging macroeconomic backdrop over the last several years, we have not sacrificed our efforts to innovate and invest in our specialty portfolio and expect those investments to continue to pay off as we finish off '21 and move into '22. In the meantime, we'll continue to focus on what we can control, remain convicted to long-term attractive earnings growth and sustainable value creation for our owners and all our stakeholders. With that, I'll turn it back to Greg.
Greg Riddle: Thank you, Mark. Tracy, we are ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will now take our first question from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you and good morning everyone. Mark, wondering if you could just give us a little bit more details on the new molecular recycling plan in terms of what you mean by being ahead of ahead of schedule? And I'm wondering if you can talk a bit to the customers that are signing up for the volume and how much volume may be you've already contacted? And what your expectations are in terms of contracting level by the time you start up?
Mark Costa: Sure, Vince, and thanks for the question. We're really excited about what we're doing on our chemical recycling technologies, both our cellulosic recycling technology as well as our methanolysis. To your question around the methanolysis plant that we announced in January, we are seeing incredibly strong interest from our customers. And they're really compelled by our value proposition that has three key elements that's driving their interest. I mean the first is that we have a solution to plastic waste that cannot be mechanically recycled, much of which ends up in landfill or in the environment. And we can use that as feedstock to upscale into more durable products from the packaging applications or carpet and other applications that we're sourcing. And we can do it with infinite loop, so that's incredibly important is to have that solution. Equally important to them is that there's no compromise on the polymer in its performance and quality and as a drop in replacement. Because we're rebuilding building blocks to be identical to what we normally get from fossil fuels, the product is identical. And so it's an easy drop, they're an easy switch over to our offering, and they don't have to change the brand position and the quality of what we provide. And the third element that's very important to everyone is that has lower carbon footprint than fossil fuels. We want to solve the waste crisis, but we also need to be sensitive to climate at the same time, and there's no toxic waste. So it is a great story that they want to embrace and have in their brands. And so we've seen a number of customers, as you've seen on the chart with supplied in the prepared remarks, the customers adopting. So Lauder is a great win that we're really excited about. And there's many other companies in the cosmetic packaging area as well as all these other fast-moving consumer goods, et cetera, that are working with us right now. So we are ahead in securing volume. We're also ahead in securing the value that we wanted to get for this offering, and that's also coming in a bit better. We're not going to provide details on exactly what the volume percent of that is. But I can tell you were well at pace in selling out that facility, which is really exciting for us. So overall, I'd say it's really, really encouraging.
Vincent Andrews: Excellent. If I could just ask you a follow-up question on pricing in the overall portfolio just given all the raw material inflation that's out there, I think historically, sometimes you've talked about when there's been inflation that's -- you view as temporary, you don't look to pass it all through. How are you sort of -- how do you view the current inflation across your product lines? And what is the pricing philosophy going to be for 2021 related to that?
Mark Costa: Thanks, Vincent, for that question. Obviously, pricing is a very hot topic these days with a material increase in raw material and distribution costs. And we've talked about this a number of times in the past. And I'm going to revisit just what our philosophy is around pricing and value management and then talk a bit about how we view it relative to the journey we've been on since '18. First and foremost, in the specialty business, you focus on how you get the best value for your products and selling the value of the products more so than raw material dynamics. And our strategy is completely centered on innovation and driving significant mix upgrade and growth in high-value markets that significantly improve our margins through that mix. So if you're going to do that, and you think about a lot of the markets that we're in where we have the same set of customers for decades, you have to have a strong relationship with those customers through the years if you want to continue to innovate with them and help them succeed and win and grow the market. So that factors into your pricing strategy. And so, we want to have stability for us in our spreads and as much as possible for our customers in pricing with the dynamics of raw materials. So as we do that, we want to share some of the value when raw materials go down, and we want to recover prices when raw materials go up. From a multiyear point of view, I think we've done an excellent job in managing price. If you go back to 2018, as a reference point, that was a very strong raw material environment, in fact, stronger so far than this year when we look at year-over-year increase and what we expect. And we're able to maintain price increases and maintain stable spreads relative to '17, the back half of that year. And that was the strongest earnings year we had until this year. So good reference point. So '19 and '20 with the impact of COVID and before that, the China trade war, we saw a pretty significant drop in volume and mix, it also led to drop in raw material prices and shared some of that with customers, but we still expanded spreads to offset some of that volume and mix headwind that we had. And as we go into '20, our expectations are that -- and as we're increasing prices, beginning in the first quarter, more so in the second quarter, and we'll continue to do in the back half of the year, we'll get our spreads for the year in the specialties, working towards the 2018 levels, including the headwinds that we have in tires, adhesives and fibers. So making good progress in improving spreads to offset some of those headwinds and getting back towards that '18 level, so that, I think, is a great story and one that you want to do because the story for us on the specialties is volume and mix improvement is really significant. You saw it in the first quarter, and you're going to continue to see it through the rest of the year. Another thing to keep in mind as you're trying to compare our pricing relative to peers is we put mix in volume, where most of our peers put mix in price. So just to give you an example, if you looked at the Q1 in Advanced Materials, if I moved mix over into price like our peers have it, we'd be up 10% in price and up 5% in volume. So just giving you an idea of the significance of mix in our strategy, which we've been explaining and talking about since 2014, is the secret to our success in leveraging the best returns from our assets. Another way you can look at it, of course, is also at EBIT margins where you can look at first quarter EBIT margins and AM improving 370 basis points in this story. AM has doubled -- more than doubled their EBITDA margins when you look at where we expect to be this year, and full company margins, I'd also mention, are probably -- are expected to be equal to or greater than 2018. So we're very confident about our ability to maintain and manage pricing. Obviously, CI is going to have much better spreads in the current market conditions to add to the story. And CI also provides a nice balance to the specialty. So as prices are catching up and the specialties, the CI spreads expand, and that sort of balances each other out. So I think it's a good story. And as always, we're focused on innovation.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Mike Sison from Wells Fargo.
Mike Sison: Hey, guys, nice start to the year. Mark, when you take a look at your outlook for 2021, the $825 million to $875 million, what do you think drives the sort of low end and the high end? And how much of that delta is within your control?
Mark Costa: Sure. So I mean, first of all, it's obviously a pretty significant improvement in our outlook today from where we were in January. And Mike, that's really driven by a material improvement in the volume and mix growth that we're seeing -- saw in the first quarter, but the momentum we're seeing going into this quarter and into the back end of the year. So volume mix is, as I said just a moment ago, the sort of heart of our strategy and will continue to be how we improve earnings this year. So that's the biggest driver. Obviously, we have tight underlying markets in the Chemical Intermediates businesses that's providing that spread expansion I just mentioned to offset some of the lag and our prices catching up in some of the other products. So one of the uncertainties, obviously, is where the spreads in CI go. On the cost front, we feel very confident about it. It's getting our costs out. The operational transformation program is doing a great job of offsetting the return of short-term actions we took last year. And remember, that's over a $200 million program that doesn't just help this year, but also will help going into '22, so we feel good about that. Or you can look at relative to last year, the $100 million utilization tailwind that we have from '20 into '21. I'm feeling very confident about that. So lower-cost structure relative to '18 and utilization tailwind relative to '20, so all of that has continued to be in place. So it's really about volume mix getting better, about spreads being better and then trying to guess, frankly, at how spreads in CI may moderate in the back half of the year. We're assuming some moderation as some of the tightness that we're seeing at some point will go to more normal balanced market conditions. A little hard to call that, and that's one of the drivers of the uncertainty, along with the macroeconomic recovery we all face with COVID and all the other uncertainties that are always out there.
Mike Sison: Got it. And given that your earnings outlook is much stronger, your free cash flow as well stronger. Any update on what you want to use your balance sheet for going forward, given the outlook does look a better?
William McLain: No, Mike, thanks for the question. We agree that with the outlook improving and increasing to approaching $1.1 billion, what I would say is, as we think about capital allocation in '21, we're still, I'll call it, unchanged in our priorities. So one starts with a strong dividend, which is an increase for 11 years, and we expect that to continue. Also, we expect to continue to reduce approximately $300 million of debt. And the balance will be used for the bolt-on acquisitions and share repurchases. We announced the attractive animal nutrition bolt-on and use strategic cash of about $70 million there. And we expect to repurchase approximately $350 million of shares in the full year. Also, we'll be remaining disciplined as we go forward. But as we think about also getting our debt to EBITDA in line with our targets, that increases our flexibility as we go forward into '22.
Operator: We will now take our next question from P.J. Juvekar from Citi. Please go ahead.
P.J. Juvekar: Yes. Hi, Mark. Good morning, Willie. It feels like you guys are ahead in molecular recycling compared to your competitors who are working in polyethylene. I guess Eastman Kodak had some great technologies, and then congrats on your Barron's ranking as well. I guess how much -- my question is, how much is the conversion cost for a new PET lower than regular PET? And I know it's a long ramp-up and you've got to get customer qualifications and all that, but if you take a long-term view, Mark, let's say, by 2030, how much PET could you replace with recycled, molecular recycled PET? Just any guess could be helpful.
Mark Costa: Sure. So as is I said, we're really excited about methanolysis and where we think it can take us. And we are trying to be a leader to demonstrate that the plastic waste crisis can be solved within plastic. Plastic is in many applications, by far, the best product for the market. It has the lowest carbon footprint versus alternative materials whether it's glass, paper, aluminum, in many cases. So we want to keep plastic being the best solution for climate by far. And -- but we got address the waste crisis. So we do have to have a way of scaled up, and I think we're demonstrating how to do that. It's important to remember that we're upscaling plastic waste into durable applications. We're not trying to sort of defend a large single-use plastic business and what we're doing. So that allows us to get a lot of incremental growth in durables at high values as well as better margins. And so, we haven't been focused in this first investment on really leaning in on the PET business. From a cost point of view, to answer to your question, the costs are modestly higher than PET or co-polyesters today at oil prices around where they are today. If oil prices go up, that equation changes on a relative cost basis. And what we see is a real detachment now from this business from the sort of fuel stock market, right? When you look at PET trading at 60%, 80% premiums to -- in our PET relative to fossil fuel PET in Europe, you know that there's a completely different economic proposition going on around recycled PET or recycled specialty polyesters that we're making. But we do think there's a significant opportunity to scale this up. And in fact, we don't just have customers calling us around wanting our specialty products for what we can do with recycled content. We also have customers talking to us about how we could significantly scale up and make PET for their needs around packaging. We have customers calling us. We have peers calling us. We have governments calling us and asking us, can you sort of work with us to solve this problem. And so we're engaging in those conversations and trying to figure out which set of those opportunities makes the most sense for us. I want to be very clear for everyone who's listening, we are not getting back into the normal PET business that we got out of it in 2011. We're staying out of it. So if we choose to get back, it's going to be more of an airgas model on how we engage with solving this problem and scaling up, which means that we'll provide technology, construction, operations, feedstock sourcing. And as we build multiple plants, we'll have all the operational technical know-how that gives us an advantage in how we can do all that for our potential partners. We will have long-term contracts to secure all the demand that -- where we will not take market volatility risk relative to feedstock prices. And both from a capital allocation point of view, we'll likely be more of an equity participation in partnerships as opposed to putting this entirely on our balance sheet. So very different model, more like air gas, and we'll see how those conversations go. I think the need is there. Lots of people are making very significant commitments. In Europe, they're facing very significant taxes. And to your first point, we are moving faster probably than many others because we did practice methanolysis for a very long time as part of Kodak. And so we have a lot of technical and operational expertise that's allowing us to move very quickly in how we build this up and have a robust capability with a wide set of feedstocks.
P.J. Juvekar: Great to hear. And then coming back to more nitty-gritty, on CI, as I understood after the Texas freeze, as ethylene and other commodities spiked, propylene prices collapsed by 50% because I think refinery started up before the polypropylene plant started up. And so I guess it's hard to understand from outside, but I would have expected a benefit from lower refinery grade propylene for you and higher propylene derivative prices. But can you just explain what happened with the propylene chain? And what was the benefit? Or why do you see we see more?
Mark Costa: Yes, sure. P.J., so first of all, we don't sell propylene, right? We sell derivatives from propylene as you just noted. And so, we saw very strong pricing momentum before you were hit in all of our grids because the market conditions were tight. Obviously, you remade the markets even tighter. And as a result, those derivative prices have held up quite well, and they're going to continue to increase, increase in a pretty significant way into the second quarter. You have to remember that most of our propylene is made from propane that we buy, RGP being converted into propylene and some supply agreements that are propane based in their pricing, not propylene based. So we're not buying a lot of merchant propylene in our total feed mix. So -- and the spreads are good and attractive. The driver markets continue to remain tight. And we think we're going to have a very good second quarter. It's also important to note at the segment level, when you're trying to interpret these results in CI, there's more than olefins in this segment. So 25% of our revenue is actually functional amines, which has had a tremendous and very steady track record of improving earnings from '18 through to now and is on to a great track. And the vast majority of that business is on cost pass-through contracts. Same is true with a number of our acetic and hydro customers. And so our strategy is to have stable earnings in CI, not to have really volatile ones as we're trying to be more of a specialty company, more predictable in our earnings and cash flow. That gave us stability in '19 and '20 relative to '18. And it's going to give us stability this year, but we're not going to be popping up on spot prices as much as some others.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Jeff Zekauskas from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas: In describing the dynamics in your Advanced Materials business, you talked about raw material inflation, and you pointed to VAM. I would think that you would be pretty integrated in your Advanced Materials business. How much pressure is there from higher raw material costs? And what are the raw material costs that are really lifting there?
Mark Costa: So, Jeff, thanks for the question. We are very focused on the value of vertical integration. As you just noted, it creates a lot of stability for us. So in our polyester chains, ethyl chains and olefin chains, that's, for the most part, a way we provide significant reliability to our customers that compare it to some of our competitors. And through the first quarter, I received a number of calls from a very important large customers thanking us for our demonstrated reliability that they deeply appreciated and how well we got through the storm and supplied them. But the one place that we're not vertically integrated is from acetyl to our interlayers. We don't make VAM and rely on market suppliers for VAM. So the shortages that we saw, there has created a constraint for us in interlayers. It is specific to the interlayer business. But we were already having sort of supply problems with some acetyl unreliability in the fourth quarter. Then the number of plants were down about three weeks ahead of the storm due to unplanned outages. So the market was already tight, then Uri took about 25% of global VAM market offline. And while they're back operational, they're not near full rates. So it's really created a pretty significant global VAM shortage, as you know. And prices are high, and the volumes are forcing us to cut back on how much interlayers we can make here in the second quarter. So that's the one place out of our total portfolio where I have a supply-related problem, and it is for a lack of vertical integration. But we're getting through it. The teams have done a phenomenal job of sourcing VAM from all places around the world, overcoming incredibly complex logistics, which is going to help us resolve this here pretty quickly. And it will help us not just now but how to have a better diverse supply base in the future.
Jeff Zekauskas: I know that Eastman wants to divest various business in the AFP segment. Can you describe what the magnitude is of what you want to sell? And will it be a dilutive transaction when you sell it?
William McLain: Yes. Jeff, this is Willie. So thanks for the question. As we have previously said, we've been actively looking at all options for the underperforming businesses and adhesives and tires. We% continue to be disciplined, and we're making progress on the restructuring activities to improve these businesses. And we've actually seen strong volume improvements from both market recovery as well as innovation gains with customer wins. But as you think about the overall size of these businesses on an EBITDA basis, it's going to be less than 10% for the two businesses that we're talking about.
Jeff Zekauskas: And it will be dilutive when you sell it?
William McLain: No. As we think about I'll call it, the value of the businesses and the underlying EBITDA and the optionality that we have there that it will be I'll call it, net neutral on an EPS basis.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Frank Mitsch from Fermium Research. Please go ahead.
Frank Mitsch: And let me echo the nice start to the year. And if I could just follow-up on that last question, really. Are we looking at some action here in the first half of '21? Would you put it in that sort of time frame in terms of a divestiture?
William McLain: Frank, what I would say is we're not going to comment on ongoing processes as we're looking at continuing to improve these businesses, and we'll give you an update when it's appropriate.
Frank Mitsch: Okay. Sure. And obviously, very impressive growth in the Performance Films area and Advanced Materials overall and I think you said 15% volume growth. Some of that was due, I guess, to the Asia -- the easy comp relative to Asia. Can you talk about how that business is trending on a geographic basis and expectations here in the second quarter?
Mark Costa: Sure, Frank, and good to here from you. The recovery of AM was substantial, and a good part of that was Asia coming back to life. So if you go back to 2020, and looked at our performance relative to '19, we had very strong performance in AFP and CI, and we actually had 15% growth overall for the Company relative to '19, which is a bit unusual relative to others in the marketplace. So we were going against a really tough comp. But AM was one place that did face challenges in Asia. Supply chain and interlayers is really short, as an example, and as well as buying films on cars. So that led to some of the spike up. Demand trending-wise, though, has held up really well, so well, Asia recovery. And we had growth in North America and Europe as well in the quarter. What I'd say is, Asia is less of a source of growth for AM and for the Company in the second quarter. In the second quarter, the big driver of growth is North America as you might expect where the economy here is starting to recover quite well. And China had already started to recover a year ago in the second quarter. So as you follow COVID recovery around the world, just sort of our revenue sort of follows that trend. And Europe is still lagging and expect it to be better as we move into the back half of the year. So -- but the overall momentum is good. Demand is incredibly strong in our specialty plastics business across a number of products, Tritan, but not just Tritan, our copolyesters as well. But Tritan, in particular, is just dramatically better, driven by the normal value proposition we have, better performance in BPA free, but the circular economy is adding to a lot of growth for us and engagement with customers, so much so that we were planning on converting a copolyester line to try them two years from now. And we're now having to pull that conversion forward to now and getting it done by -- at the end of this quarter to be able to serve the trade growth and demand that is so strong. So that's going really well. And then Performance Films, back to your original question around that. That's a great story, right? We're winning on three dimensions. We've got the best product portfolio and performance, especially with our Gen 3 paint protection film that's dramatically better than our competition. We have a great channel strategy to grow through dealers and aftermarket. And we've rolled out a new software system for patterning, the installation of PPF on cars, which is incredibly important and better than our competitors, which helps them quickly install and precisely install the product. And we have the best dealer network around the world and have put a lot of effort into making that dealer network better. So that business is going to have a great year. It was an incredible first quarter. A little bit of that was some restocking of inventory in China, but we expect the momentum for the rest of the year to be strong on all three segments, especially when we get back past this supply constraint in interlayers and have more capacity for trying.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Duffy Fischer from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Patrick Fischer: First question is just around the acetyls chain. Obviously, your Dallas competitor had a great quarter, looking at a great year in that space. Your footprint is different. Can you talk about your strategic footprint in acetyls? Do you need to back integrate more into VAM over time? And then what are some of the other acetyl derivatives? And how much are they offsetting the hit from the VAM side if you look outside of tow on some of your other downstream derivatives, if you could kind of just net out the acetyls chain for us this year.
Mark Costa: Yes. Sure. So trying to do comparisons of our steel business to our friends in Dallas is not a very good exercise because their business is just entirely different than ours. So they're extremely large player in acetic acid, and then they go forward into VAM and emulsions that obviously are enjoying exceptionally tight market conditions and high prices right now. We don't make -- we make a DC and hydride is what we make off of our stream that goes into cellulosic products as well as a variety of other acetyl or polyester products or olefin products where there's an acetyl component, but we don't go into that VAM emotion business at all. So if you want to look at our total integrated acetyl stream, including all the specialties that we make in Advanced Materials and AFP and fibers, the margins that we have and the stability of those margins is extremely attractive, but if you want to just look at in isolation and what we do in CI, which is silicon hydride that isn't being used for making specialties. We're selling the co-product of acetic acid for when we make cellulosics. That business is limited to those market conditions. And those market conditions are not as attractive. We do lock out in sort of stable cost passer contracts and high drive and that gives us nice stable earnings, but it doesn't allow us to have big pops or drops in that profitability from year-to-year. So it's totally different. So from a vertical integration point of view, the place where we're not vertically integrated is when we bought Solutia and picked up the interlayers business that buys VAM and PVOH as the raw materials. We didn't forward integrate into making those raw materials because our strategy is to deploy capital predominantly in our specialties. But it is very frustrating right now when we're being shorted on those products and paying very high prices for them. As we're trying to keep our auto customer or glass customers in the auto OEM supply.
Patrick Fischer: Perfect. And then maybe just one since it got highlighted with the acquisition around animal health. Can you size your animal health business as it sits going forward? And then where is your leverage both geographically and to different animals species, chicken versus hogs versus cattle? How should we think about that going forward?
Mark Costa: Willie will answer the first and I'll take the second.
William McLain: So you can think about it as roughly 10% of outages and functional products overall and looking forward to the accelerated growth that we believe that this acquisition will add.
Mark Costa: So, the trends in animal nutrition are pretty significant and really attractive. As most of you probably know, gut health and growth promotion in animals is obviously very, very important. Historically, we use antibiotics to do it. And most people want antibiotic-free meat and protein. And so there's a switch to organic assets. We have the broadest portfolio organic assets for this market area. But we don't do a lot of formulation of those products. So this acquisition, combined with investments we've been making over the last several years in our sort of formulation and application development capability can dramatically accelerate our ability to actually formulate more comprehensive solutions to these challenges and leverage that growth. And the formulations get significantly higher value than selling the assets by two to four times depending on the application. So it's a real classic mixed play for our strategy everywhere else in our company, of creating higher value formulations, capturing a lot more value for that solution to our customers. And this acquisition brings in a lot of capability and a nice existing marketplace in Spain of products that we can then take around the globe given our broader commercial footprint. So there's a huge upside just on our global sales capability relative to their focus on Spain.
Operator: We will now take our next question from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
David Begleiter: Mark, in Advanced Materials, given the further step-up in margins this quarter, can you discuss the margin profile of this business going forward, both through '21 as well as beyond?
Mark Costa: David, great to here from you, and thanks for the question, so I think the margin profile for Advanced Materials speaks for itself if you want to look at the last decade, right? Just dramatic improvement, we said this, I remember having these conversations back in 2010, '11, where we made a lot of investments in asset capability and application development capability, but we added a lot of fixed cost, built Tritan. And we said, look, when this starts to sell and grow, the fixed cost leverage is going to be incredibly impressive. If you go back to the 2018 Innovation Day presentation of materials, we laid it all out for you on how fixed cost leverage works in this business. So in that sense, I think as we look at the margins this year, which will be quite attractive. And as we go forward, we think these margins will continue to improve. Now they're not going to improve like they did from '20 to '21, obviously, because we took such a hit on asset utilization, especially in Advanced Materials as we're pulling inventory down in interlayers and performance films. You have to remember, specialty plastics actually grew earnings last year relative to '19. So they provided nice stability relative to the auto exposure we had in interlayers and PF. But as we continue to grow the circular economy, which is a value up and better margins, as we continue to grow products like Tritan and everything else, whether it's the paint protection films or pretty much anything in performance films has very attractive margins. The acoustics, heads-up display interlayers, very attractive. Electronic vehicles are another big lever for us where we see significant upside. So it turns out to need a lot more glass than an EV. When you put batteries that our need people, the head goes up into the ceiling of the car because you don't want to raise the roof hike because of Aerodynamics. And so what they're doing is making windshield bigger and putting on bigger sun roofs to not make the cabin claustrophobic. So we're getting a lot more real estate of the car in glass with every EV. And then they have much higher functionality requirements in that space. So they want better acoustics. When you don't have the engine noise, which is sort of white noise, you now have more other noises that people focus on, they're more sensitive to, and you actually have to not just have more acoustic, but you have to be able to have the capability to tune it to different frequency bands. They still want heads-up display for safety reasons. They want more color that they're using in parts of the windows as part of how they're adding more glass. And they want solar rejection to reduce air conditioning load. So all these functionalities in, it takes tremendous technical sophistication to put all that functionality into 1 interlayer. And we're the world leader in how to do that. And so when we look at EVS, it's probably two to three times more value per car that we're capturing. And we already have some great adoption on some of these products with a very significant leader in this space. And we expect that to continue across all the brands. So we see volumes growing, mix growing, cost being controlled, spreads being managed, as I discussed earlier. And so the earnings growth will improve and the margins will incrementally improve year-to-year.
David Begleiter: Sounds very good. And just on M&A, can you both size the three up acquisition and discuss the rest of the M&A pipeline that you're seeing today?
William McLain: So David, this is Willie. Again, the size on the 3F was roughly $70 million in acquisition price. And we paid high single digits off from a multiple perspective. Obviously, as we continue to look, we're focused on the organic growth and the investments there to ensure that we have the capacity as we go forward. But we're also looking at how do we accelerate that. And as we think about the additional flexibility that we'll have going into '22, we're filling up our pipeline of potential targets to accelerate that growth as we think about creating more value than just buying back shares.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Alex Yefremov from KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Alex Yefremov: Mark, you spoke about good demand for methanolysis-based polymers. At what point could you start thinking about additional investments in capacity? Would you have to, you think, turn on and run your initial capacity, your initial plan? Or could you think about expansions sometime earlier if demand continues to be so strong?
Mark Costa: I'm sorry. I was just a little bit hard to hear your questions. So I'm going to repeat it back to make sure I got it correctly. So are you saying what capacity would we need beyond the first 100,000 ton methanolysis plant? And when would we have that?
Alex Yefremov: I'm sorry, Mark. Let me repeat this. Demand for methanolysis-based products is strong. So at what point would you start thinking about additional expansions? Or can you possibly start thinking about additional expansion of capacity? Do you think you have to start-up the plant first and see how it works? Or if demand is strong enough, could you think about expansions maybe sometime in the next 12 months or so?
Mark Costa: Yes. So we're not going to wait to start this plant up before we start, building another plant necessarily. I mean it will depend on the demand we see for our products internally. And it will depend on this partnership conversation. I mentioned earlier about how we're talking to people about building additional plants around the world that would be focused more on PET than our specialty plastics, but we could take a stream of that output and use it for specialty plastics if we wanted to. But for sure, if you ask me where are we going to be 5, 10 years from now, our goal, as we said in the sustainability report last December, is to make all of our cellulosic plastics and our polyesters from plastic waste. That's our long-term goal. So we're not stopping at this first plant. And we're -- and what we're seeing so far gives us great confidence that, that vision is possible. It's a very attractive return for shareholders. We get better margins. We get to accelerate growth of our highest value products, and it's just a great story. So yes, I expect we'll be building more than this plant. But we're focused on doing this plant well first and having success in filling it up and seeing if this alternative business model is something that's going to work with customers and partners. I would also note that, that's not our only sustainability play. We've been the original biopolymer company, right? We've been making cellulose acetate for over 100 years and brought it into a wide range of products. So it's a sustainable biopolymer. It's biodegradable in a lot of applications. And now we have a very unique capability on the planet to add recycle content to the other half of that polymer, right? So half of it is made from certified and sustainable forest, the other half today is obviously made from fossil fuels in acetic and hydride to make those cellulosic products. As we add recycled content to the other half of it, it's an extremely compelling polymer compared to anything else on the market because it's biopolymer, it's biodegradable, and it has recycled content in it. And based on a wide spectrum of waste plastic, including our ability to take back products from our customers like textiles, right? So now it's just been a phenomenal growth story for us this year and especially in how fast it's recovered in the first quarter. And it's just got a great story as a biopolymer that's led to a lot of success, and now we're adding the renew recycled content part of it to the story. And we expect just a tremendous amount of growth of that. And there's a bunch of cellulosic plastics and advanced materials that we see in the durable space. And we also think there's probably significant upside in the single-use plastics space as well. And that's a very early stage. So that's a whole another dimension of growth at better margins, higher value, great asset leverage to our existing capacity because there, we don't have to add capital, it's just leveraging existing capability and capacity.
Alex Yefremov: Mark, as a follow-up, you were talking about $100 million full year benefit of higher-capacity utilization. Where do you think relative to that annualized target you stood in the first quarter? Do you think if we sort of -- as we ramp volume through the year, there's more? Or it fully reflected that benefit as of Q1?
William McLain: Yes. This is Willie. And what I would highlight is we expect to see a tremendous amount of the year-over-year utilization benefits in Q2 and Q3 as a reminder. So obviously, here in the first quarter, we've had a hard time building inventories, which means we're running at high rates, but the low rate utilization that we had in 2020 or substantially in Q2 and Q3. We're also looking at how we expand, and we're making higher investments this year to ensure that we can capture not only the existing demand, but the future demand, including expanding our interlayers facilities this year. We're bringing on amines capacity as well here in Q2 during the shutdown. And as Mark has already highlighted, converting a polymer unit ahead of schedule on Tritan, so -- and we -- additionally, we get roughly 2% to 3% capacity creep. So you'll get the cost benefits in Q2, Q3, but more importantly, it's about the mix upgrade and the continued growth that we're focused on and deploying the capital to do that.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Bob Koort from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Bob Koort: Mark, I wanted to if you could help me figure out how the how you guys are keeping costs flat. I know your headcount hasn't changed, and I would assume there's some creeping back in from last year. You've got some expansionary efforts and new programs in place? How are you doing that?
William McLain: So Bob, this is Willie. What I would tell you is we've been doing a great job of managing our overall cost structure across the Company. And our teams are delivering, and it's showing up in our performance, whether it's EBIT, our EBIT margins, cash flow and EPS. So as we think about what we've delivered, we ultimately started our COVID action plans at the end of Q1 last year, and then we accelerated transformational efforts towards the back end. As we came around here into Q1, we benefited from those cost actions year-over-year. I would point out, as you think about also our SG&A line, you probably see that going up a little bit. And as I highlighted, I believe, last year, the fact that we had some market-based comp, specifically deferred comp that was benefit last year that's not repeating this year just due to the financial market decline. But we're well set up and focused. So that was variable margins that we talked about last year fall through to the bottom line. Obviously, there'll be a little bit of denominator math just due to the price inflations that we're dealing with.
Mark Costa: Yes. Bob, overall headcount is down. So between the assets we shut down around the world as well as some headcount optimization that we've done last year, the headcount is actually down. I'm not sure where you got the -- it's flat part.
Bob Koort: I was looking at the 10-K. Maybe I just misread it. Mark, I did want to ask, it's been a long time since you did a blockbuster deal. And it appears that you're starting to get the traction on the EBITDA run rate, the earnings run rate. You have enough stuff on the organic plate to keep you busy and excited? Or do we start to put on the radar screen, maybe it's -- you deserve the right to do something big again?
Mark Costa: So first of all, we love our portfolio and the innovation that we have in front of us, Bob, and it's producing very attractive earnings and exceptionally attractive cash flow. And we see a lot of innovation, positioning us to continue growth into '22. We also like the markets that we're in, and we still think there's market recovery in front of us in '22 and beyond in things like aviation, automotive. So the volume mix story, I think, will continue. The balance sheet is obviously getting stronger. And we're going to have tailwinds next year as we go into that year with cost reductions, so all of that feels good. And our balance sheet is getting into better shape. Our strategy continues to be focused on what can we do organically, what bolt-on M&As make a lot of sense to add to what we're trying to do and buy back stock with the remainder of the cash. So that's our strategy now, and that's what we're going to stay focused on doing.
Operator: We will now take our next question from John Roberts from UBS. Please go ahead.
John Roberts: And I'll ask just one here. Mark, methanolysis has overshadowed the activity you're doing on processing waste plastic in the gasifier. Have you taken that as far as it can go? And can you help other gasify our operators process plastic waste?
Mark Costa: Yes. So we're really excited about what we're doing with the gasifier and changing it from gasifying coal to what's technically called reforming plastic. And so that plastic waste, we're just getting started, Bob. It's got huge growth potential. That's the speech I just gave a moment ago about biopolymers and all the opportunities we see to grow in specialty plastics as well as in textiles. So the great good news is it's incremental capital to continue adding plastic waste. And the great thing about the gasifier is that it can take any kind of plastic waste. Mixed plastic waste, which is great. It gives us a unique advantage in buying raw materials because we can buy a puddle of plastic and then separate out the polyester and put in the methanolysis and put the remainder into the gas fire, which gives us the ability to buy very low-cost feedstock that hasn't been into cleaned up. And we're really excited about that. So no, we see a tremendous amount of growth in that space, as excited about that as methanolysis and what we can do with our polymer capacity, and we have a lot of capacity to leverage. So no, it's going to be great. As far as working with other people, we're not focused on that right now. To your second part of the question, we're -- at the moment, we're really just trying to deal with all the inbounds on the methanolysis side that's taking a pull of our resources.
Operator: We will now take our last question from Laurence Alexander from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Laurence Alexander: Can we -- can you put the cost and productivity discussion in perspective in terms of over the next, say, three, five years? Would you be able to keep the cost structure roughly flat, barring any M&A? Or is there an adjustment period? And if you do so, what would you be sacrificing? Like what are you giving up in order to do that?
William McLain: Yes. Thanks, Laurence, for the question. As Mark sized said earlier, we started with a goal of delivering a flat cost structure in 2021, and that was on top of reducing our cost by roughly $150 million compared to '19. And as we look forward, we look to continue to grow that, and we see another $50-plus million over the next year plus. Also, what we're trying to do there, Laurence, is that frees up capacity as we create the incremental gains to continue to fund our growth without substantially growing our cost structure. So that's the way I would frame it at this point. And we continue to also look at leveraging assets and sites, et cetera, to continue to gain better fixed cost leverage where we have additional capabilities as we've highlighted previously.
Mark Costa: But to assure you, we're not making any compromise on our growth portfolio. I mean even in '18, I mean, in '19 and '20 when we could have easily cut on R&D and innovation, we kept on doubling down and investing in those spaces because we knew that's our future. We, frankly, did the same thing in '08, '09, which allowed us to come out of that crisis extremely well in '10, '11. So we're never going to compromise our long-term strategy, but we do think digital technologies and a variety of other things that are available to us today allow us to be much more efficient how we run our operations as well as get a lot of routine tasks done in the S.J. world to enable us to invest more in growth.
Greg Riddle: Thanks very much, everyone, for joining us today. A replay of the remarks plus the transcript will be posted on our website this afternoon. Hope you all have a nice day.
Mark Costa: Thanks, everyone. Appreciate the questions.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. And welcome to the Fourth Quarter Full Year 2020 Eastman Chemical Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman website, www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Greg Riddle: Okay. Thank you, Cecelia. And good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Willie McLain, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Jake LaRoe, Manager, Investor Relations. Yesterday after market closed, in addition to our fourth quarter and full year 2020 financial results news release and SEC 8-K filing, we posted slides and related prepared remarks in the Investors section of our website, www.eastman.com. Before we begin, Ill cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in our fourth quarter 2020 financial results news release, during this call, in the preceding slides and prepared remarks, and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for third quarter 2020 and the Form 10-K to be filed for full year 2020. Second, earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain non-core and unusual items. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded and adjusted items are available in the fourth quarter and full year 2020 financial results news release, which can be found on our website. With that, Ill turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Costa: Good morning, and thanks, Greg. Before we answer your questions, I want to take a few minutes to make some comments. Weve had a strong recovery in the fourth quarter and robust performance for the full year, despite the challenges associated with COVID-19. Im incredibly proud of how Eastman employees around the world responded to these challenges and stepped up to help us deliver in 2020. And here are some of the highlights. Early in the year, we took quick and decisive action to adjust our operations, to keep employees safe and preserve our operational integrity. We shifted our financial forecast for prioritizing cash and liquidity, given the uncertainties, and we delivered another year of outstanding cash flow, our fourth consecutive year of cash flow greater than $1 billion. While we prioritized cash, our earnings performance was resilient, which is a testament to the tremendous investments weve made in our innovation portfolio and our overall business portfolio, over the last decade, including enhancing our market development and commercial capabilities. Additionally, we demonstrated we have diverse portfolio of businesses and end markets, which gives us this ability. As you know, we are committed to being a leader in the circular economy, weve accelerated progress, and its paying off with several wins across our portfolio, including Eastman being named as a Wall Street Journal Most Sustainably Managed Company of 2020. In addition, in our 2020 sustainability report, we committed to the ambitious goals of reducing our scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions by one-third by 2030, and achieving carbon neutrality by 2050. Looking forward to 2021, we entered this year with momentum from our record fourth quarter results. And were seeing clear signs of recovery across many of our markets, including strong orders in January. That said, visibility remains limited due to continuing effects of COVID-19. This means that we will continue to focus on what we can control. In 2020, we meaningfully reduced capacity utilization as we aggressively managed inventory well beyond the decline in demand to maximize cash. As a result, EBIT declined by about $100 million, just related to this additional inventory actions we took. If volume is flat in 21 compared with 20, we would have about $100 million tailwind from this improved utilization as we go into this year, or about $0.60 a share. Looking at our cost structure, recall that we reduced costs by approximately $150 million in 2020 versus 2019. And we estimate about $100 million of this was temporary. We also took actions to accelerate our transformation program and were on track to reduce costs in 2021 to offset the return of those temporary costs. As a result, in 2021, we expect our cost structure to be about flat we compare it to 2020. On top-line growth, we expect growth from three levers. First, we anticipate market to continue to improve relative to 2020, as we have seen in Q4 and in January. Second, we continue to make progress with our innovation-driven growth model to grow faster than underlying markets in many of our specialty products. There are a number of examples of this across our portfolio in 2020 and we expect it to continue in 21. Third, we project a strong improvement in mix with recovery in these high value markets and the innovation-driven growth of our premium products. Significant portion of our headwinds in 2019 with the trade war, as well as 2020 with COVID-19 were related to mix. As growth in our specialty products accelerates in 21, improved mix will be a powerful driver of earnings growth. Weve already seen this benefit in Q4 of 20 and expect it to accelerate through 21. There are also headwinds including the lack of visibility related to COVID-19 and other global macroeconomic uncertainties. In addition, were seeing costs for raw materials, energy and logistics rising and have competitive pressures in a few products. When we put this together, we expect our 21 adjusted EPS will increase between 20% and 30%, compared to 2020. This means our expected 21 EPS will be well above 2019, which would further demonstrate the strength of our portfolio. We anticipate strong start to 2021 with adjusted EPS similar to the first quarter of 20. Youll recall, in the first quarter of 2020, our EPS was up 15% year-over-year, a very strong performance for our industry at that time. Finally on cash, a high priority for Eastman. We expect 21 to be our fifth consecutive year of free cash flow above $1 billion. A moment ago, I talked about our intention to be a leader in the circular economy. And as part of that commitment, today, were announcing along with Tennessee Governor, Bill Lee, our plan to build one of the worlds largest methanolysis facilities here in Kingsport. Through methanolysis, this world scale facility will convert waste plastic, polyester plastic that often ends up in landfill and waterways into durable products. Over the next few years, Eastman will invest approximately $250 million in facility which will support Eastmans commitment to addressing the global waste crisis and mitigating challenges created by climate change, while also creating value for shareholders. Using the Companys polyester renewal technologies, new facility will use 110 kmt of plastic waste to produce premium, high-quality, specialty plastics, made with recycled content. This will not only reduce the Companys use of fossil fuels feedstocks but also reduce our greenhouse gas emissions by 20% to 30%. This is incredibly exciting news and were only just beginning. Ill close where I began with appreciation for the men and women of Eastman that make all this happen and do with a bias for action, adaptability and optimism for the future. I share their optimism. This is an exciting time for Eastman. Our strengths have never been clear, and it gives me the confidence that we are well positioned to manage in this uncertain environment and deliver long-term attractive earnings growth and sustainable value creation for our owners and all of our stakeholders. With that, Ill turn it back to Greg.
Greg Riddle: Thank you, Mark. Cecelia, we are now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will now take our first question from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Mark, Im wondering if you could just talk a little bit about the molecular recycling plant. I cant pronounce, methyl, whatever it is. Just help us understand, its sounds like youre saying this is going to be the worlds largest. But, what is the scalability of these in terms of how much larger could it be? Where are you in terms of customer demand in terms of filling it out? And in the script you talked a little bit about there being clear evidence of willingness to pay price premiums for renewable products? How are you going to be pricing this product? Maybe we could just start there.
Mark Costa: Sure, Vincent. And its a methanolysis. So, its a technology thats been around for a long time, Kodak developed it decades ago, to recycle actually polyester X-ray material. And then, they learned and saw the opportunity to take municipal waste and broaden the operating capability of this technology back then. And its something that I actually wanted to start in 2010. We actually had the plans on the -- and developing the engineering of it at that time, but the market wasnt ready for it. Were really excited because the market is very much ready for it now. Climate, circularity, sustainability is obviously becoming an incredible priority around the world. Even with COVID its just become stronger, not less. And so we think were in a great position to be a leader here. When you think about the technology and the opportunity that it has from a market point of view, its tremendous around a wide range, specialty plastic businesses from hydration to consumer durables, to electronics, ophthalmic et cetera. So, a wide range of markets, a lot of customers are very interested in this as theyre making aggressive commitments to improve their recycled content. And so, theres just a lot of engagement. We have over 100 customer trials going on right now across a wide range of different applications. So, the ability to grow is there. Weve already seen great success in launch with CamelBak and Nalgene where they put in our recycled content into our Tritan Renew, and youll see a lot more announcements as we go through this quarter. So, the demand is there. From a value point of view as we showed you on the chart, retail products are commanding a premium for recycled content and sustainability. PET, food-grade PET is trading at a substantially higher premium in Europe, as people are trying to work towards their recycled content goals. And, I think customers recognize that there has to be some amount of premium that we have to achieve to make these kinds of investments to solve such a serious challenge we face around the world. Obviously, everyone wants to keep this as affordable as possible. And so, we dont expect our premiums to be significant, but, sufficient to give us an attractive return. But, our primary goal of getting return is on the growth in this business. And, were able to load this plant really fast is another advantage on the economic side, because, we can take a balance of slowly growing the specialty conversions like we do in any specialty product, but fill in the rest of the capacity with PET into the packaging market where theres strong demand, and then just keep on valuing that up over time. So, the economics here are quite attractive. So, a lot of different ways to sort of win in both existing applications, through premiums and accelerate growth, getting into new applications like electronics and automotive is some key examples. And, our scale and integration gives us a huge advantage in how we can do this. Weve got some significant advantages in how we can manage our feedstocks.
Vincent Andrews: Thanks. And just as a follow-up, $600 million of revenue, is that just sort of assuming from this plant, or is that assuming additional capacity down the road?
Mark Costa: Right. You asked about the scalability of this and additional plant. Sorry Vincent. So, to be clear, the $600 million in new business from innovation is for the total corporation of all of our products, not just methanolysis. When you think about methanolysis, we look at it as a standalone opportunity, both the polyester revenue, the polyester renewal technology and the carbon-neutral technology combined, we think is between a $500 million and a $1 billion revenue platform for the Company. Obviously, that doesnt happen in one year. It takes years to build that out. But, a very substantial platform, frankly, the biggest platform after -- with Tritan before this and this would be the two biggest platforms that we have. And, that doesnt include scalability. So, thats building plans to serve the demand that we think we can make with our specialty products. We also think this is scalable in partnerships with other people around the world, who are very interested in recycled content for their needs, and are pursuing a business model around how we scale this into multiple plants around the world, focused on doing the methanolysis. Its very scalable to build these plants and economic, and there is an advantage to having them in different regions. So, we think theres a whole another vector of growth on top of this. But, its early days, so I dont want to get ahead of ourselves on that.
Vincent Andrews: All right. Well, thank you very much. Sounds very exciting.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Jeff Zekauskas from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. My first question is, you talked about $100 million cost penalty from lower utilization, but wasnt the cost penalty $200 million? Why doesnt $200 million come back in 2021?
Willie McLain: So, Jeff, good morning. This is Willie. First, what we would highlight is, the $100 million that were highlighting as a tailwind is specifically related to the $300 million of inventory reduction actions that we took in 2020. And you can clearly see the impact of that in our cash flow. The other $100 million is we think about utilization versus volume mix, and you can combine those two together. So, fundamentally the lower utilization and volume mix net together with the other $100 million.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay. And in your methanolysis facility, why dont you just buy methanol? Why do you have to make methanol?
Mark Costa: Jeff, its not -- were not making methanol. So, I dont know where they came up with the name of the technology. But, what you basically do is, you take polyester waste and you use methanol and a modest amount of energy to convert that waste or unzip the polyester basically back into its intermediates as DMT, and EG and other monomers and purify. So, its actually an input, not an output to the process to depolymerize, the molecule. So, thats sort of how it works. And its far more energy efficient than the fossil fuel process. So, while it takes a bit of energy and methanol, its a lot less than sort of pulling oil out of the ground and all the steps to get it to being DMT and EG. So, were 20% to 30% better carbon footprint by doing this technology. And I think, thats an important thing we want to emphasize is, any technologies we do around recycling, we believe there are two fundamental goals you have to meet at the same time. We have a plastic waste crisis, we need to address it, and we shouldnt be wasting any of that carbon in the environment or letting it impact the environment. But, at the same time, we got to make sure our carbon footprint is better. Otherwise, were really not improving the overall environment. So, every technology were looking at has a better carbon footprint than the fossil fuel process. Thats true of methanolysis. Our CRT also, 20% to 50% better depending on the feedstock. So, were addressing both, our climate impact with process innovation as well as solving a waste crisis.
Jeff Zekauskas: So, youre buying the methanol, is that it?
Mark Costa: Well, we make our own methanol and buy some methanol. Its a mixed bag, as you know, from the broad portfolio of products we make.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question from John Roberts from UBS. Please go ahead.
John Roberts: Thank you. You talked about a 5% revenue headwind in chemical intermediates in 2021 from the changes that you made at the Singapore oxos facility. That seems really big. I didnt realize that facility maybe was as big as it was, or is it a significant shutdown or closure youve done there?
Mark Costa: Yes. Thanks, John. To your point, as weve made the decisions to, Ill call it, cease the operations at our Singapore site, fundamentally, it was based on the raw material positions that we have at that facility in Singapore. And roughly, it is a world-scale equivalent of an oxo facility. Its about a fifth the size of what we have in Longview, but still significant from a volume output. The key factor, as we think about 2021 and going forward is, overall, that will give us an opportunity to, Ill call it, continue to debottleneck our facilities in Texas where we have a much better cost position. And from a fixed cost structure standpoint, we expect to improve earnings by about $25 million on a go-forward basis.
Willie McLain: But, this is an action we want to take for a while. Its not a profitable position to be with our cost structure that we had in Singapore, but we had to wait until the contracts expired to be able to shut it down on the supply side. And so, while the volume is going to be down, the earnings are going to be meaningfully up around $20 million, $25 million net-net by taking this action. So, weve always warned you that CI has a lot of volume volatility to it because of shutdowns or just planned maintenance shutdowns or this. Its really dangerous to look at volumes in that section, you need to just focus on the earnings.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Matthew DeYoe from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Matthew DeYoe: Can you just speak a little bit to the confidence in securing feedstock for the methanolysis plant? U.S. garbage infrastructure isnt typically geared to moving product inland to Tennessee. So, how do you -- whats your workaround there?
Mark Costa: Sure. Its a great question. Its one of the strangest questions. When you think about the plastic waste crisis that I think everyone can agree needs to be addressed, and theres so much of it out there. And yet, one of the biggest challenges for any of these investments is actually getting it delivered to your site, which is very confusing, but a true challenge and a question. So, we have a lot of partnerships weve developed to supply us with waste. And we have some very unique advantages around how we can handle waste. Because the combination of the PRT using polyester and the CRT being able to use mixed plastic of a wide spectrum as we sort of repurpose our gas fire to reform plastic at the same site. We can actually take a very mixed plastic stream that no one else really can manage because we can take this very low cost and more readily available mix plastic that doesnt require much separation and do that separation very efficiently here in a unique process weve developed and feed that then separated streaming in these two assets. So, it allows us to access waste more readily and at a much lower cost because its lower value when it hasnt been separated. So thats one of the big pluses of the scale and integration that we benefit from here. Not to mention, our CapEx will be probably 10% less with some of the assets we used here. And so, I think thats important and a real advantage. It still takes a lot of work, and weve been devoting the last 18 months in securing a wide range of sources. The other long-term interesting opportunity thats going to come out of this, a lot of our customers, the big brands, both in textiles on the CRT as well as polyester on a variety of end markets, are very interested in a take back program, right? So, they want to truly have a circular loop where we go material to material. If they take back used products for them -- from their customers and can send it to us and then we can recycle it back into materials for their products. So, its a true absolute closed loop. And so, it will take a while for that to obviously develop. But, I think for a number of brands, its incredibly important. [Indiscernible] is a great example, where theyve been doing this for a while and fully endorsing molecular recycling as the only way they can actually close the loop. And youll see some number of other customers making similar announcements.
Matthew DeYoe: So, it sounds like -- I mean, a lot of the press release talked about the PRT side of things, but it sounds like you were also going to do the carbonation kind of gasification of the fiber or the waste stream as well directly into the gasifier. Did I read that correct, or is it really just for PRT that youre going to be pursuing?
Mark Costa: No, no, were commercial in both now. So, were doing both now. Weve just talked a lot about the CRT, which we call the carbon renewal technology. Basically, were changing our technology, if you will, from gasification to reforming when you go from sort of coal to waste plastic and replacing that coal with the waste plastic with a carbon footprint thats sort of 20% to 50% lower. So, its a very compelling technology. That goes into our textiles, our Naia fabrics that were growing quite strongly as well as into some thermoplastics in the specialty plastics business and a new growth opportunity we see in AFP around fumed insulation that would be cellulosic-based and very sustainable offering versus EPA. So, a lot of different applications in CRT going on at the same level, thats part of that $500 million to $1 billion platform combined with the PRT. So, a lot going on.
Operator: We will now take our next question from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
David Begleiter: Mark, on the 21 guidance, could you walk through the earnings bridge from 20 to 21? That would be helpful.
Mark Costa: Sure. And so, Id start with, as we said, what is it that we can control. Our fixed costs, as we said, are going to be neutral in 21 relative to 20. So, we took $150 million out that were sort of temporary cost actions through last year. Many of those costs are coming back, especially on the operations. Were running our plants incredibly hard as were trying to serve the demand that weve seen in the fourth quarter, and its increasing in January. So, that -- those costs are obviously coming back. But, theres still a lot of other costs of efficiency and structural costs or travel with COVID that is not going to come back, certainly not in the first quarter, but we would expect to start coming back through the year. So, cost relatively flat on the fixed basis. As Willie just mentioned in a prior answer, youve got this $100 million utilization tailwind just at 2020 volumes without volumes being greater than last year. I mean, thats about -- so put all that together, thats $0.60 a share in just the sort of cost utilization side of things before you get the volume growth. And then, weve got volume growth in three categories. The first just being market recovery as were seeing in the fourth quarter and January. And so, that is were presuming is going to continue through the rest of this year as the economy continues to recover and that COVIDs not going to have some big negative impact. The second is innovation, creating our own growth, right? So, a lot of growth that we had last year wasnt just what markets did, but how we created our own growth. We had phenomenal success in performance films in a very down auto market for the year, yet their revenue was basically flat for the year, where they had strong growth year-over-year in the fourth quarter. And so, thats a great example of innovation creating growth, great success in acoustics and heads-up display, creating growth in interlayers, Tritan delivering a lot of growth where specialty plastics actually grew earnings in total for 2020 over 2019. So, a lot of things going well on the innovation side and a lot of traction developing in AFP like animal nutrition. So, a lot of innovation. Its important to remember that both of the markets that are coming back are high-value mix, like automotive and as well as the innovation having much higher margins than segment average. So theres a huge mix upgrade impact that isnt just about 19 to 20, but it goes all the way back to 18 when you think about, first, we had a trade war that really hit some high-value markets for us and impacted earnings. Then, we piled on a pandemic, and we see us recovering back to 19 volumes and mix and hopefully better than that. So, that all helps. There are some headwinds. Obviously, aviation is not recovering as well this year. And so, thats still going to be probably a $30 million headwind in earnings relative to 19. And then, we expect raw materials to go up, and theres some lag always in the specialties in catching up to raws. And we have the competitive pressure weve called out in tires and adhesives and acetyls. So a variety of different things going on there. But, when you net it all out, its a very attractive recovery in earnings. I do want to emphasize though that 20%, 30% range is a genuine range. There is a lot of uncertainty. So, while its great to have growth in January, great to have the recovery in the fourth quarter, its January. Weve learned this lesson in 19 and 20 about what can happen through a year. And while we remain optimistic that these trends will continue, we really dont know the impact of COVID and how its going to impact the economies yet, this year. We certainly are seeing operational limitations about how demand is recovering, especially in logistics and getting products to our customers. So, thats limiting us a bit here, certainly in the first quarter. And so theres just those things and factors you have to keep in mind when you think about this range. And I think its reasonable to be a bit cautious as you start the year in this range, and we build the success through the year.
David Begleiter: Got it. And Willie, just on the free cash flow guidance, can you walk through some of the components there? I assume well see a fairly big build in working capital in 2021.
Willie McLain: Well, weve got a pretty simple bridge, David, for free cash flow, the 21 -- the 20. And actually, it doesnt include a big build on the working capital front. As I think through this, let me start at a high level, which is we expect cash earnings thats consistent with the 20% to 30% that Mark just walked you through. And also as business activity does pick up on the inventory front, we believe that we can offset that. And what I would highlight is, as part of our transformational efforts, were investing in advanced integrated business planning, processes to enable us to keep the DQO on the inventory side intact and maintain the gains that weve been able to accomplish. And also, we continue to have our programs in AR and accounts payable to offset and continue to make progress on that front. So, our base assumption is that working capital will be neutral in 2021, even in an economic environment that has momentum. On the capital front, we do expect in 2021 that CapEx will be $500 million to $525 million. So, at least $100 million to $125 million greater than prior year. And obviously, we expect to more than offset that with the cash earnings. So, all-in-all, weve I think developed a track record that demonstrates that we can maintain cash flows greater than $1 billion in basically about any environment. And our long-term focus is to continue to grow that and not just be at greater than $1 billion. But one, Id also like to recognize how the Eastman team stepped up in 2020 to deliver that $1.1 billion of free cash flow. It took everyone and it took focus, and the team delivered.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Kevin McCarthy from Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin McCarthy: Mark, I heard the comments regarding volume growth. You talked about market recovery and innovation, and it sounds like mix is going to be important as well. But, is there a way you can help us better understand the level of volume growth thats embedded in your EPS guidance, looks like in the pandemic year, went down 5%? How should we think about the high end and the low end, whether its an absolute level or relative to GDP or another macro metric? How would you have us process that?
Mark Costa: Kevin, from a KG point of view, I think you would think about our volume recoveries being similar to GDP and then you get some leverage from mix. So, as you look at this, youve got a variety of markets that are sort of still recovering relative to 20 that are going to have volumes up in a meaningful way, like transportation or autos to be specific, not aviation, even though aviation will be better this year, but not by much. So, youve got markets like that that are recovering. Textiles, we expect a very strong recovery. And so, those will continue to drive value. And those are all very high value relative to corporate average when it comes to variable margins. And then, youve got other markets that are not going to grow as fast because they were really strong last year, like packaging and some hygiene applications and care chemicals. We still see them probably growing as opposed going backward, but not by much, given the strength they had last year. So, you cant sort of trade all markets the same way, obviously, as we look at all these different parts of our portfolio. But, whats nice is the stability you get from this, right? So, these resilient markets that we were in provided a great stabilizer to the headwinds we saw in automotive last year, where our volume mix, as you noted, was only down 5%, which was quite good for our industry and quite stable because of all these different resilient end markets. And now, this year, youre going to sort of have the reverse of that of some of these high-value markets that were impacted last year are going to do much better. And these resilient markets are not going to be a big driver of growth. So, its hard to give you a specific number because a lot of it thats driving the earnings is mix versus KGs. I dont want to get into the breakdown of that.
Kevin McCarthy: Second question I had related to methanolysis. My understanding is that you can use different sorts of waste streams such as old PET bottle resin and maybe polyester from carpet and so on. And so, my question is what testing have you done already regarding the issue of variability of waste streams? And does it matter? In other words, if Im unzipping it, as you say, into ethylene glycol and DMT, is it the case that the output is entirely fungible and the variability is a nonissue, or do you have to go through customer approval processes, et cetera, as you implement the new process?
Mark Costa: Sure. So, let me sort of break this down into the operations part and then, as you just said, the customer qualification part. So, the technology methanolysis is a pretty robust technology. And methanolysis as a process is not exactly novel. But, when Kodak developed this process a long time ago, as I mentioned, when they switched from using a very consistent stream of polyester X-ray films to municipal waste, they discovered that it is challenging to manage a diverse waste stream that also can vary day-to-day, based on the mix of plastic youre getting in there. And whats great about this technology is it does not compete with mechanical recycling, right? So, mechanical recycling, where you can do it, is a better answer. It has a very low carbon footprint, but its restricted to only using very clean feedstock. And most of what they do very clean and clear feedstock from bottles is really what they can handle. And even then they have problems with limitations to some degree on performance and the polymer degrades over time. So, theres a limitation to how long you can mechanically recycle plastic, period. So, molecular cycling like methanolysis is essential as a complement to mechanical with the feed -- with the raw material to plastic that they cannot use. It ends up in landfill and giving infinite life to plastic because we can constantly recycle this plastic with no degradation. So, the key, though, is you have to have a lot of operating experience on how to manage this process. And its not the methanolysis stuff thats hard. Its the purification stuff that you just got at, Kevin, that requires a lot of capability experience and a lot of trade secrets that weve developed over the years on how to do this to make sure that the intermediates that come out of the plant are purified and basically identical to the ones based on fossil fuel. So, when we get to making the polymer, the polymer is exactly the same. There is no profile or impurities that is an issue. And thats whats so great about customer qualification is that they dont have to -- they have to wrap their head around that its the same, and thats tough for them to buy into given the process. But, once we sort of walk them through the technical details, the great thing is they dont have to change molds or process conditions or anything else. They can just suddenly have recyclable content in their product because it is literally identical. It has the same quality, same performance, wont degrade over time in the recycle loop. So, thats whats so compelling about this technology is it really is a long-term infinite solution, much more similar to aluminum.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Mike Sison from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Mike Sison: Hey guys. Nice end of the year there. One quick follow-up on the methanolysis facility. Are you going to be able to brand it, like Tritan, meaning is there going to be a sort of a name or a labeling where a customer can sort of showcase that its used from recycling material, and if I wanted to go to Amazon or something and search for it, it would pop up?
Mark Costa: Yes, you can. Weve tried to keep our core product brand names and add a recycled name to it. So, Tritan Renew is actually the formal brand name, Mike. There will be Naia Renew in textiles and a series of other products. For cosmetic packaging, therell be Cristal Renew, et cetera. And those signify that theres recycled content in it. Nalgene and CamelBak are marketing it that way already. So, you can go look at those products. But yes, no, I think its important that we get some sort of identification of it. Every customer is different. Some customers -- a lot of customers switch to our product and dont declare what it is. So, it will be a mixed bag depending on how customers want to manage their marketing position on a shelf. We dont mandate a certain approach.
Mike Sison: Got it. And then, just in terms of Tritan overall, it does seem like the fundamental demand or growth rate for that business has gapped up over the last couple of years. Can you maybe give us a sense of what you think this business can grow over the next three to five years? And then when will you need to add some capacity to meet that growth?
Mark Costa: Yes. So, Tritan has been a phenomenal success story over a decade now, right? Its just a business that has continually delivered strong performance and growth in a wide range of applications. It started out with hydration, where we have these reusable water bottles replacing single-use plastics. So, one of the great things about our recycled content is its going into durable products predominantly. We got out of PET a long time ago. So, Im not trying to defend the PET business. Im actually taking single-use plastic, Im taking carpet, Im taking textiles, a very wide range of supply on the raw materials, and then turning them in to durable products predominantly. And so, it goes into a lot of consumer durable appliances, et cetera. Were now going into toys in a variety of different applications. So, its positioned in a lot of markets that already care about being BPA free and products being safe. As one of our drivers, the performance is far superior to the competing plastics and its durability and resilience and how it holds up over time. And now, we got recycled content that we can add in it. That just gives us one more level of differentiation. So, we have a long runway of very attractive growth in this business. For when we need to add more capacity, were still a couple of years out. You have to remember that in 18, we added a significant chunk of capacity in Tritan that were certainly making progress in filling out, but we still have a few years before we have to add more capacity.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Frank Mitsch from Fermium Research. Please go ahead.
Frank Mitsch: It always paves the way. Good morning folks. You called out the biggest source of upside for the fourth quarter came from transportation, ex aerospace. And obviously, youre continuing to see some issues on the tire additive side. So, I was wondering if you could offer a little more granularity on how that played out for you with your various products, how its starting out this year, and whats your expectations as we progress through 21?
Mark Costa: Youre talking about automotive, just to be clear?
Frank Mitsch: Correct, correct.
Mark Costa: Yes. So automotive, which Ill roll tires into as well, I mean, demand came back strongly across the automotive space, whether its our interlayers, performance films, logging in significant record earnings in the fourth quarter, or tires demand actually coming back quite strongly in the third and fourth quarter. So, demands come back across the board in that sector, as you can see from a lot of external reports. Were advantaged that a lot of our products go into the luxury market, especially in advanced materials. So, weve benefited from that market frankly holding up a bit better last year than the overall market did and how thats continuing to accelerate for us. And then, youve got accelerated growth with acoustics and heads-up display doing really well. Our new next-gen paint protection film and performance films doing incredibly well. A service channel strategy that allowed us to grow a lot of market share in China this year -- or I should say, in 20, I mean thats going to continue to provide growth. So, it is a real combination of market and innovation and service model thats driving a lot of that growth. And you know that the margins of these businesses are above segment average and above company average. So, you get a lot of mix lift when these things sort of come back. Weve been saying that the volume and mix hit that we took in 19 relative to 18 and 20 versus 19 has a mirror image when it starts coming back, and you start to see that in the fourth quarter, and well continue to see it now. I will note though that demand is exceptionally strong across the auto supply chain. And so, we are running into logistics constraints and capacity limits and serving all of it. So, were still happy to serve as much as we are. But, its a bit challenging out there on the logistics front right now for a lot of products.
Frank Mitsch: Got you. Very helpful. And if I could ask about ASP, it was really interesting to read about the Retinyl Sunflowerate, and I was wondering where I could get some of that at some point. I know Greg uses it because he looks fantastic.
Greg Riddle: I certainly need to.
Frank Mitsch: Where -- so you continue to call out a third of the business thats challenged. Where do you stand on the strategic review? And what your -- what do you think your ability is to execute something in 21?
Willie McLain: Thanks for the question, Frank. First, Id say that the pandemic has accelerated some of the issues that were facing in the one-third, particularly as we highlighted in the first half of the year in tire additives. Also, Id say the environment has made it more challenging to, Ill call it, complete some of the alternatives that were considering for the businesses. But were committed to addressing the performance. Weve announced that were shutting down one of the tire additives facilities. And you can expect us to continue to look at the footprint of tire additives, adhesives and also the contract structures within those businesses. And considering the types of actions that make sense, it could also include joint ventures and divestitures that weve highlighted in addition to just transforming within the Eastman portfolio. We continue to work on reducing the cost without sacrificing also some of the innovation. We continue to make progress in the transition to, Ill call it, the Crystex Cure Pro next generation. And were also very active here on all the options as we start 2021, and well update you when we make progress on that.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Bob Koort from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Bob Koort: Mark, I was hoping you could answer a question I get and fumble when my clients ask me, and that is, what does the trends in propylene and refinery grade propylene mean to your business from a profit or advantage or disadvantage standpoint relative to your competition?
Willie McLain: So, Bob, from what we see, demand is strong across many of the end markets. And I think also youre probably referencing what weve seen here in the near term of propylene, Ill call it, surging and increasing, I think it was roughly $0.12. Fundamentally, were happy to have propylene rising with -- driven by demand in some of the outages. Refineries are running at lower rates, and its unclear how long this is going to last. Also, some of the feedstocks have risen. But, spreads have moved back to more normal levels, but theyre not fully back to 2018 types of levels. Also, as we said in the past, were not in the olefins forecasting business. But again, the spreads that weve seen with our transition to RGP and PGP, those margins are very strong right now as well. The big spikes can be tricky for our chemical intermediates business to manage, but theyre reacting quickly to those market dynamics. And again, we see upside, at least in the olefin and derivative margins, compared to 2020.
Bob Koort: So, Willie, is the cliff notes then that if the raw material inflation is demand-based, then youre okay with that because it allows you to pass it through and more easily?
Willie McLain: Yes, thats correct, Bob.
Bob Koort: Got it. And then, Mark, Im sure its refreshing to not have to talk about olefins and those things and talk about next-generation technology. Is there any way -- I mean, look at the number of questions on the call about it. Is there any way to ring fence it and then put it into a SPAC at a sales multiple that drives your earnings multiples, conceptually, could you do it?
Mark Costa: We can just change our name to game stop. Not really, Bob. I mean, I think theres -- I think what were doing is dramatically changing the portfolio of this company to -- I know its a trend that everyones saying this right now, but genuinely be more of an ESG play. When you look at -- for the last decade, weve been launching a wide range of products that are sustainable and much better for the environment across our portfolio. And now, you add on the circular economy and what we can do and how we could scale this up through partnerships. I think, we can really pivot the nature of who we are and the significant improvements we can make in our carbon footprint and drive towards that 30% reduction in 2030 is a huge change in our footprint, not to mention where we want to all get by 2050. So, I think we are really repositioning the Company in a pretty significant way. But the whole value of what we can do thats so unique and so powerful in the circular economy is leveraging our integration of our site here in Tennessee. Weve talked a lot about scale and integration being a huge competitive advantage for us. And a lot of people have thought about that being cost. Ive always thought about that being about enabling innovation and growth. And heres another example where this vastly interconnected and complicated infrastructure that we have here is going to be key to differentiating us and doing something that very few other people can do at our economic efficiency. I mean, we can definitely do methanolysis around the world, but the way we can do it here is going to be uniquely advantaged relative to a standalone plant. Both are attractive. This is just really attractive, and the other ones are still going to be more attractive than the 15% ROIC. So no isolating it off in a SPAC, but feel free to buy Eastman as a great environmental play.
Bob Koort: Touch. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Aleksey Yefremov from KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Mark, if youre investing about $250 million of capital in this methanolysis project, your ROIC is about 15%, so lets say, 20% for the sake of the argument. So, does this mean this project could contribute somewhere north of $50 million of after-tax cash flow? Is this a fair math?
Willie McLain: No. Alex, this is Willie. And yes, your math is correct at the 20% level. So, to your point, were focused on...
Mark Costa: Yes. I would emphasize the ROIC in this one is unique compared to normal specialty investments because we can load the plant so fast. So the payback period is a lot faster for us in this one compared to normal where youre filling out a Tritan plan over time. Because we can baseload it with PET because we do still have some PET assets left that are dual purpose with our specialty plastics. And so, that gives us a lot of leverage in how we gain returns on the economics.
Aleksey Yefremov: So, 20% is not necessarily the limit here, is
Mark Costa: Well, we dont want to get into details. But, lets just leave it at that its a very attractive investment.
Aleksey Yefremov: And just as a follow-up, youre talking about using 250 million pounds of plastic waste by 2025, 500 million pounds by 2030. Should we think about this as a lower limit for growth that youre thinking about this business, or is it most likely scenario, or is this the upper limit? How high can it go within the next four years to nine years? And just a second part to this question, you were talking about $500 million to $1 billion in sales. Does this correspond to these two numbers, 250 million and 500 million?
Mark Costa: Yes. So, those are interconnected. So, the type of waste plastic were talking about getting to, if you think about the first methanolysis plant and what we think were going to do with the CRT, that is what drives us towards that platform, revenue value of the $500 million to $1 billion. If we partner with companies around the world to do additional plans, that would be additive to those numbers. And, as far as fill out rate goes, its a little hard to say. Were highly confident we can sell at the plant in a mix of specialties and packaging. But, the rate at which we can upgrade into the specialties -- were seeing huge customer engagement right now. So, were really excited. But, we still have a lot of work to do. I mean, the great thing, by the way, is we are using a sort of a high-cost approach to using our existing assets to make recycle content today, right? Thats why were commercial with CamelBak, Nalgene is we do have alternate process that were currently using. But, its more expensive and its limited capacity. So, its a way to, if you will, have a semi works to build market momentum adoption that allows us to really hit the ground running when methanolysis comes in line to lower our cost and significantly add our capacity. And the CRT, of course, is already being repurposed. Its a very low CapEx way to switch over to reforming plastic. So, that we just continue to scale up. We got delayed in our progress with our collapse in the textiles market. So, we just need to catch up now.
Operator: We will now take our next question from P.J. Juvekar from Citi. Please go ahead.
Eric Petrie: Its Eric Petrie on for P.J. You noted the methanolysis plant has capacity of 150,000 to 200,000 tons of polymer per year. Im assuming most of that will go into Tritan. So, at the fill out point, how much of your Tritan will be renewed versus traditional produce-based?
Mark Costa: First of all, its not all Tritan. So, Tritan, I think, will be one of the big success stories, but its not limited to that. So, we have a lot of copolyesters that go into cosmetic packaging, for example, that has a significant amount of value for that space who are very forward-leaning on the sustainability front, who are very interested in adopting recycled content. So, its across that. Theres even some shrink packaging that we may do. And so, theres a wide range of products in markets, but it will be a good portion of the Tritan mix, but were not going to call out a percentage right now.
Eric Petrie: Okay. And then, secondly, how did volumes for your specialty products grow in fourth quarter? And what was the comp for full year 20? Typically, those end markets grow 2 times underlying.
Mark Costa: Yes. So, the whole 2 times math gets a little confusing in a COVID crisis on how to actually measure it. But, what we -- weve seen -- youve seen tremendous growth and progress and success in the Advanced Materials division. And thats all the specialty products delivering that growth when you look at that volume and mix improvement. When you look at AFP, its really important to sort of separate out the two-thirds versus the one-third. Obviously, the two-thirds is a lot more stable, margins well above the segment average. And even with the aviation headwind of $30 million this year, we think earnings for the two-thirds will get back to and be slightly better than 2019. And so, that business -- coatings is demonstrating a lot of strong growth in market recovery. Care chemicals, water treatment, very strong. Our heat transfer fluid business has been very strong. So, we got a lot of great businesses doing well there. And that comment, by the way, both on earnings and strong growth goes back to 18. So, the stability of that segment and the margins are actually quite good, offset, of course, by what weve identified in the tires and adhesives where were taking some actions. But, overall, the portfolio on the volume side is actually holding up quite well.
Operator: We will now take a question from Arun Viswanathan from RBC Capital.
Arun Viswanathan: Congratulations on all the progress. Im just curious, Mark, you guys laid out an 8% to 12% EPS growth rate in the past. I know that 21, obviously, is going to be much above that because of the recovery. But, when you look long term and you add in the methanolysis gains, do you see a path to returning to that level structurally longer term or maybe even eclipsing that?
Mark Costa: Well, right now, were still focused on recovery and getting back to 18 levels, which I do think is a pathway we can see after we get through this year. I think were already on a strong track with what weve guided for this year. When you think about post recovery, lets say, and Im not going to try and predict when that is with COVID, we very much would expect to get back to that growth math that we described on at Innovation Day of that 8% to 12%. Obviously, circular economy helps that and drives growth. Obviously, weve had things that havent worked out as well as we had hoped like, tires and adhesive. So you got to sort of do all that net math, which were not doing at this stage. But we definitely see the set of activities, the great things that are happening in many parts of the portfolio, a few things that didnt work out as we had hoped, allows us to still get back to 18 and grow from there with that math.
Arun Viswanathan: And then, could you just remind us on the capital allocation side, when you expect to kind of maybe pivot more towards buybacks, if at all?
Willie McLain: Yes. So, as we think about capital allocation for 21, first and foremost, obviously, we grew our dividend for the 11th year in a row and expect to allocate about $375 million there. Also, weve got some debt coming due in Q4, and we would expect currently to pay that debt down, so, $300 million of debt reduction. And then also looking through with the remaining cash from a strategic standpoint, we would expect to allocate roughly $350 million between bolt-ons and share repurchases. Obviously, were going to be, Ill call it, cautious offsetting dilution here in the front half, and well see how the economy continues to pick up.
Mark Costa: And just to sort of wrap things up, one last thing I wanted to say was, I have a deep appreciation to my employees and our leaders throughout the world. The success we had in getting through 20 in a very stable manner compared to many in the industry and to emerge and grow like we intend to do this year is a testament to all the investments weve made in our capabilities. I mean, weve made a lot of investment in commercial capabilities, a lot of investments in improving our operational cost structure. Weve obviously dramatically changed our portfolio and improved its quality and depth of innovation and ability to create its own growth compared to the last recession we faced in 2009-2010. And were seeing the payoff of that in the stability we delivered last year and the strong free cash flow and actually quite good earnings, especially if you back out the $100 million of additional inventory actions, and feel great about how were positioned for this year. And so none of that would have happened without the dedication and effort even in the extreme situation of how we had to work in COVID to deliver this. So, thank you to all of my employees.
Greg Riddle: And with that, were going to say thank you very much for joining us this morning. And if you have questions, you can reach us through the day. Everybody, have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. That will conclude todays conference call. Thank you for your participation. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-30 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the Eastman Chemical Third Quarter 2020 Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman's website, www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory Riddle: Thank you, Maria and good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Willie McLain, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Jake LaRoe, Manager, Investor Relations. Yesterday after market closed, in addition to our third quarter 2020 financial news release and SEC 8-K filing, we posted slides and related prepared remarks in the Investor section of our website, www.eastman.com. Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the Company's third quarter 2020 financial results news release during this call, in the slides and prepared remarks, and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for second quarter 2020 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for third quarter 2020. Second, earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain non-core and unusual items and use an adjusted effective tax rate using the forecasted tax rate for the full year. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded and adjusted items, are available in the third quarter financial results news release. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Costa: Thanks, Greg. Before we answer your questions, I want to take a few minutes to make some comments. Weve had a strong recovery in the third quarter and solid performance through the first nine months of 2020, despite the challenges associated with COVID-19. Our employees around the world have done a great job of taking the actions necessary to keep their coworkers and themselves safe and healthy. We remain steadfast in this effort, especially as we see a resurgence of COVID-19, and continue to be committed to build a more inclusive teams so everyone can fully contribute at work. As we think about the impact of the pandemic on our business, we are leading from a position of strength with our innovation-driven growth model, which continues to be at the heart of how we win. As we moved through the third quarter, demand across our businesses improved, particularly for markets most impacted by COVID-19, especially auto, building, construction, consumer durables and some other markets. Our earnings were strong, with almost a 60% improvement from the second quarter, driven by innovation and market development, and the outstanding work of Eastman employees as they navigate these challenging and unprecedented environment. Additionally, we made progress on our plans to generate $25 million to $50 million of licensing technology earnings over the next few years, with $14 million of earnings in the third quarter. End-markets are recovering as the third quarter reflected a strong improvement. We saw a 10% sequential recovery in volume and mix from Q2 that got us back to within 5% of last year, which was limited by our planned maintenance shutdowns in CI. On a nine-month basis, our volume and mix is down 6%, which is well above underlying markets. This resilient performance is due to our robust and diverse end market positions and the strength of our innovations. We realized a strong improvement in our most impacted and mixed impacted markets. In our resilient end markets, the benefit we enjoyed in the first part of the year moderated as expected. That said, volume in our resilient markets is approximately flat year-over-year through the first nine months. We see continue momentum in October, and into November, based on what we know today, we project that volume and mix for Eastman will approach fourth quarter levels of 19. A testament to the resiliency of our portfolio and the great work of Eastman team has done to mitigate the impacts of COVID-19. All that said, we are focused on what we can control. Across the portfolio, we continue to create our own growth through our innovation-driven growth model, whether its in Performance Films, Specialty Plastics or architectural coatings among others, we are performing better than our recovering end markets. Prepared remarks I shared with you, how were leading the way in innovation market development. I'm excited about the early strong customer engagement with a new potentially revolutionary product in architectural space, which has the potential to become one of Eastman's top three growth platforms. We've expanded our paint protection portfolio by launching a black PPF, expanding our position from clear products to opaque, a market with tremendous growth. In a world where sustainability is driving consumer behaviour, we've had a number of wins across our sustainable product offering that leverage our innovative molecular recycling technologies. Assuming economic conditions remain as they currently are, we expect our fourth quarter adjusted EBIT will be similar to the fourth quarter of 2019 adjusted EPS of $1.42. If the volume and mix strength in October continues through the remainder of the quarter, our EPS could be above the prior year. Obviously, there's uncertainty of the impact of COVID resurgence, but we expect to provide an update in Q4 December [ph] Finally, on cash, which weve made a priority given the uncertainty, weve done a great job managing working capital, and, in particular, inventory. As a result, our free cash flow for the first nine months is the highlight of our companys history, and we are on track for a fourth consecutive year of greater than $1 billion of free cash flow. All this gives me confidence we continue to be well positioned to manage in this uncertain environment, and deliver long- term attractive earnings growth and sustainable value creation for our owners and for all our stakeholders. With that, I'll turn it over to Greg.
Gregory Riddle: Thanks, Mark. Maria, we are now ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today will come from Jeff Zekauskas of JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. In your script, you say that the impact of lower capacity utilization was $60 million in the third quarter versus $140 million in the second quarter. And then I think you also said that you thought your volumes in the fourth quarter year-over-year wouldn't be so different than what they were last year. And you also said that earnings would be flat relative to last year. But if you have a $60 million penalty in the third quarter and that seems to go away in the fourth, should you just earn a lot more in the fourth quarter?
William McLain: So, Jeff, this is, Willie. So let me start with the response. So, as you've highlighted in Q3, we had a headwind on a year-over-year basis of roughly $60 million. And what I would highlight, in Q3 we actually sequentially reduced our inventories about 5%, while volume was increasing 10%. As we think about where we sit at this point in time, we see volume levels being similar and approaching last years level, while we expect our quarter [ph] to slightly have higher capacity utilization. So as we think about the year-over-year performance in Q4 and or sequentially, we should have a slight tailwind, but it's not a full $60 million impact, because you'll have to recall that volume was down quite substantially on a year-over-year basis, whereas it will be coming back. So you have to take the volume component of that, that partially offsets the $60 million.
Mark Costa: And so look, the cost actions we took - Jeff, and good morning, Jeff, as well as improving utilization certainly is going to help the quarter. We said volumes are going to approach you know, 19 levels not get all the way back there. So we're seeing great recovery in the auto markets and BMC [ph] et cetera. And - but you also have some markets that are off, like aviation, some specific coating additives in China, they're still in the process of recovering. And so we have a few markets off netting out some of the recovering markets, and the ones that are off are very high mix value. So you know, strong recovery, great momentum as we go into 21, but not quite all the way back on the sort of volume mix side. And you've got a bit of spread pressure as well as you go into the Q4 number. With the improvement and increase in raw materials, energy costs, we've got some price contracts that lag and how you catch up to that, not a problem over time, just you know, in a quarter, you could call that lag and some of their competitive pressures entire. So we net it all together. We definitely see a way to get back to 19 levels in earnings. And, potentially better if the strength holds up that obviously with COVID you know, lockdowns in Europe, et cetera, we're going have to see how that plays out.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay. And you said, you have a goal of $25 million to $50 million in licensing revenue - in licensing revenues. And through the first nine months, I think you reported $18 million. So does that mean there's $7 million to go on the bottom end? Or is this 25 to 50? Some kind of annual number.
William McLain: Jeff, just to refer back to our January call, the $25 million to $50 million was between 20 and 22. So what I would say is this is great progress by the team, we're delivering on that front. And what you should expect is we're probably have the confidence that we're at least in the middle of the range, and over the next couple of years, we can deliver on top of that.
Mark Costa: Yeah, it's a great multi-year program, Jeff. We have a lot of incredibly valuable technology, some of which very much is on strategy for we're growing our specialties and some of which we've developed over time, that doesn't really fit with where we want to go. So this is an energy technology that allows you to successfully convert through gasification - coal gasification into making a high quality energy product, which the current technology in China does not do. So we've seen strong engagement, and this is the first license to sort of do this. Obviously, there are other companies who are very interested in being in the energy business in China. So we expect to get you know, more of these licenses in the future building on this first one. And then there's other normal licensing activity we have, some of our other technologies that are a little bit you know, lower in value per license, but this is a great example. It's a little chunky when it shows up, but is you know, one we would expect to repeat again and again in the in the coming years.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Bob Koort from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Bob Koort: Thank you very much. Mark, you talk about, you know, the October conditions prevail for the quarter. So does that mean better than typical from a seasonality standpoint, when I would presume November, December are usually weaker months or does it just mean typical seasonality from that October level? Trying to sort of gauge what you've baked in, in terms of what may or may not be a typical this fourth quarter?
Mark Costa: Yeah, this is in the a-typical category, Bob. So normally we have a really strong third quarter and second quarter, and then things, you know, trail off into the fourth quarter as people - you know, we as well as our customers sort of destock, you know, for cash reasons. And the primary demand in some markets like BMC and other things, you know, slow down, that's normal. On a primary demand basis, some things will still slow down, like building construction, to some degree, but even that is showing some more strength than normal because of all the delays that occurred in the summer. So, primary demand seems a little bit stronger, but the more significant driver of why we're going to have much better performance than a normal seasonal pattern is a number of our customers we're like us, aggressively destocked inventory through the summer, I think we can all acknowledge and see the demand came back in the third quarter better than we expected. So people are really tight on inventory, the automotive companies are really tight. BMC is obviously very tight, relative to the way demands come back. And that's true in consumer durables, and a bunch of other markets. And so what you see is people trying to build back to normal inventory levels, I don't think they're trying to build to something excessive, they're just trying to get back to stable, you know, natural inventory levels to support the now - the better demand, and then we probably expected in the second quarter. So that's all sort of good news. But normally, you've got this destocking going on, instead, you've got this sort of restocking back to normal levels that we can see. So that's going to give us a lot more stability, especially true in a - we're seeing this both in the auto side, as well as some of the durables, but also true everywhere else. I mean, we're running utilization flat out in CI, a number product were running flat out to support this demand and building action in the quarter. Did that answer your question Bob?
Bob Koort: Yeah, absolutely. I mean, obviously typically the fourth quarter destock ramifications can be pretty negative. But it sounds like just the reverse this year. If you look to next year, your cash flow has been very impressive. As you contemplate having to rebuild that working capital in your own franchise for next year. Have you sort of reconciled with that might be kind of drag on cash flow that could be for next year?
William McLain: Bob, this is Willie. Let me highlight, we have factored, I'll call it end a [ph] increased business activity. But I'd also highlight to you that we've made significant progress this year on, I'll call it structurally changing the levels and we're making investments in our integrated business planning on an enhanced level, such that we, you know, ultimately have a pathway to preserve the gains this year and mitigate any headwinds on inventory with business activity. Additionally, I would highlight that we will continue to leverage our accounts receivable and accounts payable programs. So as I sit here today, I see a pathway to a fifth consecutive year to greater than a $1 billion in free cash flow.
Mark Costa: Some of it is a natural [indiscernible] where you've got earnings improving and inventory, you know, to some degree will come up and lesser than the past because investments really maybe those sort of naturally hedge each other, right. So the EBITDA grows, you know, the inventory comes, the value of EBITDA is greater than the cost of the inventory. And that sort of balances each other out. CapEx will be a little bit higher, too. As we start ramping up some of our circular investments, but we've modeled this a lot and netted it out. We think it's going to be roughly in a sort of similar to this year.
Bob Koort: Thanks for the help.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Matthew DeYoe of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Matthew DeYoe: Hi, yes. So Performance Films seemed to have somewhat of a blowout quarters. Why are we seeing so much demand for Window Tinting? Is this expected to continue? Or is there some sort of pent-up demand trend that wouldn't necessarily be obvious kind of on the back of all the lockdowns?
Mark Costa: Yeah, well, let's start with - Performance Films had a blowout a couple of years and a blowout first nine months of the year. So you know, they're - on the first nine months their volume mix is only down 5%, in a market that's down 20%. And they're up year-over-year in the third quarter. So they're having a great year. And it's a combination of things. One, the Window Film business is very solid and always growing. Two, our Paint Protection Films are growing tremendously fast at very high values. As that marketplace, you know, has just taken off and we've talked to you about that over the years and now we're even expanding from just clear into black or opaque products as we go into next year, which is going to give us a whole  a new addressable market. So a lot of growth potential there. But it's not just that, the bigger part, frankly, is an excellent channel strategy and a service model. We have an incredible team out there, especially in the key markets, we serve like North America, China, and the rest of Asia, that has instituted a far superior model and how we support both the aftermarket dealers, but also building these auto dealership programs where they can now sell these products as a value up with the car, which they're always looking for, in where sort of train, develop, support them in doing that, you know, at the auto dealerships. And we have huge relationships with the top two auto chains here in the US, as well as the big auto chains in China. So it's a combination of multiple things thats getting as to win great products, great new markets growing, but an excellent service model that gives us durability. And now we're going to add on also a whole new digital tool that dramatically improves the install ability of the product with the installers. And that's very attractive and launching as we speak.
Matthew DeYoe: Thats helpful. And I was interested, to pick your brain a little bit more on the new market for the heat transfer fluids. I mean, I think that's one of the higher margin businesses in ANS or AFP. And clearly expectations are pretty soft from the aero side. So can you talk maybe about growth there and the margin profile associated with that growth?
Mark Costa: Sure. So if you go back, you know, 5, 10 years ago and say what was the businesses, primarily heat transfer fluids for chemical plants like polyester plants, et cetera. That was really the predominant source, very attractive business, lots of growth and China consuming it. But the market, end markets has dramatically diversified. The first big new market was solar. So you have to use  when you heat up these panels, these reflective panels out in the desert, you got to get the heat transferred to the turbine engine, and our fluid does that. So solar has been a huge driver of growth for us over the few - last few years. And a new market, it's really taken off for us as LNG. So they also consume and use these products in those facilities. And that's added on a whole another dimension. So while some of the traditional chemical markets are slowing down a bit, obviously, with different capital cycles, we are seeing these other markets deliver growth and enable us to have a lot more stability as well going forward to this business.
Matthew DeYoe: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from P.J. Juvekar from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
P.J. Juvekar: Yes, good morning. In CI, you mentioned that you're running flat out, you know, what are propane to propylene spreads? And also, you're using more refinery propylene, how did all that play out in the quarter? And then just in CI, you also have a smaller Ag business. How did that do? I guess last year, you had some tough comps, I guess this year should have some more stability in that Ag business? Thank you.
William McLain: Good morning, P.J. You know, just first on the spreads. Obviously, as we think about the integrated spreads to our derivatives, with raw materials increasing here during the quarter, our pricing lag, so there was, I'll call it some compression within the olefins. Obviously, on our RGB investment, we're still very positive on how that is provided a return and paid off and given us a little more stability. But again, I thought the key thing is, it's like compression. And we also had highlight - had some plan turnarounds like at our Singapore facility, that will give us some opportunity for a little bit higher volumes than we had in Q3, as we come out of those plan turnaround.
Mark Costa: And in Ag. You know, seasonally Ag always declines for us in the third quarter P.J., you know, there's a lot of built to get the products to the customers, the farmers. And by the third quarter, you know, find takeover. So, you know, that always turns off for us. But this year was also more of a headwind than normal, because one of our largest customers there had a very long shutdown in the quarter. And so that has a real mixed impact. It's not just a volume impact on CI, because the means business is very high value attractive business in CI, and so you feel both on the volume and mix, some of it normal, some of that was unique to this compared quarter.
P.J. Juvekar: Great. And you know in your prepared comments you talked about molecular recycling. Clearly there is something that the world needs today, you talked about the happening in Tryen [ph] and Naia yarn fiber. Can you talk about what are the inputs to this molecular recycling? You know, and whats the product quality? And, you know, when does it become economical? Thank you.
Mark Costa: Sure. So we're incredibly excited about the circular economy. You know, over a decade ago, we've been focused on sustainability and how that is a critical driver of change and innovation in our industry. We saw that all the way back to Tritan, when we're launching that in 2009, around health and wellness, natural resource efficiency, feeding a world, all those trends are in core [ph] you've heard us talk about all of them, and essential renovation that we require, every new product development program to be connected to something sustainable, if it's going to be durable. That's been true for the last decade. The circular economy is a whole new dimension of growth for the company, we're really excited about it. The reality is plastic waste is a crisis. It's just also ridiculous waste that much carbon in the environment, we should be capturing and keeping the environment and reusing it. A lot goes into making that happen. And we can play a critical role in that. Obviously a lot of infrastructure outside of our scope to get it to us. But we need to prove that it can be reprocess, reused, effectively. In mechanical recycling, which is why it's done today. Its very energy efficient. So wherever you can do it, you should do it. Problem is it requires extremely clean feedstock and has limitations on its quality, as well as how many times you can reuse it mechanically. So while important, very limited to solving the total plastic problem. So molecular recycling is required. It's not an option, it's required to actually solve the plastic waste problem. And we're excited because we have two technologies that are commercial now, that are going to prove that it's both commercial and scalable and economic returns for our shareholders to do so. And so those technologies, the first is what you're mentioning around cellulosic, so we have the ability to do reforming with our gasifier. So instead of gas mined coal, we can reform waste plastic, and return that into feedstock for making our cellulosic plastics. That includes our Naia yarns, as well as the thermoplastics we sell, and especially plastics. And it's a huge opportunity, we already were picking up a lot of momentum from sustainability on these products because you know, in the yarn 60% is bio content you know, FSC certified sustainably grown forests. That alone was driving a lot of growth for us. I mean, if you look at women's wear this year for us, our volume is flat last - relative to last year where the markets down 30%. So we're seeing tremendous success there in that part of the market. And that also will go into thermoplastics, so you know, are the largest player by fire are [indiscernible], sunglasses, eyewear, for the high end plastic that goes in those frames, Marchon were the key leaders in that markets, already launched with us using our recycled content to have that offer. So we see a lot of opportunities to grow the cellulosic plastics, even opportunities in electronics, toys, even single use plastics is an opportunity in a market that we see. So on that side tremendous opportunity. A lot of growth that allows us to grow in existing applications, allows us to grow new applications, like electronics where we're not today and opaque application and it comes at a higher margin. And the polyester technology is the same thing P.J. We've got our - tried our [ph] new product already getting orders from two iconic brands like Camelback, and Nalgene. We have a number of customers working with us in cosmetics in atomics as well durables, more hydration customers, as well as single use plastics. So we look across those two markets. As of now we already have 100 customers doing trawling with us across all these different markets and opportunities around these two technologies to grow the volumes, as well as get a better premium. And we know we can get the better premium. We're getting it now. And if you look at a better broader market about how important this is, food-grade PET recycled in Europe, and its going at a substantial premium to serve Virgin PET. So markets are willing to pay and support the investment necessary to solve this problem. So a great return on investment for everyone. So we're really excited about this. We think it's a great way to you know, defend our existing business, grow our businesses, and solve a real challenge in the world that we need to resolve.
P.J. Juvekar: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Alex Yefremov of Keybank. Please go ahead.
Alex Yefremov: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Mark, just to continue on the subject, have you made any progress in your decision making on methanol analysis project, are you aiming closer to investment or defining the economics for that business?
Mark Costa: Yeah. So methanol analysis is key to our strategy, as CI. It is a meaningful advancement to build one of those plants. And, you know, we're close to refining and finalizing the details of exactly when we're going to build it. We're committed, you know, to making this investment. We believe it's the right thing to do. The economics are very attractive. For all the reasons I just mentioned, in the January call, in the fourth quarter call well provide you more details, as we're just finishing up, you know, the final analysis of timing and capital scope, et cetera.
Alex Yefremov: And just to follow up on that, Mark, is it fair to say that, regardless of what decision you make was that methanol analysis project, you're kind of free cash flow parameters that you outline for next year are still there $1 billion plus was potentially methanol analysis CapEx?
Mark Costa: Yeah, that include. When we were talking about free cash - the free cash flow earlier, that includes the capital for methanol analysis. That's the reason CapEx, you know, we'd go up, you know, next year. We've already built a lot, especially capacity. So we believe we'll have tremendous growth, already seeing great recovery work and get back to almost 19 levels. And in the fourth quarter of this year, you got to remember back in 18, we built a lot of plants, right, a lot of different specialty plants to support growth in Tritan, and a number of other products, Ketones, et cetera. And so we're well-positioned in our cost structure to support growth. You know, the one exception is the circular economy, which is relatively new. And we are completing in this year, an expansion of our performance films capacity to support its tremendous growth. So I think we're in good position on that. It's really a test in our ability to do all that, is a testament to our team's operational excellence. We've made a lot of investments in the business operating model and how we operate our company, and the systems on how we're managing production. And we're continuing to make more investments on this to be much more efficient in our working capital. So we can you know, transfer that improvement into growth capital.
Alex Yefremov: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Mark, just cost savings, I believe about $100 million of these 150 are somewhere temporary in term cost savings. How should we think about how they flow back into the cost base in 2021?
Mark Costa: Good morning, David. I am going to let Willie take that one.
William McLain: Sure. Good morning, David. Thanks. You know, as we think about the 150 million of actions that we're taking this year, and we've highlighted two thirds of those are discretionary. We're trying to match those, as you think about with the level of business activity. I would highlight that we do expect over the long-term that some of that discretionary spend would become structural as well as we think about the leveraging of technologies and how we do business. But fundamentally, as we think about 2021, we have cost actions, that includes site shutdowns, as well as labor cost actions that are going to approach $100 million. And we're taking actions on those this year. So as you think about 2021, we will not only generate cost savings that offset any of the discretionary that's flowing back, we actually expect through digitization, the integrated business planning, and other network optimizations to actually give us capacity to invest in growth and capabilities. And it's with that confidence, that we're going to deliver $150 million net, about $225 million gross as we go into 2021. And much of those actions are already in play. And we're making strong progress this year. So that those structural actions are in place as we start 2021. As we think about 2022, we expect that to grow to a total of $200 million net and beyond.
David Begleiter: Very helpful. And Mark, just on the one third of S&P [ph] that has performed poorly over the years and now you spend it in a sense the - and the actions during the pandemic. But as you head into 21, first half - have you been able to improve these businesses through further cost actions - thinking a different about the role this one third of business going forward in the eastern portfolio? Thank you.
Mark Costa: Thanks, David. So, look, we've always been a disciplined portfolio manager. It was a while ago when we had our significant portfolio transformation, but we've sold off a lot of underperforming businesses in our history, and we've had very successful acquisitions of great specialty businesses to give the portfolio the strength, not just in the stability of revenue that you're seeing this year, you know, and let's not forget, we started with the trade war and COVID. Over the last two years, we've shown I think, good resilience in the top line with this portfolio, but also tremendous cash flow with the value of the acquisitions. So I think we're good at being disciplined. And as we said, we saw two businesses, you know, tires, adhesives, that were developing instability, that was inconsistent with our strategy, especially as part of AFP, and needed to address that. I think we've made great progress on managing the cost structures, especially in tires, where we're going to take out a couple plants and improve its cost structure in a meaningful way. As well as - and that allows us to level up our new plant, at a much lower cost plant as well in tires. And then innovation is also going really well in both businesses. But you know, the reality is, the tires business is really challenged, and the competitive dynamics. The ADT tariffs that got put in place shoving China tires back into China, then the broader trade war with China kicked off by Trump just created, you know, huge drop in demand, while competitive capacity is coming online. And that just created, you know, a food fight at the tire company level, as you can see, and at our level, with our competitors in this business. So, you know, that's - the volume recovery has been great in the back half of this year. And the earnings, the back half of tires will be much better than the first half. But it's still a competitive environment and a headwind relative to 19. And so that's when - we're going to do everything we can to improve the business, innovation is giving us the ability to sustain premiums above our competitors, in a meaningful way. But it's a business where, you know, we're going to continue looking for either JV or divestiture options. And hopefully, we'll get to stability at some point here with COVID and be able to sort of pursue that. But we're committed to dealing with the portfolio. Adhesives is actually holding up relatively well in 2020, relative to 19, volumes actually up about 5%, price is stable to the back half of 19, managing costs are like everywhere else. That business is stable, innovations getting a lot of great traction, our IPOs are really winning in the marketplace with superior environmental footprint, as well as better superior ability and allows you to lose less resin. So great growth there. Great growth, we've talked to you a number of times about our low VOC resins that we've launched. So it's stabilizing, but we're also still looking for opportunities to improve its performance if we can, through partnership and how we continue to improve that business. So we're still working, it's not going as fast as we liked at the beginning of the year with COVID.
David Begleiter: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you. Mark, maybe you could just touch on what you're seeing in building and construction. You know, in the prepared remarks, you talked about benefiting from the DIY market. So, you know, how big is that for you versus sort of, you know, regular construction. And as we think about going into next year, I know you have some innovation, I see the Optifilm in the deck, but as we go into next year, if DIY sort of softens a little bit, how's that going to impact the portfolio? Or do you have other things that will come back to offset that?
Mark Costa: So good morning, Vince. How you doing?
Vincent Andrews: Good, thank you.
Mark Costa: So, in our coatings business, roughly half of our coatings business is BMC. And half is transportation roughly. And on the auto side, remember, again, half OEM, half refinished. But on the BMC side, we are more weighted towards residential and commercial, which positions us well for benefiting from the DIY demand build up. So we certainly are seeing the benefit. You know, are sort of  adhesives are doing architectural paint, did quite well, consistent with what you've heard from the architectural coating companies in the third quarter. So we're tracking with that fairly well. And a huge part of the revenue, total revenue of AFP, but it is helpful, combined with the stability we're getting in care chemicals, the great performance we've had in heat transfer fluids that's offset the headwinds, or some of the headwinds, I should say, and aviation fluids. Innovation is helping too, as we talked about in the growth story run off to film. So it's market recovery, it's good positions with the winners in the marketplace that we always focus on. And a great example of the sort of resiliency of our portfolio and how it provides stability where - you know, while some things might be challenged, other parts do well, and that sort of balances out nicely.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And just on advanced materials, you know, obviously, the volume performance all year, and obviously, what's been a challenging year, has been very strong. And it seems like a lot of its innovation-driven. But as we think about going into next year, presumably the innovation, you know, continues to compound. But are there parts of that portfolio that have struggled this year that we will actually see some recovery in next year? Or is it just going to kind of be steady as she goes?
Mark Costa: [indiscernible] doing really well. I wouldn't call it struggling, but obviously demand and transportation in town this year. So you know, we certainly took an impact in advanced materials, especially in the second quarter, when our customers shut their plants down and we shut our plants down accordingly in Interlayers. So we took a hit there, obviously even performance films while did well was still down year-over-year, and faced some challenges there. But overall, I'd say the portfolio is doing great. I mean, it's got innovation, driving growth across all three main elements of it, especially plastics has been incredibly steady through this year where things like some durables we're off in the in the second quarter, but we had tremendous sort of COVID-driven strength and, you know, shrink for packaging that goes into grocery stores. Our sneeze guards, you know, the polymers that we make is great - has great chemical resistance for cleaning. So it's very popular for all these sneeze guards you are seeing in stores or restaurants, et cetera. It's a growth and that offsetting some of the weakness and good price stability relative to raw materials, you know, delivering good success. And you've seen the snapback already, right. The earnings in the third quarter are better than the first quarter of last year. So we've had great snapback, volumes almost getting back to last year's level, with the rebound in automotive and the great performance in performance films I talked about earlier. So I think this business is really on track to deliver a great result this year, but build on it with continued great results next year. You know, even in Interlayers, which we didn't talk much about, we've launched a number of new products. We've enjoyed a lot of success with our acoustics and head-up display premium products. We've told you, we've been working on next gen for all those and we've had great wins on all three fronts. We've had a next gen acoustic product with superior sound dampening, just gets selected by one of the leading sort of EV OEMs out there on tour in their iconic models. You know, noise is a huge issue in EVs because you've lost the sound of the combustion engine. So sound dampening in a variety of places in the car is critical and we - and the biggest place where you get sound coming into a car is actually the window. So we play a critical role in addressing some of those issues. We've had a multifunctional product, we've been working on. That is much more difficult for competitors to do, that combine solar rejection, acoustic and HUD all in one. And it's been just adopted by a leading Japanese OEM and we've had great success also on our next gen HUD. It's in, you know, trials right now with a leading German OEM that's going to be part of their augmented reality HUD that they're building and that market will continue to grow. So a lot of success there. Tritans doing great. And they've got the circular economy piling on top of this, as I mentioned earlier, delivering a lot of growth on many different fronts. And the portfolio is diverse and gave it stability. So we feel good about that.
Vincent Andrews: Great. Thanks so much.
Mark Costa: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question will come from Frank Mitsch of Fermium Research. Please go ahead.
Frank Mitsch: Good morning, folks. Hey, Mark, you know, just to follow up on, you know, kind of the auto side, you just talked about acoustics and head-up displays, et cetera. But I guess, you know, part of the reason why you're outperforming the auto OEM builds is due to paint protection that got some nice airplay in your remarks. Can you talk about the growth prospects there? I guess, you know, in the sec - market segmentation there, because I guess, you know, my thought was that that was more geared towards kind of hiring a vehicle. So that might suggest that you're in the early innings of being able to roll out that product, as you move, you know, to more mainstream on base. Can you spend a moment or two describing the growth prospects there?
Mark Costa: Yeah, it's tremendous growth opportunities. Frank, it's a segment that's been growing. And it got growth opportunities, both geographically, as well as within the category. So you're right, it started out with very high end, hypercars, and, expensive cars, where people want to protect them. It's already starting to move into that normal luxury market, in the mature market even, especially in China. It's amazing, you know, the number of people who are interested in sort of protecting their car, which for them is a very significant investment. And, and so there's a lot of growth in addressable market in front of us and this on the markets. And while it's growing really well, in China, in North America, we're in very early stages of this growing in Europe. So that's a whole another region of growth for us on top of growing the category. So we believe the sort of very strong double-digit growth rates will continue for quite some time.
Frank Mitsch: So we should be dialing in greater than auto OEM growth for EMA and for the near future, near midterm future?
Mark Costa: Absolutely, in advance which shows that's true and automotive and coatings, you know, I say we're tracking more with the market.
Frank Mitsch: Okay, great. Great. And then a question for Willie, you talked about $600 million plus in debt, net debt paid down in 20, implying 250 or so here in the fourth quarter. How should we start thinking about 21 in terms of the prior to uses of cash and expectations on debt pay down in 21?
William McLain: Yes, Frank. Good morning. On the capital allocation front, our priorities have not changed. We've increased our dividend for 10 consecutive years. And that's an important mechanism for us returning cash to stockholders. Also, to your point, we're committed to our investment grade credit rating. And, you know, 2021 will really depend on the pace of economic and economic recovery. But we will continue to stay focused on getting our debt-to-EBIT ratio closer to that 2.5 times, if youre at the end of Q3, our net debt is about three times our leverage, and also, we're committed to offsetting the dilution right now. And, you know, obviously, the pace EBIDA growth will be, you know, as we think about allocating beyond that, in 2021.
Frank Mitsch: Got you. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Kevin McCarthy of Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, good morning. Mark, you've done a tremendous amount on the innovation front in recent years. And I would like to hear more about Optifilm, as you highlighted in the prepared remarks. But more broadly, you know, I'm tempted to ask, is there a way to quantify the benefit that you anticipate from new products, either on a top down basis across the portfolio, or perhaps bottom up? You know, thinking about what the top two or three contributors could be in coming years?
Mark Costa: So good morning, Kevin. We do - we gave you a metric on new business revenue from innovation. So we - you know, there's lots of new business revenue, which is winning market share and things like that. But we isolate out what comes from innovation platforms. And we had a target of you know, this year getting to $500 million. We were well on track at $40 million last year, even in the trade war. And we continue to have great engagement, even virtually, with customers. We've told you about all kinds of wins we're having in this year, across our product portfolio. And so we feel good about it, but it's not going to be at the level that we aim for. So we'll always give that to you. And we know that new business innovation, you know, will build and I think we can get back to that level, you know, that target next year in 2021. So I feel good about the growth that we can sort of put together there. And it really fits with where were I think we're headed for delivering a very attractive 2021. So, you know, Willie told you, we've got fixed costs basically flat, we've told you that we have $100 million tailwind in asset utilization next year, relative to this year, volumes were just flat in 21 versus 20, right, because we took all these aggressive inventory management actions this year to go beyond demand to, you know, generate cash, and we're quite happy we did that. And that inverts, you know, becomes $100 million tailwind of flat volumes. And then it's innovation from new business that we're just talking about here. The market recovery, that you might, you know, have at some level, depending on how COVID everything plays out, all create incremental growth above that. And because of the inventory actions we've taken this year, the innovations and, you know, the growth that we're getting there as above average margins for the company, because the inventory management we've done, you know, we don't have any fixed costs headwinds. And the incremental margins for growth next year are probably going to be 60%, 50 to 60%. So very attractive margins, so that growth you know, flows the bottom line and we put up out together $0.60 just for flat volume on utilization, and flat cost and then growth - and that goes back to 19 levels.
Kevin McCarthy: Okay, that's helpful. And secondly, Mark, I want to ask about interlayer films, you talked about the acoustic films and heads-up displays. Do you feel as though you're gaining market share in that business? Or is it more a situation where you know, volumes could be exceeding auto sales as a function of restocking? Or perhaps both of those things? How would you characterize the market dynamics in any interlayer films?
Mark Costa: Interlayer is a great business. It's more directly tied to OEM production obviously, so that production goes up and down, so our volume. We still benefited and did better than in early market this year Kevin with acoustic and heads-up display, but not to the same extent as performance films, because performance films is expanding, its overall market that it serves. And so it's doing well, the HUD and acoustic doing well, this next gen set of products I just mentioned are going to give us additional tailwind as we go into next year. So we feel that it will continue on a volume mix basis, it will do. The mix is incredibly important to keep in mind about this, the entire company, especially in AM, so when you're selling a-protection films or window films or acoustic, heads-up display, that's way above segment average margins and AM, including Tritan in the circular economy parts were selling same thing. So all those growing, isn't just volume, it's a mix upgrade.
Kevin McCarthy: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mike Sison of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Mike Sison: Hey, guys, nice quarter. Just curious, and I think I've done the math, right? Looks like sales would be up sequentially, right, fourth quarter versus third quarter. And I apologize, I missed this. But why is EBIT - your guidance imply EBIT is down, right. So if anything I am missing, I would have thought maybe you'd have flow through-up on a EBIT basis?
William McLain: So, good morning, Mike. So thanks for the question. So on the volume mix, we expect it to be approaching Q4 levels of prior year, as we think about, raw materials continuing to be somewhat increasing, we would expect it to continue to potentially have some quite slight spread compression, as we think about our chemical intermediates and some of the ASC one third, potentially tires. So as we think about the balance of that, also we'll have a little less of the cost actions benefit. So I'll remind you in Q3, we had roughly $50 million, Q4 we'll have roughly $40 million, as the activity continues to increase. So you know, all in, you know, that's a sequential view, as well as some of the key inputs on a year-over-year. So, as we think about it being similar to prior year is where we come out as we look through that.
Mark Costa: There's always some normal. I mean, while we don't have normal seasonality of the drop space or things I said earlier, we still demand to be a little bit less, you know, in products with some seasonality. So tremendous strength to get back to last year's levels and earnings. So I think that's a great accomplishment, as we look at it, but a little bit less than third quarter.
Mike Sison: Right, no I agree. And then in terms of - if demand level stay sort of around the third quarter level, or second half level, and then given some of the cost saving you have CI for 21, where do you think your run rate level of earnings is tracking? And I know, it's maybe too early to give specific guidance, but, you know, are you above 19? Or you're closer to 18? Just maybe just give me a sense of where earnings should maybe lay out if things stay at these levels?
William McLain: Yeah, so I was trying to get at the - around the growth question a moment ago, you know, assume fixed costs flat, assume a tailwind of $0.60 cents a share and asset utilization of flat volumes. So then you build on that with volume growth, mix improvement, as I was just talking about the power of mix is incredible such as volume, that that was a headwind this year, it was mixed as a big driver, is the markets that were impacted by COVID, were our highest value markets. So, you're seeing the value them coming back in the third quarter, you'll see that you know, more progress in the fourth quarter. But next year, you'd expect to get all the way back there on mix. And then the asset leverage of that fixed cost, you know, with sort of that 50% to 60% incremental margins. I think when you put all that together, there's still some spread headwinds you're going to have with pricing catching up to res, because we assume res will be increasing next year with an improving economy. So you have a little bit of that as a headwind and some competitive pressure in tires and asset deals offsetting some of that growth and success. So put it all together, we think we can get back to around 2019 levels, could be a bit better, but there's a lot of moving parts on that. We got to see, you know, how we get through this COVID crisis, which obviously is going to have some amount of impact. And there's the selection, there's China trade tensions, et cetera. So there is a lot of things to factor in and refine that outlook, which will give you in January.
Mike Sison: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from John Roberts from UBS. Please go ahead.
John Roberts: Thank you. You have all these great ESG initiatives? How does this big Tow business fit into that mosaic? And do you have to carve that out at some point? Or can it coexist as you ramp up the other ESG initiatives?
Mark Costa: So obviously, we've considered carving Tow out of the portfolio a number of times, especially back in 2015. Unfortunately can't be carved out John, it's so integrated into the Kingsport site. And so interdependent with all the cellulosic growth we have in AFP, and AM and shared assets and recycle use can't separate it, it would be a disaster. So you have to grow out of it. And that's what we're doing, right. So our strategy is, you know, through, you know, ultimately, if you go long term enough, replace all the Tow with textiles and other applications with that growth and obviously, that's going to take some time. But our strategy and the answer to that question, when it comes up is, we have to maintain the economic integrity of the company to invest in growth and support our success. So, Tow is part of that, but we're going to work as hard as we possibly can to grow in textiles was also as attractive margins, and grow that business as the Tow business declines over time. So that's sort of the answer to the question, and it's also a way to leverage a lot of excess Tow capacity that we have right now that has great incremental margins and will grow textile against you know, zero.
John Roberts: Okay. And then secondly, back to the performance films, the Interlayer business is almost all OEM, can the paint protection in the opaque films go OEM as well?. And maybe just give us a little bit of parameters, if Interlayer profitability is or content is one x for car, the opaque films go on the side windows and rear windows. So that's got to be much bigger than one x and then the paint protection goes on a much larger surface area and so that's got to be even higher than the darkening films, kind of give us what are the one x and then the Interlayers and what are the opaque films and the paint protection film?
Mark Costa: Yeah. So john, I dont have a quick easy answer to that question. What I can't tell you that, sort of refine a little bit about what the paint protection film is. So paint protection film comes in two versions. One is the full wrap of the car, but a lot of people just wrapped the vulnerable - put the film on just the vulnerable parts of the car, the front, the side, the door handles, et cetera. So it comes in two different versions on how much you sell per car when you do PPF. And it is certainly additive. When you think about our presence on a car, because the interlayers is doing one thing and acoustics and HUD, the films on the windows are, as you've noted, so it's not just tinting, it's actually solar rejection is the big value proposition. So we sell a lot more in hot locations than cool locations, because the films are much more advanced today than they were 20 years ago. And the big value proposition isn't just the tinting, it actually rejects a tremendous amount of solar heat that actually gives you better fuel efficiency since you use less air conditioning. And so that's, you know, additive. And then you've got the PPF. But we don't break it down on a sort of ratio basis like that. It's something we probably should do, and we'll take a look at that. But what we do know is we're getting a lot of more presence on each car sold. And the dealers, as you mentioned, are really getting interested in it, right. It used to be very much an aftermarket business NPF. And a lot of our growth is now in collaboration with these programs we're doing with the auto dealers, where they sell it as a upsell in the car, sometimes it's pre-installed on luxury cars, so you don't have a choice about it, when you're buying it. A lot of it is after - sort of an upsell at the point of sale. So a lot of different ways to grow.
John Roberts: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Blair of Tudor Pickering Holt & Co. Please go ahead.
Matthew Blair: Hey, good morning, everyone. I want to circle back to tire additives. The Michelin data showed pretty rapid improvement in replacement tire demand through Q3, I think that both North America and China up 9% year-over-year in September. So I just want to see, you know, does that match with what you have? I know your tire market is much more commercial. But any comments there?
Mark Costa: We've seen the same rapid recovering demand in tires and the third quarter has been quite good and consistent with what you're talking about.
Matthew Blair: Sounds good. And then, you know, all these forest fires have caused a pretty big wood shortage, lumber shortage, is that having any impact on I guess either fibers or any other parts of your business?
Mark Costa: No, where those fires are occurring are not where we would be getting our wood. We only get wood pulp from sustainably grown forests. They're grown purposely to be regenerated and taken care of it in very different locations and where these fires are occurring in East Coast, Brazil, different locations than the West Coast.
Matthew Blair: Got it. Thanks.
Mark Costa: Yeah.
Gregory Riddle: If we could make the next question, the last one, please.
Operator: Our last question today will come from Arun Viswanathan of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Arun Viswanathan: Great, thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just two quick ones. So first off, could you just remind us sequentially what was the benefit from lower idle facility charges? I guess Q2 to Q3. And then secondly, if you could just address maybe the benefits to Eastman from a potential infrastructure bill, if there's maybe a percent of your portfolio that's weighted there. And you know, how potentially Eastman would be positively impacted by that? Thanks.
William McLain: Sure, Arun. So if I answer the question, so I'll answer it two ways. One, which is you saw our decremental margins go down roughly 60% from Q1 to Q2, and our incremental is be about 60%, I would say over 90% of our period costs associated with our facilities basically went away in the quarter on a sequential basis, as our plants came back and became fully operational throughout the quarter.
Mark Costa: And then on the infrastructure question, it will benefit us, we're not really focused on in a large infrastructure projects and the kind of materials we make, we tend to go more into consumer durables, cars, building construction, but more commercial than bridges. And, and so it depends on the nature of what the infrastructure is. What's great about that is it just creates broader economic growth, which were highly leveraged. So, while it may not be participating directly in some of the infrastructure projects, we are having - you know, certainly tied to macroeconomic demand and people have more pickup trucks going to work in construction, which is good for us, et cetera. So, we'll certainly benefit like everyone does from the improving economy, driven by it.
Arun Viswanathan: Thanks.
Gregory Riddle: Thanks, again, everyone for joining us this morning. We appreciate you dialing in and I look forward to talking with you again soon. Have a great day.
Operator: This will conclude today's conference call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-04 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Second Quarter 2020 Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman's website which is www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory Riddle: Thank you, Brian and good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Willie McLain, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Jake LaRoe, Manager, Investor Relations. In case you missed it yesterday after market close, in addition to our first quarter of 2020 financial results press release and SEC 8-K filing, we posted slides and related prepared remarks in the Investor section of our website, which is www.eastman.com. We've continued this practice from the first quarter, and I hope it continues to be helpful to you. Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the Company's second quarter 2020 financial results news release during this call, in the preceding slides and prepared remarks, and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for first quarter 2020 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for second quarter 2020. Second, earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain non-core and unusual items and use an adjusted effective tax rate using the forecasted tax rate for the full year. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded and adjusted items, are available in the second quarter financial results news release, which can be found on our website in the Investors section. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Costa: Thanks, Greg. Before I turn it over to questions, I want to take a few minutes to make some comments. The first half of 2020 has been unprecedented given the serious threat to health and safety. The reminders of racism and the need for positive change, the incredible amount of economic volatility and the lingering uncertainties that confronts us all. I'm grateful to the healthcare community, our first responders along with government local leaders who are helping at this difficult time. As importantly, I want to thank the women and men of Eastman, their families who continue to come together in tremendous ways. They've gone above and beyond, working long hours many times in challenging conditions. Most important, they have been diligent to keep people safe, continue to support our customers, and keep our businesses going. While COVID-19 has caused us to shift some priorities this year, we are renewing our commitment to drive a more inclusive and diverse workforce, which is a core value of Eastman and critical to our growth strategy and ability to innovate. During the quarter, we took steps to strengthen our efforts to build more inclusive teams by increasing our efforts to mitigate the impact of unconscious bias and expanding resources to equip employees for their role in driving a more inclusive culture. We're making progress and have much more work to do to ensure every team can show up and contribute fully at work and in their communities. As we look at our first half performance, we believe that we have performed relatively well with our focus on free cash flow. Sales revenue for the quarter and for the first half of the year when compared to peer results demonstrated resilience, which is a function of our innovation-driven growth model as well as the diversity of our end markets and a testament to the great work of Eastman employees as they navigate this challenging and unprecedented environment. We also made great progress in our $150 million of cost tractions [ph] in the quarter and are on track to hit our full year target. With our focus on free cash flow, we'd also manage our inventory aggressively to respond to the fall in demand and go beyond that, to generate even more cash delivering our best free cash flow for the first half. Turning now to our expectations for 2020. In the second quarter, the cost from the lower capacity utilization was $120 million sequentially. We expect this will decline by about half in the third quarter and be partially offset by increasing maintenance spending and a moderation of the impact from cost reduction actions as we ramp back up. Advanced Materials will have the biggest impact from the improvement in capacity utilization, between $30 million and $35 million for the quarter. AFP will see some benefit and CI will face a net headwind as higher maintenance shutdowns will be more than the utilization tailwind. The third quarter is off to a strong start as we benefit from volume recovery and start to realize the benefits of inventory management actions we took in the second quarter. As a result, we expect a substantial sequential increase in earnings. Most importantly, we are maintaining our focus on cash generation, which is our priority for the year. Early on, a very strong start in the first half of the year, we are on track to generate over $1 billion of free cash flow for the year. Given the continued uncertainty related to COVID-19, we are not providing 2020 guidance. While, the actions we're taking today are making a significant difference, we remain focused on innovation strategy and are continuing to invest in our growth and our commercial capabilities. At the same time, we will be driving an operational transformation program to structure remove cost by greater than $200 million by the end of 2022 with a significant impact in '21. Altogether, these actions we've taken in 2020 are well -- we are well positioned to benefit from the return of economic growth as we look at the future in '21 and beyond. As we lead from a position of strength with our innovation-driven growth model, it's the heart of how we win. Our strengths had never been clear during this pandemic. Our portfolio transformation, especially businesses, the outstanding innovation capability we've built along with our decisive operational execution capability. Generating excellent free cash flow is a top financial priority, our balance sheet, strong and we have significant sources of liquidity. With that, I'll turn it back to Greg.
Gregory Riddle: Okay. Thanks, Mark. And Brian, we're now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll now take our first question from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead sir. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. This is Andrew Castillo [ph] on for Vincent. So just had a quick question regarding your carbon renewal technology. It sounds like you're getting good customer receptiveness. So I was wondering if you could give us sort of a bit more color in regards to the economics, for the -- what premiums you're getting versus non-recycled product. And then as we think about the products moving toward that $200 million, $300 million type number that you mentioned, could you give us a sense of what check points you're thinking about and what the timeline of that might be, and maybe when we moved from a pilot plant to a full scale rollout.
Mark Costa: Sure. Great set of questions and one of the most exciting growth platforms, we have at Eastman that we've been working on for the last, I guess 18 months now. As all of you know, attention to carbon footprints, switch [ph] our economy, the plastic waste problem we have, in landfills, the ocean is a critical issue that we as an industry need to solve, and it's also just a huge waste of carbon letting that all go into the environment as opposed to recycling. And what's exciting about Eastman is, we are a leading I think with commercial scale investments to close that loop and create a circular economy that is both economic and great for the environment. So one of those two technologies as you noted is a carbon renewal technology where we're repurposing our gasifier to reforming waste plastic and so we take it on the front end instead of the call, and we can completely clean up that waste plastic to its molecular elements and rebuild asset yields and cellulosic products. So we went commercial on that quite some time ago and are scaling up for their customers both in textiles with our new NAYO [ph] products that have already 50% bio content from sustainably grown for us. Now, the other half will be based on recycled plastic; so it's --and these products are biodegradable as microfibers in the ocean. So it's the hat-trick of all offers in textiles when you have bio, half recycled content and you don't have to worry about the microfibers. So we get -- we have tremendous interest in a number of customers who are adopting this. One of the biggest wins we've had, recent lease with H&M who have put that in their conscious collection and we're seeing a number of other companies adopt. Obviously in the COVID environment, where the textile market is severely down, it's hard to see a lot of that benefit, but we can still see it in women's wear, which is our target growth market, where we're only down about 15% when the underlying market is down 30%. So we're seeing good substitution growth even in a very challenged market where people are still adopting sustainable solutions at a premium compared to other alternatives in the marketplace. So we're getting both a price premium as well as accelerated growth. And we would expect as the textile market recovers that would accelerate. Same is true with the variety of cellulosic plastic offerings we have on the especially plastics side. Ophthalmics, we've had a number of customers now adopt to recycle their cellulosic waste for sunglasses, eyeglasses, we're the dominant player in that marketplace with a very strong leadership position and we're going to be taking back their product actually and circulating it back into a true circular solution for sunglasses and eyeglasses. So we've had a number of wins there, and that's only one of two technologies. The other one is our polyester technology where we can recycle polyester and then zip it bit back into it's intermediates and then return that back to market. What's great about both of these apologies, is that they are truly circular where we can close the loop into the same level of application or even a better application. We're not down-cycling products which is what happens to a lot of waste. And what's great about molecular recycling is, the product is identical, so there is no -- no-trade offs and performance. The performance is identical to the fossil fuel based product. The quality is identical. There are no safety concerns, because we're breaking it down to the molecular and cleaning it all up before we make the new polymer. And it's infinite, like aluminum, so we can continue to recycle the product, forever. There is no limitations. Mechanical recycling starts to break down over time. So there is only so many times you can do that. So, it truly is the solution and we believe that as we've said, there is $200 million to $300 million at least of incremental revenue associated with this in both share gains and price premiums that we can get from the marketplace, provides a very attractive return on investment.
Unidentified Analyst: That's very helpful. Thank you. And then just in terms of the portfolio optimization. So you're doing some savings, cost savings initiatives. I think on your last earnings call, you had mentioned that perhaps in this environment, it's a little bit hard to look at monetizing some of the maybe one-third of AFP that's struggling a little bit more. I was wondering if you could give us an update on how you're viewing this strategically, and if there is opportunities to do some of that as well on top of the cost reductions.
William McLain: Yes. This is Willie speaking. So on the one-third of AFP first, so let me just reiterate that we're taking action now, actions to improve the business including progress on our innovation as well as the restructuring of our footprint. You'll see that we announced the closure of an asset in Asia, and we continue to work through other actions and choices that we have to improve the near-term business performance. We're pursuing all options which includes partnerships to improve the overall business performance and reduce our exposure. In addition to that, we would be looking at, call it, also divestitures over time. So we're looking at all fronts and we're taking action now to improve that performance. As you can imagine, in this environment, it is a more difficult environment, but I would say, that we've gotten through, I'll call it the first phase of COVID, there has been renewed engagement and interest on multiple fronts. And we're pleased with those engagements. On the $150 million of cost savings to pivot there, what I would highlight again is, we are on track to achieve that, in Q2, we were a little ahead. And on, you would expect Q4 to be the lowest quarter and Q3 to be about, on average, but again on track to achieve that. And as we highlighted, we're looking to also structurally, make structural changes of which we think that roughly a third will be structural from that. And our objective right now is to ensure that as the discretionary spend comes back in 2021 that we have structural actions that at least offset that as we move forward.
Unidentified Analyst: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Moving on to our next question from Ben Isaacson from Scotiabank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ben Isaacson: Thank you. I noticed that your sales by customer location was down about 20% in the US, 20% in Europe, but only around 9% in Asia. So, could you split that between China and the Rest of Asia, remind us what your China exposure is? And are you working on any risk mitigants with respect to potentially a worsening US trying to create? Thanks.
William McLain: Just to give a little bit of color around our Asia Pacific exposure, what we've previously said is, roughly half of that exposure is in China, half of it, outside of China. As you think about also the way code that impacted around the world, the impact of COVID was much more impactful in Q1 in Asia, and as the economy returned, you saw that pick up. And basically, I think what you're seeing in the revenue is, how it impacted Europe and North America, more so in Q2.
Mark Costa: And as you think about the trade war question, sometimes we forget, we're interested in phase 2, we started with the trade war in '19, and a pandemic just to make it more interesting this year on top of it. And we're already living with a certain amount of trade war that didn't exactly get completely abated, you've got stabilized, I would say in the beginning of this year, but it didn't go away. So we're -- that's still there. And I think we've done a good job of managing our way through it, last year, and we certainly we're seeing strong improvement in our results, once it's stabilized in the January, February, part of this year. But we have a diversity of end markets, we've shown we can be stable with our end markets as well as our regions. There is a lot of upside in North America and Europe, and a pandemic recovery in front of us. That would certainly mitigate some risk to China as we sort of move forward. So I think we've got a good diverse position on not just geographies, but in markets and have already demonstrated, we can manage our way through a trade war.
Ben Isaacson: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Kevin McCarthy from Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes. Good morning. Can you speak to the inventory reductions in the second quarter as well as where you ended the quarter and what that might mean for your operating rates moving forward?
William McLain: Thanks, Kevin. This is Willie. We've made very strong progress on working capital and specifically inventory in the quarter. I think sequentially you saw inventory down roughly 15%. And again applaud all of our business teams and operations and supply chain for executing on that very effectively. We would expect only, I'll call it, very modest additional inventory reductions throughout the year. So you can expect, I'll call it the utilization rates to pick up quite substantially here in Q3, as we bring our other plants back on Board and the -- definitely in the transportation end markets. And I'd also reference that as you look at that on a year-over-year basis, we were building inventory. So it's in that 20% to 25% level year-over-year of inventory reductions. So great progress, still more to do, as we think about our receivables and payables, as those, I'll call it get back to more normal levels in the back half of the year, but effectively improving overall.
Mark Costa: Yes. The other thing I'd note is, as you think about utilization, the upside of utilization headwind this year is in 2021, so we've generated a lot of cash this year really proud of how much progress we've made, incredible actions by our teams and how well they did it. And it wasn't just following demand, right, we went way beyond that, and pulling inventory down to generate cash, which created a good portion of that headwind, so as we said $140 million year-over-year headwind and utilization in the second quarter, half of that was doing that inventory management beyond just following demand. So if you look at next year, if you just assume volumes next year, equal to this year that half of that $140 million is the earnings tailwind next year relative to this year. So not only are we holding costs flat with our structural actions into next year on the fixed costs. This utilization set of actions we took in the second quarter and to some degree continuing in the third quarter will create a pretty substantial earnings tailwind for next year as long as volumes are equal to this year and then once volumes get better than that, obviously, you get even more tailwind, because the incremental margins become quite significant for all the volume and mix growth beyond that. So I think the utilization really sets us. It was great for cash this year, is our priority. We've been very clear. That's our priority as opposed to worrying about how the earnings look from an accounting point of view, especially with the period charges in the first -- in the second quarter, but really sets us up for recovery next year.
Kevin McCarthy: I see. Thank you for that. And then secondly I wanted to ask you to elaborate on restructuring. It looks like, do you foresee $200 million or more savings to the end of '22, fairly large number there. Where will that be coming from in terms of your businesses and regions perhaps you could talk about how much is headcount versus asset rationalization and other sources of savings.
William McLain: Kevin, and let me start out here. As you think about the actions that we're taking, first and foremost, we look to optimize our asset footprint, specifically in the one-third as well as the Singapore announcement that we previously announced. So you can see that number being at least $50 million or greater. Additionally, as we highlighted earlier this year, we were talking about continuing to improve our site utilization. So as you think about leveraging our integrated facilities, we've highlighted with Air Products and other assets along the Gulf Coast, the benefits that will achieve an earnings there. And then additionally, we're looking at how do we use digital solutions as well as, in transform, how we do maintenance on our sites and optimize our networks around the globe and post-trade war post environment and those will be additional monies on top of that.
Mark Costa: Yes. There's quite about quite of a bit of value around network optimization and we've done a lot of acquisitions over the years as you guys know, building up our specialty portfolio. So as you look at those plants, warehouses, networks of how we do everything, there is opportunities to optimize all of that. And there is headcount reduction as well. So as we optimize our business operating model and our investments about making us more effective and nimble agile in our commercial operations, all the way through how we improve our effectiveness of operations especially lot of lessons learned here in the last four months, we see real opportunity to sort of streamline the organization and take costs out there. So there's a lot of different levers of it. It's all line of sight. There is very detailed programs to that total number, Kevin, and how we get there. It's no one silver bullet, but a lot of heavy lifting by people across the entire organization to make it happen. But it's a great year to sort of step back and say, how do we complete the transformation to a specialty company, both on the commercial capability and innovation investments which we're continuing to do, but also on how we become very cost competitive to create value for our shareholders and stay competitive against the people we face in the marketplace. So a lot of great work there. But very clear --clear set of action plans.
Kevin McCarthy: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Matthew DeYoe from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Matthew DeYoe: Hi. So one of your competitors have talked about the fact that the outperformance -- that the outperformed autos in 2Q given that position on the supply chain in the fact that insulated them from the sell-off initially. However, that would represent a lag both in operating rates and demand pull through as transportation rebounded. Are you seeing a similar implications on your businesses, particularly as it relates to those on OEM? Or do you see orders already kind of coming through your system?
Mark Costa: I think the answers are a little bit different between AM and AFP, so I'm going to sort of give it to you on both fronts. So in Advanced Materials, the supply chain there is very short, so we feel the changes in OEM behavior production or sales level, when it comes to Performance Films business, because that's at the point of sale as opposed to production pretty quickly. So that's why you saw Advanced Materials, take the bigger impact from COVID in the first quarter where the earnings were nearly as good as the recovery of earnings, you saw sequentially from 4Q to 1Q in AFP. So we felt it quickly. We acted quickly and that's also why you saw us take down a lot more operating facilities in Advanced Materials, and that demand came off in March through April, May, and we have more standalone facilities was easier to shut those facilities down in AM, so very quick impact. And we already saw a very quick recovery in those businesses as we got to June. And hence the much stronger forecast for earnings recovery and utilization benefit for Advanced Materials in the third quarter. So, that played out much faster than what we're seeing in advance, I mean as the Functional Products where supply chain is much longer. So we didn't feel the impact really in the first quarter, hence in the stronger earnings performance and stronger as a result bigger sequential drop when it finally caught up to us in the second quarter in AFP. Coatings just -- was a longer supply chain, same with aviation and so we felt that. And through the second quarter and it's not going to come back quite as fast in the third quarter on the AFP side. I would also note, there is couple of other differences, one aviation is obviously not coming us back as fast, when it comes to transportation, as we call it and about half our automotive coatings is refinished as opposed to OEM. So AFP also doesn't see that sort of snap back and OEM production as much as, because the refinish obviously is based on our customers' comments, you're going to take a little longer to recover. We do see traffic improving and we expect to get solid recovery there, but it's not going to be as fast.
Matthew DeYoe: Okay. And so the $200 million number is pretty chunky and in that light, I guess, absent an acquisition, is it reasonable to think you can get back to that admit $600 million in EBIT range for A&FP [ph] by 2023 and if not, what is a reasonable assumption for mid-cycle kind of earnings in that business.
Mark Costa: Well, I think that, as you look at A&FP [ph] and earnings, first of all we're not going to be giving forecast out to 2023. So, but what I can say is that, it's a great business and the vast majority of the impact of this business has faced since 2018, which is where I think about where earnings were in a stable environment, before the trade war started compounded by a pandemic, the vast majority of our hit between now and then was volume mix, right, less auto demand, B&C demand a variety of different places where we realize some impact on demand. And all of that demand will come back with the market and you got to remember that. Mix is a huge part of the story in both AM and AFP. So when that volume dropped in those in transportation or B&C or -- in consumer durables. That's the highest margins we have relative, company average. So big impact on the way down last year this year and big impact on the mirror image of it recovering. It's not just about volume recovery, that mix is a huge impact in driving value and earnings and cash. So we expect that all to come back. The other party, of course, is we're taking aggressive action on the cost side. Right. So, if we take $150 million out this year, make that structural into '21 and even add on another $100 million. That means we've taken out $150 million relative to 2018, '19, that offset some of the spread and competitive pressure, more than offset the spread and competitive pressure that we've seen in tires and adhesives. So there's no reason for the -- for the earnings not to be able to come back for the Company to a pretty substantial level and get back when volumes come back, we should get back to earnings being better than '19 or '18 when the volumes get back to that level.
Matthew DeYoe: Okay. So the message being just structural cost cuts, plus volume recovery equals pressure on adhesives and once you shouldn't businesses like that, maybe, give or take, plus volume growth from there.
Mark Costa: It's only about the mix part, a lot of the margin comes back.
Matthew DeYoe: Yes, it comes back.
Mark Costa: With that mix, not just the volume that's -- we try to be very clear about that back to Innovation Day in 2018 to give you guys some sense of the significance of mix. And it's a big part of our story and growth of course it can see other way when you have demand to come off.
Matthew DeYoe: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: We will now take the next question from Duffy Fischer from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Duffy Fischer: Good morning, guys. Could you just talk, because there has been a couple of cost takeout programs, some temporary, some permanent, if we just use Q2 as the base, how much comes out the rest of this year and how much of that's permanent versus temporary, then how should we think about the sequencing in '21 and '22.
Mark Costa: So Duffy, as we think about this year, there is an additional $100 million which will take out and I'll say, let's think about roughly half of that being more discretionary and half of that being structural as we make momentum on the structural aspects here in the second half. As we pivot into the next year, I think, I highlighted earlier that we're making decisions and taking actions this year that will build roughly $50 million more structural as we look at our asset footprint. And I'll build that connection to what Mark highlighted and we expect network optimization to be a major driver of structural changes also in 2021. So that was basically in that sense keep you cost neutral year-over-year as the discretionary goes away and we replace it with structural. Then on top of that, we see a pathway to an additional $50 million to $100 million and '21 and '22 to grow them the additional increases and deliver to the bottom line.
Duffy Fischer: Okay. And then, if we look at your outlook, the $120 million, half of that back $60 million offset by $10 million, that would walk to an improvement of $50 million from Q2 to Q3, is that the baseline that we should think about making adjustments for kind of the pricing trends in these cost take-outs, or that's your best view on kind of all in incorporating everything, but just a way to get us to that $50 million number? How can you parse those two?
William McLain: So the first step I would take is, to your point, the removal of the inventory and the impact of that in Q2, partially offset by, I'll call it, the reduced maintenance and the slightly lower cost actions that gets us, I'll call it to that $30 million to $40 million [ph] range as we think about structural cost and operational improvement. And then on top of that would be, I'll call it, the variable margin improvement for volume growth that we have sequentially.
Mark Costa: And we're...
Duffy Fischer: Thank you, guys.
Mark Costa: Slide 2 -- we're seeing a good build and volume, right. So we saw 8% increase in July and June compounded by another 4% in July, order book, so far, it's early August. But the orders being similar to July and August is good compared to the normal seasonal decline you see in August with Europe shutdowns and everything else. So far off to good start, but as we know painfully well, it's a very unpredictable year, we will have to see how economies are impacted by the resurgence. And if there's things we don't see coming that mitigate demand.
Duffy Fischer: Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Moving on to your next question, we'll take Frank Mitsch from Fermium Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Frank Mitsch: If I could follow-up on that. Really appreciate slide 5, it gives us a good confidence level in terms of the snap back in most impacted, in the mixed impacted businesses, the resilient business looks like it is down 10% year-over-year in July. In the text, you suggested a moderation in that area as consumers go back to a new normal. Can you elaborate on that? And perhaps offer thoughts on when that moderation may be over and what you're seeing, what your order books are seeing in August?
Mark Costa: Sure. Frank, and thanks for the question. As far as the resilient markets go, obviously some of those markets had a real benefit from the people stocking up for COVID from grocery stores and things like that or care chemicals, same type of product. So packaging care chemicals did well. And there were some people buying some product ahead of time, because they're worried about security of supply and want to make sure that enough inventory they had to run their operations. So you saw a little bit of that going on in some of these resilient markets. The -- and really what we see is demand coming off in some of those cases to what we call more normal than sort of that additional buying. So that's part of the story and some of those sort of packaging consumer markets that we all talk about and read about. You also just remember, there is a seasonal trend down in volume from 2Q to 3Q in some markets like ag, right? So some of this volume is coming off because those markets just naturally seasonally come off sequentially from 2Q to 3Q. So you got those dynamics going on. I wouldn't say there's anything more dramatic than that. The only other place, I can think of is, in medical, we had very high value product in Advanced Materials where people were buying to make sure that inventory then elective surgeries obviously didn't play out as well; so some of the demand of those products wasn't as great as they expected. And so there is some of that destocking going on, but I think the -- from a timing point of view, frank it's this months, July-August is where people are sort of adjusting their inventories. I don't think it extends through the rest of the year as far as some of that volume adjustment goes and we just sort of level back out to more normal these end markets. But we're not, we're not seeing a steady decline for a long period of time.
Frank Mitsch: That's -- that's very helpful. And one of the -- one of the key focuses of the quote new better Eastman is innovation and I -- these are obviously not normal times. But what might be helpful, when people talk about innovation is providing some metrics around that, in terms of the pace of progress, and that you're making in that regard. Is there any -- is there any way that you can provide some quantification on the -- on the innovation front.
Mark Costa: Well, I think that the key metric we've been using with you in the past is one will continue to use in the future. Just not as useful at the moment. And that's the amount of new business revenue we close from innovation products, right. So, we have a very detailed tracking system with our digital tools on every business we win, whether it was innovation related or just good market segmentation strategy or just transactional, as well as you know why we lose every bit of business and what we can do about it. And so on, we've been driving towards $500 million number this year on new business from innovation and we are well on track to hit it even with the trade war last year where we delivered a very good number. But obviously, this year we're not going to get to that $500 million number when everyone has been sheltered in place for a good period of time. What is encouraging is, we see people stay highly engaged. We've had a number of wins in the circular economy looks like H&M, as I mentioned earlier with the story, we told the prepared remarks around Tritan Renew in the hydration area with Nalgene [ph] coming back and a bunch of other brands that are coming on board with that, recycled content offer that is so important to that customer segment that buys those kind of hydration vessels. So we are seeing good wins, but there is also a lot of places where virtually, we're still working with our customers on coating additives and tire additives, odor-free adhesives, the next generation of HUD and acoustic interlayers that we're launching. There is activity in every place where people are still working their innovation agendas, which is the only way you grow out of this and create your own growth. But we're not going to have -- we're not going to get to the $500 million in this context, but I do expect with the activity we're seeing that will snap to it pretty quickly once we get into recovery mode and people can meet us interacting with each other, physically.
Frank Mitsch: Terrific. Thanks so much.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Jeff Zekauskas from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open. Thanks very much.
Jeff Zekauskas: Your Fluids business, I think in 2019 was $460 million in revenues. How much of that is aviation fluid? And how much is the aviation fluid down or what do you expect it to be down this year?
Mark Costa: So when I look at the fluids business, Jeff. I'd say it's about half and half and clearly, the aviation side of the portfolio which is very high margin business is down dramatically consistent with the milestone of airplanes. We are very sort of milestone driven with that business. And so it's going to recover slowly, when it comes to the other side, I want to highlight, the heat transfer fluids business is actually doing great and actually going to deliver growth this year over last year. So one of the bright spots in the two-thirds of AFP in addition to care chemicals and pharma and packaging and even residential architectural businesses. We got a lot of growth going on in a number of those businesses. That's held in fairly well.
Jeff Zekauskas: And secondly, you talked a lot about cost achievements, but as best as I can tell, SG&A was down $10 million in the quarter, which is about 6%, and your sales were down, I don't know 19%. Why isn't SG&A down more? Do you have an SG&A target in terms of cost reductions?
William McLain: Jeff, this is Willie. What I would highlight to is, if you think about the $150 million, we're going to get roughly, $100 million of that, I'll call it manufacturing cost line, roughly $50 million through the SGA/R&D [ph] line. As you've seen from Q1 to Q2, we've got some, I'll call it variable compensation plans that are linked to market based and with the recovery and the stock market that occurred in Q2, that basically offset the cost savings within the quarter.
Jeff Zekauskas: How much was that? How much got offset?
William McLain: So, the way I think about that, roughly it is about the $10 million range. 
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Moving on to our next question, we will take David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Mark, can you discuss trends and raw materials, what you saw in Q2 and what you were expecting in the back half of the year?
Mark Costa: Sure. Good morning, Dave. So, the raw material trends, as you think about it, obviously have come off in first quarter and second quarter. And it's actually helpful to think about raw material trends, you know, are back to the third quarter of 2018, right? So, you know, with the trade war, we saw, you know, the price of our petrochemical derivatives that we're buying, for example, come off a lot last year faster than oil did. So, even though oil came off a lot this year, many of the derivatives of oil had already come off pretty substantially. A big part of the raw material trend from all of this, you know, happened last year as opposed to this year. But we certainly have seen some benefits in raw materials, you know, in the first half of this year as we look to the second half of the year, you know, as some raws [ph], I think, are expected to stay relatively flat or moderated, if you look at like paraxylene [ph]. But then you've got other places like you saw already in the second quarter where propane, you know, moved up pretty dramatically and PGP didn't. So, you've got things moving around a lot of different directions. We're now expecting a huge raw material headwind as we look at the back half of the year. Our forecasting and plans assume that there's going to be some increase in some of those raw material costs. But we have a bunch of, you know, plans in place and like in chemical intermediates, we're moving prices up already consistent with the raw material environment to stay on track. But we think we're in good shape as far as spreads go when it comes to the back half of the year.
David Begleiter: Very good, and can you just discuss cap allocation priorities in the back half of the year? And some buybacks in Q1, Q2 and discuss buybacks versus their reduction as well as other actions.
Mark Costa: Thanks, David, for the question. Obviously, first and foremost, we are focused on our strong and solid dividend being the first priority. Also, as we've highlighted, you know, expecting to pay back greater than $600 million of our net debt down almost $200 million in the first half. We would expect that to grow to roughly greater than $600 million in the back half. And we've paused the share buybacks until we meet those objectives. And as we look into 2021 with growth and recovery, we'll re-evaluate the pace at which we do that.
David Begleiter: Thank you very much.
Operator: We will now take our next question from [indiscernible]. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Hi, Good morning. Mark, can you discuss your intermediate business in some products like glycols? You already had new capacity before the pandemic started and then, you know, there was a weak -- acid base was weak also for you. So, can you just discuss what happened and then outlook for second half?
Mark Costa: Sure. So, you know, obviously, you know, in an environment where demand drops significantly relative to capacity available in chemical intermediates products, you know, the prices are going to fall or rise, which is predominantly what we've seen. The only place where we've really seen you know, material, you know, spread compression, you know, due to competitive activities is you know, in this disconnect we saw in the second quarter between propane and propylene and that really resulted in some challenging raw material cost in the market that sets the price in the marketplace, which is PGP, obviously didn't go up and went down. And that was a tough combination. Fortunately, we've already seen that corrected back to a more normal relationship through July and the beginning of August here where PGP has gone up dramatically or propane has been sort of holding steady. So we feel good about how that's corrected already into this quarter. On the acid fuel side, we've seen some compression, obviously, as oil prices and methanol that's priced the marketplace comes off. We feel some of that compression relative to our cost structure which is principally based on coal. So those are the places where we're seeing some of the pressure but spreads overall have been relatively good; so that's not the story. As you can see in our revenue table, the bigger impact for us has been volume as opposed to price on the first half basis where you've really especially in second quarter, it had that impact on COVID related demand not being there and some of the export markets that we would normally clear capacity, not being as available when oil prices drop so much. Generally, that's not a high margin business for us but still it has a significant impact on the volume and that contribution margin comes in to pay for some of the integrated fixed costs to the overall complex. So those are really the key stories there. I think they're all due to extraordinary circumstances in the second quarter, a lot of this will continue into the third quarter, but no reason this won't recover as we go into next year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And my second question is on the charge that you took in tire additives was quite a large charge of $228 million in that segment. What triggered that? Is that due to low utilization, and then what happens when volumes come back next year?
William McLain: Sure PJ. This is Willie. So as you think about the impacts that COVID has had on the transportation market more broadly, as well as the impact on utilization which you've highlighted, we have to assess the value of certain businesses and specifically tire additives. So the biggest piece of the impairment was related to, I'll call it the trade names Chris Tex, and Zanaflex. And that's related to a revenue outlook as you look at valuing those on a royalty basis. As the revenue outlook is much deteriorated that the starting point of where we're valuing this, as well as the rates being lower resulted in the impairment that you see. Obviously, with accounting, once you write it off, you don't get the run it back on when things recover.
Mark Costa: Is a great part of accounting, which is we've dramatically improved the value of businesses like performance films interlayers from what we bought it, but you don't get to write up the asset values, but you have to take the impairments wherever this kind of issues occur.
Unidentified Analyst: Right, you're not alone in taking these charges this quarter. But does that mean that margins look better next year when volumes come back? Thank you.
William McLain: PJ, I think as we've highlighted through this if you take roughly half of the $140 million across the company $70 million of that was due to the current utilization impacts across the company and that will result in a tailwind at even flat volumes. So as we think about growing volumes next year in recovery, holding costs flat, this will result in good momentum as we go into 2021.
Mark Costa: Specific to tires we're actually seeing a strong recovery in volumes into the third quarter so that's one of -- when you look at that line on Page 5 about volume recovering back. A big part of the snapback in that volume is actually in tires. The competitive dynamics are still there so pricing isn't going to improve for some period of time, but the volume is really starting to come back.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from John Roberts from UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
John Roberts: Thank you. It used to be that cig tow held up well in a recession because people smoke more when they're under stress. It was down a little in the third quarter. It looks like the outlook is to be down a little bit further. How comfortable are you that this is just water patterns or that maybe there's something else going on here?
Mark Costa: So we don't have any evidence that there's something else going on, John. As you said, it was incredibly stable in the 2008, 2009 recession. There is a general trend where the market is always sort of declining in that 2% to 3% range as we've said in the past, and we expect that to be the story this year. There's a lot of different stories out there at the moment that are all sort of breaking in the last couple of weeks where different cigarette companies are doing well and others are not doing well. So you really have to get in the details of what's going behind each of those companies. But overall, when we put it all together, we think market demand is declining that 2% to 3% range outside of China. China, the data suggests it's stable to sort of up maybe 2% which is about half of the cigarette demand of the world. So that's all sort of put together in the market outlook. When it comes to customer buying patterns as we have discussed many times in the past, it is a bit as we call it chunky, and what we saw is good demand, obviously, in the first quarter as well as good demand in the second quarter. Some of that was buying some incremental tow for security reasons, with all the uncertainty of COVID. And that's why we expect volumes to trend off modestly as we go into the third quarter, but overall we still view this as tow is very stable especially with the cost actions we're taking at the earnings and cash flow level. On the textile side, of course, which has been growing offset some of this underlying market decline on tow. We're not going to get that this year with the textile market being so challenged. It doesn't give us any concern for the long term. I think textiles is an incredibly exciting opportunity for us, especially now with the circular economy as I answered in the first question. Really see a lot of opportunities to grow in the target markets, right. So if you think about women's wear down about 15% year-over-year in the first half of the year, versus market of 30%. As I said, when we look at the forecast for this quarter, probably a 40% sequential improvement off of the second quarter in women's wear; the problem right now is some of the traditional markets that we've gone into like suit linings obviously not much demand for those right now in this environment as everyone's working virtually. And so that's offsetting some of those, but that will correct itself and we expect good growth out of that in next year as a way to continue filling the assets and levering the integrated complex up.
John Roberts: Then are you having any issues getting recycled material for your gasification process and is pricing for green material issue now that virgin raw material is cheaper or virgin materials are cheaper?
Mark Costa: Yes, it is a very complicated market when you look at recycled content and we are doing our best to segment it. What's great about our strategy is molecular recycling does not require high-quality recycled content. We can use a product that has no other use. So we can take carpet, we can take textiles, we can take plastic that cannot be used in mechanical recycling and grind it up and use it in the methanol analysis plan for polyester recycling. So we don't have to compete against that high-quality stuff and the price there is going up a lot; significantly higher than virgin PET in Europe right now, last year almost 60%. But we don't have to compete with that. There's a little bit of that we'll buy in the beginning, but we can really access what is truly has no alternative use that's going into landfill.
Operator: We know take our next question from Mike Sison from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Mike Sison: Hey, guys. Good morning. Just curious how you think about the fourth quarter and I know it's a lot of variables there. But can you get sequential improvement in earnings again? You do have cost savings, pick up some of the inventory reductions, but clearly the question is what you're hearing from your customers? Do we see a normal, seasonal downtick in the fourth quarter? Is it possible that we can continue to improve sequentially? So, just curious on your thoughts there on the fourth quarter.
Mark Costa: I think that the fourth quarter is awfully difficult to call at this point with all the uncertainties of what's going to happen with COVID, the election et cetera. But what I do think will happen is there'll be some markets where you'll have just normal seasonal decline demand like construction activity in the winter but I don't think you're going to see the same kind of inventory destocking that you've seen in the past because we've all been doing it pretty aggressively in the second quarter and in the third quarter so I think you avoid that relative to what happened last year. And if people are looking at next year and the economy is looking positive, you're going to actually probably having some people start building inventory to serve that demand as they go into the first quarter. So I couldn't pretend to know how all those are going to balance together. I know that we've managed our inventory aggressively in the second and third quarters so we're not going to be doing much destocking in the fourth quarter. So that's certainly going to help not just where we go with inventory, but also asset utilization will continue to get better as we go from 3Q to 4Q. So I think we'll have some benefits on the cost structure side, both and asset utilization getting better as well as the cost actions we're taking. Demand could be a bit better than you might think. We look at it as sequential improvement from 3Q; I'm not sure we can get all the way back to 4Q of last year but somewhere in that range seems feasible. But I got to emphasize, we're not giving guidance for the year for a reason which is we have no idea what fourth quarter will look like at this stage, no one does.
Mike Sison: Understood. And then one quick one on the inventory reduction; $140 million number that was reduced by EBIT. I think you said that you got $70 million or half back on flat volume; what volume level did you get it all back in '21?
William McLain: Yes. So the way I think about that Mike is, basically you've got to get back to 2019 levels as we think about fully absorbing all of that. Because at the end of the day, what we did is we pulled in fixed costs from 2019 inventory levels into the P&L here in 2020 as we've reduced it.
Mark Costa: And we used the $140 million number for the year-over-year number when you think about 2021 versus 2020, not the $120 million sequential from 1Q to 2Q; so it's about half of that $140 million. You definitely get back with just flat volumes and then the rest is upside with volume growth.
Mike Sison: Understood, thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Alex Yefremov from Keybank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Alex Yefremov: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Based on what you saw in July and early August how are volumes tracking for the third quarter versus second quarter year-over-year basis for the company overall?
William McLain: I think as we had highlighted earlier, we've got good momentum. We had 8% growth from June to July. And we continue to see things in August to be roughly flat with July, which is, I would say, positive overall. Well, normally we would see a seasonal decline in August in Europe, but continued good momentum.
Alex Yefremov: Right. It's just hard to do the math because the base effect is so difficult than the second quarter and so maybe I'll try it a little bit differently. In your monthly volume slide, it appears to show that you were about down 12% year-over-year in July for corporate average. So that seems to be roughly in line with minus 13% that you posted for the second quarter on average. Am I looking at this correctly? And do you expect on a year-to-year basis, August and September to be better from a volume perspective than July?
William McLain: Alex, I think that's a reasonable assumption based on the momentum that we're seeing.
Alex Yefremov: Okay, thanks a lot.
Gregory Riddle: Let's make the next question the last one, please.
Operator: Sure, and that comes from Lawrence Alexander from Jeffries. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Lawrence Alexander: Good morning. Can you help on two things? In the markets where you are outgrowing the end markets because of innovation and better market relevance should we expect a slingshot effect where the volumes come back, you should have a multiplier on that or should we see the spread as being roughly stable in the recovery because it makes quite a difference in how we think about operating leverage over the next two, three years? And secondly, to the extent that the structural realignment that you're doing, to what extent should this be viewed as establishing a playbook so that future acquisitions will be integrated with a higher level of synergies upfront? Or is this a kind of one off geometry and we shouldn't read beyond that?
Mark Costa: I'll take the first part and let you take the second part, Willie. On the revenue side, we expect recovery, and as I said that the mix hit that we took on the way down was our highest value segments. The innovation we're driving also tend to have margins way above company average in all the different products we've launched. So as you see volume recovery come, that mix leverage is pretty significant. You'll see that in advanced materials this quarter and you've seen it for years in advanced materials. So we expect a lot of pretty high incremental margins in a recovery scenario, especially with the cost actions we've taken. So you don't have any fixed cost headwinds offsetting that variable margin growth, and you've got this utilization benefit we've identified. So I think we're feeling pretty good about how the earnings can come back in that scenario, but it requires economies to recover. We're not about to try and tell you when we think we're going to get back to 2019 or 2018 levels in this economy, but we certainly expect given what we know today 2021 to be better than 2020. When it comes to economy and demand and innovation, I think it's still key. You got markets where we've had incredible success innovation like performance films where we set a record in revenue in June in this very down automotive market; heads up display Triton, the circular economy, new coalescence and in architecture etcetera. We have a lot going on across all three segments, including fibers where we're creating our own growth despite the economic circumstances.
William McLain: On the synergy question, what I would say we were very pleased with the synergy levels that we achieved on our previous acquisitions with above I'll call it industry benchmark levels, but what I would say is obviously, we've gone through a trade war, we're going through a pandemic, and also on the digital front there are more solutions today than when we did those acquisitions. We continue to learn and we will apply those as we move forward and as we think about future acquisitions and portfolio changes.
Gregory Riddle: Okay, thanks again, everyone for joining us this morning. We appreciate your time. Hope you have a great day.
Operator: That concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-01 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Eastman Chemical First Quarter 2020 Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman's website, www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Company Chemical, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory Riddle: Okay. Thanks, Molly, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Willie McClain, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Jake LaRoe, Manager, Investor Relations. In case you missed it, yesterday after market close, in addition to our first quarter 2020 financial results news release and SEC 8-K filing, we posted slides and related prepared comments in the Investors section of our website, www.eastman.com. This is new for us, and I hope it's helpful to you. Now before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's first quarter 2020 financial results news release during this call, in the preceding slides and prepared remarks, and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-K filed for full year 2019 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for first quarter 2020. Second, earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain non-core and unusual items and used in adjusted effective tax rate using the forecasted tax rate for the full year. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded and adjusted items, are available in the first quarter financial results news release, which can be found on our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Costa: Thanks, Greg. Before we turn it over to your questions, I want to take a few minutes to make some comments. We all recognize that our world is facing unprecedented challenges right now. COVID-19 isn't like anything we've ever seen before. For those affected by the pandemic, I want to recognize how difficult this must be for what you're experiencing. So many are helping too in this difficult time, in the health care community, our first responders and government and local communities. And to them, I want to express my gratitude for helping keep us safe. As importantly, I want to thank the men and women of Eastman. It's been said that characters are revealed through adversity and Eastman team has demonstrated its character and risen to every challenge we've faced. We've come together in tremendous ways to keep everyone safe, all while keeping our operations going. I particularly want to thank our operators, our mechanics, our electricians and their families who've kept our plants running and get our products out to our customers every day. And to the many Eastman employees who are working from home or on site. Thank you for continuing to support our customers and keeping business going. So to you, my colleagues, at Eastman, thank you for your courage, your ingenuity, and your dedication. You're truly making an incredible difference in a material way. Turning to Q1. We had a strong first quarter in earnings and even more impressive free cash flow generation. This quarter demonstrates what Eastman can do when we have a day of sunlight between the trade war starting to moderate and COVID starting to escalate. Given all the uncertainty related to COVID-19, it's extremely difficult to predict financial results for 2020. So we are withdrawing our guidance. We did see some impact in the first quarter as we attribute a $20 million to $30 million EBIT decline to the impact of the pandemic. Our diverse end markets mitigated some of this. While we saw a substantial impact in transportation and textiles, we also saw stability in a number of our other markets. As we look forward, we expect to see increasing challenges in transportation, textiles and energy markets. We also see a number of markets providing stability, such as consumables, medical, personal care and ag. And there are markets where we expect a mixed impact, such as building construction, consumer durables and industrial chemicals. None of us can know what will actually happen with how we attempt to restart these economies across the globe. We can take some insight and hope from the recovery we're seeing in China. We are far from having insight in how North America and Europe will restart. We were able to continue to lead from a position of strength because our innovation-driven growth model and our operational discipline. The benefits, especially in this uncertain time, have never been clearer. We have a long track record of transforming our portfolio towards specialties. And within this portfolio, we have built an outstanding innovation capability as well as a decisive operational execution capability. Eastman has industry-leading cash flow, which we have taken aggressive actions to sustain in this current environment with a strong balance sheet and significant sources of liquidity. In addition, we have a proven track record in our specialty businesses of driving growth above end markets with our innovation-driven growth model. That said, in this incredibly uncertain time, we are focused on the actions we can control and are exceptionally well positioned to weather this environment. We are realizing stability from our diverse end markets and leveraging our strong customer engagement. We're taking significant cost actions, adjusting our operations to the current demand environment, significantly reducing discretionary spend and deferring some turnaround of assets. We're expecting strong free cash flow this year with working capital expected to be a source of greater than $250 million beyond previous expectations. We reduced our expectations of capital expenditures by approximately $100 million to a range of $325 million to $375 million. Finally, we will maintain our disciplined approach to capital allocation, with a focus on our strong dividend and a significant debt repayment program, which we now expect to be substantially greater than $400 million for the year. All in, we've made great progress strengthening the company, and you can see the evidence in the first quarter earnings and cash flow. With that, Willie and I are happy to take your questions. Operator, we're now ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you and good morning, everyone. I didn't see your prepared remarks, but I'm happy. I'm happy you're doing them, and I look forward to reading them in the future. I did just skim them. But with that said, Mark, I'm wondering if you can just talk a little bit. I saw in the slides, you talked about April being down 15% versus March, and it sounds like March was worse than the other two months of the first quarter. But maybe you could just contextualize April? How much it's down versus the overall first quarter?
Mark Costa: Sure. So as we said in the slide, we really try to provide some perspective across the markets and sort of grouped them into three categories, Vincent. And it's good to hear you and you sound healthy as well. There are - about 40% of our markets are quite stable and doing quite well, being relatively flat sequentially. And in those markets, you've got things like personal care, consumables, which is a range of things from packaging adhesives to packaging polyesters, et cetera. The medical pharma parts good, ag, nutrition. And all those markets are going to hold up relatively well in this. Then you've got somewhat challenged markets that are like building construction, consumer durables, electronics, industrial chemicals, where they're actually still also sequentially declining, as you can see in April, but we expect those to continue to sort of do relatively okay to the more impacted ones in transportation, textiles and energy. So there really are three things. That diversity of end markets, especially that 40% that gives us a stability in the world is incredibly helpful in this time. And we would expect that to sort of continue through the quarter. The - what we call mixed impact are a little bit harder to call. I think there's some of that, that's holding up well, like consumer durables, a lot of our innovation and Tritan and things like that are allowing us to create our own growth. So we're seeing stability from not just markets, but innovation in some of those applications. Architectural coatings is holding up really well as well as our architectural interlayers. But it's reasonable to expect some of that's going to moderate as existing projects might be completed, et cetera. But through Q2, I think it's going to be okay. The question is what happens longer-term to some new starts in housing. And then the real challenge, of course, is in transportation, which I think is extremely well documented, where you've got auto plants, tire plants shut down all over the world, fortunately, China coming back. But we track every tire plant, every auto OEM, every window plant down to the model and are mapping all that out. As you know, they're all shut down now. So the question is when are they going to start back up? And we see that recovery and that sequential improvement in China already, but obviously, U.S. and Europe is still a question mark. So we've been conservative. We've assumed that the auto OEM market's going to be down, from an OEM production point of view, be down 50% for the quarter, which is on the sort of more pessimistic end of the range of the consultants out there. And that's really to inform our production and inventory strategy as opposed to trying to say we can predict earnings at this point given the uncertainty. But - so we've been very aggressive in how we manage our plans for that. And we'll see how it recovers. So overall, I'd say April's a good indicator of the quarter. I think that we could expect it to be a bit more challenging in May as supply chain line catches up to us with a lot of these plants being shut down. And then we presume that, along with the consultants, that things will start back up to some degree. And so you'll see some of that benefit in June. Does that answer your question?
Vincent Andrews: Yes. So just to recap, it sounds like you're saying being down 15% in April, sequentially, it's probably about right. It'll be a little worse in May, and may be a little bit better in June. But if we think sequentially between 2Q and 1Q, we could think about your volumes being down. I'm just going to say 15% to 20%. Is that fair?
Mark Costa: I mean, I think that's a range to start with. I just really want to emphasize for everyone, no one knows what's going to happen here, right? I mean, there's just a phenomenal amount of uncertainty when we don't even know how the U.S. and Europe are going to restart yet. And there's a lot of questions that we have to answer that go with that. So we can get people back to work in a lot of companies, but it's really a question of what consumers are going to do, are they going to go back to restaurants? Back to their more - normal life activities? Travel? Shop in retail stores? Buy cars? We don't know how the consumer's going to behave coming out of this, which will then dictate when auto plant start up, when tire plants start up. Housing is going to play out when it comes to - they've got great DIY and projects that they're finishing in construction, but how many new starts are going to happen? So there's a lot of crystal ball gazing. I think April is informative, and it's one third of the quarter. But what we're going to do is be conservative, really focus on cash generation, manage what we can control. And we will give you updates through the quarter as we get more insight.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. Fair, enough. Ill pass along.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas, JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. How did you make so much money in Chemical Intermediates on a sequential basis? I think you were up over $8 million, maybe it was $20 and $20-ish million in the fourth quarter. And can you talk about the dynamics? What are you doing right there?
Mark Costa: Well, we have a great commercial team there that does things right every day and how it optimizes every market to place products at the best price possible and optimize our big engines that support our specialty businesses. You've got to remember, Chemical Intermediates role is clearing the excess capacity that isn't going into the specialties. And my hats off to that team in doing that. It's a dynamic time. We did have a very strong sequential improvement from Q4 to Q1. And it was really driven by four factors. The first was strong volume growth. So we saw strong improvement in ag, alkylamines, in - that market had been pretty depressed. There's a lot of destocking going on in the fourth quarter last year. The ag market came back to life. Those are high margin products for this segment. And so that was quite helpful. But we also saw strong demand in a lot of other markets, acetyls, plasticizers and a few others. So volume was the biggest driver of all the - of the levers that improved it. The second was a lack of shutdowns. So we had a huge shutdown going on in the third and fourth quarter last year. A lot of that expense was in the fourth quarter. So we didn't have that. So that was a $20 million benefit in itself from Q4 to Q1. The third was an improvement in spreads. So we got our spreads back to being about where they were in Q1 2019. So that was a bit of an improvement from Q4. Some of it was cracking spreads, got better in January and February. Unfortunately, they started to compress a bit in March, but we got the benefit of that. And the last part was the licensing. So we told you we had a sort of robust multiyear licensing program that we were driving in our fourth quarter call in January, and we got the first installment on one of those licenses in the first quarter. I'd say that was a smaller part of the story, but progress. There's more of that to come this year when we complete that license. And then we - as we've said, have a portfolio of licenses we're looking at doing as we go into the next couple of years. So it was just great success, Jeff, on sort of every line of the income statement and the assets ran well, utilization was good.
Jeff Zekauskas: How representative are those operating earnings for the remainder of the year? Or what are the headwinds or tailwinds that you foresee? And when you talked about April being down sequentially by 15% for the company as a whole, how much was April down year-over-year?
Mark Costa: Well, April, on a year-over-year basis, just to take that quick question first, was similar to sequential. And regards to the CI store, unfortunately, it's not going to hold up like it did in Q1. We do see some headwinds as we go into Q2. And the key components there, one is volume, different story, [indiscernible] continuing to hold up and be really strong. But with the COVID-19 impact, you certainly see markets slowing down. Our chemical needs do go into end markets that face these headwinds that we're talking about. So they're going to see that demand pressure on multiple markets. And in the current environment with the oil situation, a lot of what we would, sort of excess capacity, we would export to Asia after serving sort of North American, European markets, is to sort of run the assets totally full. Those markets - those export markets aren't as available. Asia still hasn't come really back to the life. Margins aren't great. So you got a bit of that - it's low margin volume, but some of that export volume that's sort of restricted in this current environment. So volume will be the - unfortunately, reverses outside of [indiscernible] means as being a bit of a headwind. And the second part is, you can run the models, and I know you have them, Jeff. Cracking spreads are a bit more challenged as we go into this quarter. And so we'll feel a bit of headwind from that. And then we'll - as we slow down the big engines due to decline in specialty business, we're going to have asset utilization headwind that occurs across the two big complexes in Longview and Kingsport and that higher sort of cost per unit with these lower rates will impact CI as well as specialty. So it will feel a bit of that. So you're going to see a meaningful decline with all those factors as we go into sort of Q2 with this business. I would note that oil is, on a corporate basis, neutral to positive, but it will have an impact on CI.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Frank Mitsch from Fermium Research. Please go ahead.
Frank Mitsch: Good morning, Greg, yes, the prepared remarks were helpful. And as I was reading the prepared remarks. On the cost reduction front, you had outlined that you were going to save $20 million to $40 million this year and $100 million over a 3-year period. That's been accelerated to $150 million this year. Can you talk about the buckets that, that falls into? How are you going to get at - how are you going to build up to that $150 million cost savings in 2020?
William McLain: Yes. Thanks, Frank. This is Willie, and I'll lead on that question. So as you think about - Mark's already highlighted how we're changing our operational footprint and becoming focused on cash here in late Q1 and planning to run that way for the rest of the year. Also, that enables us, I'll call it, to reduce the level of contractors on site. It also results in changing the scope of some of the maintenance, et cetera. Additionally, another key lens to that is discretionary spend. We have stopped travel, reduced consultants and third-party services as you think through that. So those are the key factors. Also, as you think about that, we did get some of that benefit in Q1. It was a small amount. We expect that to increase in Q2 to be about a third of the $150 million. And that third in Q2 will probably only partially offset the impact of our idling plants and reducing the operation rates, and then the remainder would be in the second half of the year.
Frank Mitsch: As I think - Willie, as I think about what you just said, it sounds like a lot of that is more transitory. At some point, you are going to have contractors back on site. You are going to travel, et cetera. So should we be thinking about this $150 million as kind of a 2020 reduction versus your previous plan? And then that will dissipate in 2021 and beyond?
William McLain: So Frank, for the second half of the year, we are going to be focused on improving the long-term structural cost of the company. And we highlighted that on our year-end conference call with a $20 million to $40 million. We're looking to accelerate that and transform the operational as well as our functional footprint for the long term. But you're correct. In the near term, we had pivoted the actions on the temporary front and made what has normally been fixed cost variable. And some of that will come back. But you have to remember, we have strong variable margins in our specialty product lines across Advanced Materials and AFP, and they will more than obviously offset that with those spreads.
Frank Mitsch: All right. Understood.
Mark Costa: Frank, just to add, we recognize that a good portion will come back. It's important to keep in mind if demand really doesn't come back much, we can extend these savings. For longer than what we've currently assumed to ride through even a more difficult time. On the flip side, I think we're learning a lot about how we can operate and be efficient in this work-from-home environment and there's different operating modes, so we're embedding that into our thinking about how to improve our long-term cost structure. And we're certainly escalating and accelerating what we intended to do on that $100 million-plus program to get more of that as we go into the back half of this year as well as next year. So there's a lot of actions we're taking to sustain through this second phase of activity, our cost. Key thing I want to emphasize, though, is none of what we're doing is cutting our innovation programs. So we are optimizing for this environment. We're very focused on cash, but we are also focused on making sure that we have a long-term strategy in place as we come out of this to have strengths, to create our own growth when the markets actually come back to life. Through innovation, continue to have that kind of engagement with customers. We're still actually getting a lot of engagement with customers today. On innovation, even in this sort of virtual environment, we've had a number of wins. We've even recycled Tritan content - product that we launched. We've already got three wins on that. Nalgene, Camelbak and a couple of other big brands have adopted. We're getting wins on our recycled cellulosics as we speak, two of the largest ophthalmic manufacturers have seen the power of a half bio content, half recycled content product for their offerings, continue to get wins in Tetrashield for can packaging and food where we've got just great chemical resistance and toughness and non-intent BPA. So good news is innovation is still live. We're still focusing on keeping those programs going, but we are very aggressively going after every other bit of cost.
Frank Mitsch: Very interesting. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Yefremov of Keybank. Please go ahead.
Alex Yefremov: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I would join everyone supporting the prepared remarks. Question on free cash flow. You have about $400 million in dividends. You said substantially more than $400 million in debt repayments, maybe another $50 million in buybacks. So can we say that kind of the floor for your free cash flow is about $850 million and it's really substantially more than $850 million this year?
Mark Costa: So yes, let me answer that question. We expected it. And I want to start a little bit just back on the market comment. So the - obviously, demand is unpredictable. That's why we pulled earnings guidance. And we are in the position to sort of understand what happened in April, but not know what's coming for the rest of the year. But we have to make some assumptions, and we are modeling scenarios like everyone else is doing different kinds of recovery out of the second quarter. We do believe the second quarter will be the toughest quarter with the complete shutdown of these global economies and the indication as we see it now, that people will start trying to come back to life through this quarter. I want to emphasize this diversity in markets is a huge help for us to maintain stability. The 40% that's very stable and even 35% that's sort of mixed is providing a lot of stability to offset the challenges that we have in that transportation, textile side. And there's a lot of uncertainty there. We do see price stability. So we saw great price stability in the first quarter. We expect price stability to continue into the second quarter in the specialties. So we are getting some benefits there from raw materials and would expect that to continue through the year. And as I said, low oil is sort of a neutral to positive event for the overall portfolio. So that's all what we know about the markets. In that great uncertainty, what we have to do is focus on what we can control. And so what we can control more so is a lot of our cash generation outside of cash earnings. And so we're doing everything we can to stay close to our customers, make sure we don't lose share, keep our innovation going so we - when the markets recover, we will cover with it. We've acted really quickly to idle all of our plants or campaign them or do - fuel utilization. We moved very quickly in March when we saw this was going to get worse outside of China with the COVID spread. So we really sort of ramped back raw material purchase and everything else in the plant so that we could take advantage of what demand does exist to pull inventory down, and we're doing a great job of that. So working capital $250 million, we think will been released. And with all the cost actions really described, $150 million on the cost side and about 40% of that will flow into the second quarter number on that $150 million and reducing CapEx $100 million. So lots of levers that we're pulling. And so when we look at that and run our scenarios, obviously, the dividend is our priority. We're going to pay that. It's a great strong dividend. It's been increasing for over a decade. And on the delevering, which is our focus, we do think we can do substantially more. And what that means to us, even in a very slow economic recovery, we believe we can do greater than $1 billion of free cash flow. And obviously, if the recovery is better than that, there's upside. So when we say substantial, it's substantial that we're going to make a lot of progress in our delevering. But people should not be using that to try and reverse engineer earnings. It's what we're trying to do on cash flow so things  and the levers that we can pull, we can pull even harder in inventory if we need to, we can pull harder on costs if we need to. But it's a cash-centric strategy that we're operating right now.
Alex Yefremov: Understood. Mark, very helpful. And just to follow-up on your margins, it's understandable that your volumes will affect your margins. But in terms of spread between price and raw materials, by the end of the year, should we expect that spread to be at a healthier level than, let's say, back half of 2019 or even first quarter? And related to that, if you could update us on your view on the methanol contract headwind this year?
Mark Costa: Sure. So I'll take the first part of that question, and I'll let Willie answer the contract question. So spreads in the specialties, we do expect to improve our spreads in Advanced Materials of the raw material tailwinds that we have there. With the two third of AFP as we sort of separate that out for you, we expect spreads to improve with good price stability relative to the raw material declines. And so in all those areas, I think we see that Fibers, very steady spreads for the year. All that is, I think, a place where we can get some additional cash and earnings benefit. The third of AFP, I'd say, the tires adhesives, it's going to be more stable spreads, but at the challenged levels we had in the back half of last year. We don't see it getting a lot worse this year relative to the second half of 2019, but we don't expect it to get a lot better given the sort of competitive dynamics in that spot. And in Chemical Intermediates, as I said, we've got some challenges there on spreads. Something important to note about this oil topic is our crackers and the spreads there are a little bit different than other companies'. So it's not nearly as challenged at this point as it was in the past. So '10 to 2016, we had a huge tailwind when oil went up and we had stranded gas in the U.S. that let ethane and propylene also be stranded and really cheap. You got to remember, our crackers are propylene centric because that's what we make specialties from. That's why they exist. So we're much more propane-based in our crackers. And we - on top of that, we made the RGP investment to even further reduce the amount of ethylene we produce, replacing some of the NGL feeds with RGP. So that changed the dynamic. So we're now 70% to 75% propane, 20% to 25% ethane, the remainder 5% to 10% is RGP. And propane isn't stranded anymore, right? So it stranded up through about 2016, but they added so much export capacity to export propane. That's now reconnected to the oil market. So propane propylene spreads are a lot more connected than ethylene to ethane. And RGP is very tightly correlated to PGP. So the volatility still is going to be a challenger, but it's not nearly the challenge that we would have faced back in 2015 and 2016, as an example with its low oil now. So we have some spread. It's more about competitive intensity than it is about cracking spread that's going to sort of pressure some of these margins in this competitive environment. But spread will be a challenge in CI. But net, when you put it all together, we're in really good shape on spread to sort of be a bit better this year than last year.
William McLain: Okay. Mark, on the methanol front, just to follow-up quickly, is we made the transition, as we highlighted in January. We had marked that contract to market. So I would actually say it's actually a slight tailwind on earnings and a modest headwind on cash overall. But we're exposed to coal-based methanol as well as natural gas and market. So well positioned on the methanol front.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from David Begleiter of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
David Begleiter: Good morning. Mark, just looking at Q2, thinking about - how should we think about decremental margins in the specialty businesses given the asset utilization headwinds you've called out here?
Mark Costa: I'm going to let Willie take that one.
William McLain: Yes. Thanks, David. On the decremental margin front, we've highlighted the fact that we've idled plants, we're lowering capacity utilization. And that - a lot of that is focused on our transportation, textiles and energy end markets, and that is predominantly in Advanced Materials and Additives & Functional Products. And as you think about AM, we've previously talked about how the margins have shown through as the specialty and premium products have grown. And that's because of the fixed cost leverage as they've been able to grow. So you can expect a little bit of the reverse here in Q2 as we focus on maximizing cash generation and reducing cost in this environment. However, you should expect on the recovery that as the demand recovers for these businesses that - then it would bounce back. A little bit of contrast between AM and AFP is the fact that Advanced Materials has idled more plants, whereas Additives & Functional Products has slowed those down. Additionally, given the specialty nature and the linkage across the streams, there are more fixed cost to - and capital involved in those specialty product lines that result in the decremental margins and fixed costs being worse. When those variable margins come back, the reverse is true, and we would expect to see that in the second half of the year.
David Begleiter: Got it. And Mark, just on this - I'm sorry.
Mark Costa: Go ahead.
David Begleiter: Yes, just on the strategic alternatives process, that third of ASP that you highlighted back in October, any update or progress you made on that initiative?
William McLain: Yes, David, let me go first, and Mark can follow-on. We had several interested parties pre the COVID environment, but it's difficult to get a transaction done now. And obviously, we need to focus on the earnings impact of this event. We are also focused on restructuring these businesses right now and continuing to evaluate our manufacturing footprint in these businesses, and we'll have decisions soon on those. Additionally, we're taking cost out such that on the other side of the COVID environment, we can focus on other strategic actions that we can take with these businesses.
Mark Costa: So I think that's not exactly a surprise that we'd be sort of challenged from a process point of view. The thing I want to add beyond just the restructuring activities, and we intend to be aggressive there and hopefully make some decisions here soon about our asset footprint, the innovation is actually very attractive to potential interested parties and actually going quite well. So our new Crystex that is far superior to the competitors' in the marketplace, is getting a lot of adoption more than we thought. That's one plant that's actually running well right now in this tire environment. In fact, we've had to increase rates there because of the demand for it. So that's helpful and encouraging. Obviously, the overall market is extremely difficult in tires. But it's good to see that the innovation still is attracting attention and adoption, and it's at a better price. Same is true in tire resins. We've been launching and trying to validate a new set of differentiated tire resins. And we've virtually, once again, had progress innovation-wise in verifying and validating that with a couple of big MNCs seeing the value and wanting to move forward to those programs. And even over in adhesives, our new UltraPure, sort odor-free, VOC-free resin is getting a lot of adoption right now even in the context. So the innovation's important. It's all part of restructuring the business and improving it while we have it as well as making it more valuable to other people. So we're just going to have to get through this short-term environment.
David Begleiter: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from PJ Juvekar of Citi. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Eric Petrie: Good morning, Mark, it's Eric Petrie on for PJ. How much did your premium products and Advanced Materials grow in first quarter? Or were there destocking actions by auto OEMs for interlayers as well as head up displays?
Mark Costa: Yes. So it's a bit of a split story between auto and the rest of the business. So the two thirds of the revenue, [indiscernible] is only one third of the revenue of Advanced Materials, did really well. So we had strong engagement, volume growth in a lot of different applications, especially in that more stable category we gave you in the slide. So packaging that's inside of consumables did really well. We had decent, very strong, stable medical. It's important to think about in advanced materials that well, the one third automotive is a big part of our earnings. The second largest market is consumer durables that actually held up well because of Tritan continued to create its own growth. So that's actually been reasonably good. The third largest market for this business is medical, very stable, very profitable and doing well. The fourth market is these consumables, I mentioned, stable. Fifth is architectural, even there, holding up relatively well. So all of that's gone fairly well and why you saw earnings be up and stable. Automotive, which is a very high margin part of our portfolio in the entire company, whether it's AFP or AM, obviously, we saw good demand. Actually, we saw good demand in January and February. And then, obviously, demand came off with the escalation of COVID in March. That is that $15 million to $20 million of EBIT headwind we called out was really sort of transportation related, and it was really March related. So we felt that impact on the demand there. So overall, it's holding up pretty well, except for transportation. And prices held up well. Raws came in to be quite a benefit for the quarter. And the asset utilization was, in general, pretty good in the first quarter. We haven't really seen the impact of asset utilization in this business until we get to the second quarter.
Eric Petrie: Helpful. And then secondly, some paints and coatings companies are guiding volumes down for second quarter by one third. Are you expecting similar declines?
Mark Costa: So in automotive coatings, we would expect to see a pretty dramatic decline, as you saw. We're assuming OEM production is going to be down 50% sequentially. So automotive coatings's going to track that and be quite a large headwind. On the other side, architectural coatings seem to be holding up a lot better based on what we're seeing and what I heard the coating customers that we have, say, earlier this week. So I think that number you're quoting is a bit of a blended number. We have two markets that have very different sort of tracks between architecture and OEM - auto OEM.
Eric Petrie: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Duffy Fisher from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Duffy Fisher: Yes, good morning. Within your AFP segment and AM segments, can you walk through the products where your competitors would base their chemicals off of oil? And so even if they have kind of lesser quality products, maybe with this lower oil environment they will push harder on price?
Mark Costa: Sure. So Advanced Materials, oil is sort of - ultimately drives a lot of the raw material costs for pretty much the entire segment outside of the cellulosic products, Duffy. And so in that area, you have that potential. So far, we've seen great price stability through all last year, right? Paraxylene was a tailwind all last year. Prices have been holding up relatively well. Starting to give some back. To be clear, as we've said in many calls in the past, you don't hold on to all of it, right? You've got to treat your customers with respect and share some of the raw material value, and we're going to do that. But still, net, I think it's going to hold up quite well from what we can see. And things like Tritan, where we're the only competitor in the world, we've got a lot of control over pricing. On the auto-related markets. Interlayers is annual contracts. So those prices got established last year. So they don't have a lot of movement to them when it comes to raw materials within the year. And then in performance films, it's also very price stable. They - it's a consumer product, and our prices are pretty stable there. The value that we present in performance films is not remotely connected to raw materials. So overall, I'd say that segment, it's going to have some prices come down a bit this year with raws, but hold up really well. In AFP, if you go to the two third of AFP that we called out. So coatings, specialty fluids, Care Chemicals, crop, et cetera, that's actually going to have pretty good price stability, has had good price ability through last year and expect it to continue to have really good price stability this year. There are some cost pass-through contracts in Care Chemicals and coatings that we'll pass on some of those raws, but the spreads will be stable, which is in the end, all we want from a long-term point of view. But you'll see some of that impact. That's about 2% of the 6% for the overall segment as those cost pass-through contracts for the first quarter, as an example. We will see some increased price competitive behavior in adhesives and tires in the one third, but that's also sort of stabilized. They got very competitive by the back end of last year. And I don't think spreads are going to compress a lot more from that to this year. So overall, I'd say we're in pretty good shape Duffy, to either neutral or improving, even in this environment. And that portfolio, Fibers, is totally different, as you know, where those prices at 1% down will be that for the year. And in CI, I think I've already addressed.
Duffy Fisher: Sure. Okay. Great. And then I think it was in your prepared remarks, you made a comment where you thought transportation demand - I don't know if you said it was going to be stronger or less bad than tire in aerospace. So is that a call on kind of those markets? Or is there some inventory in those different segments that may skew that how it hits your business? But can you just talk through why you think transportation will be stronger than tires in aerospace?
Mark Costa: So when we say transportation, Duffy, it's all 3. Right. So when we talk about transportation, and in any reference, it's always autos, tires and aviation. So all three are in that comment about being a very challenged market. What I'd say is, tires and aviation is more challenged than auto OEM. So you can go get the external data, but obviously, no ones's flying right now. And I think the rate of people flying is going to come back slower than the rate of people buying cars. And because initially [indiscernible] cars, by the way, that could be an upside here is who wants to get in mass transit right now. We could see more cars sold on the back end of this thing as people shift their behavior towards being in their own car versus mass transit. We're not baking that into our forecasting, but it might be an upside. But tires is - demand's very much off. It's not just the OEM side, but the refinish side - the replacement tire side is obviously off because no one's driving. And so net, that overall segment is what you see 40% down is all of that rolled together.
Duffy Fisher: Great. Thank you, guys so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew DeYoe of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Matthew DeYoe: Morning, gentlemen. Glad to hear you're doing well. It's a little hard to believe it was only a couple - maybe two months ago or so we were at [indiscernible] but I wanted to touch a little bit on Frank's prior question. You had mentioned the second half of the year, you're looking for more of the structural savings. And so if we think about the cadence of those stickier savings as we move through 2021, 2022, can you talk a little bit about that? Is it still perhaps $100 million in structural costs? Is that larger now? Would an eventual announcement on asset footprint optimization be included in those numbers? Is that upside?
Mark Costa: Sure. So the $150 million, obviously, a lot of it is connected to demand. And by the way, you'll be very happy if that temporary cost relief comes back because it's going to come back with revenue that has very high variable margin to pay for it. So we'll be celebrating those temporary costs coming off. The - but the structural side, I think, is what we said. So we have a lot of work going on, an extensive, comprehensive program on an operational transformation project to look at every element of how we operate from supply chain, manufacturing, inventory management, et cetera, to take out significant costs, that analysis. And work going on is discovering more opportunity than we expected, and we'll give you more insight on that as we refine it. So we're excited about that, and that will allow us to escalate and increase that $100 million as our long-term goal as well to get some more of it into the back half of this year that would annualize into a real helpful benefit for next year. It does include asset rationalizations. And we told you we're going to address our Singapore plant, where that has material benefit. Obviously, with the tire situation, we're looking at optimizing our tire footprint, asset footprint, and we'll make some decisions around that. So it is a combination of better maintenance, better network optimization, better supply chain management, more efficient operations as well as asset rationalizations, pulling every lever we got. And we're going to look at SGA too and figure out how we take our business operating model that's really working phenomenally well and how we've built and developed that over the last couple of years in improving how we operate, make commercial and operating decisions today. And see if we can - that will enable some efficiencies. Something else I'd note just on the back half of this year. It's important to keep in mind that as we're running our plants and something that Willie said about idling a bunch of facilities or severely reducing their run rates. That changes cost from going from into inventory and flowing out to being a period expense. So in the second quarter, you're going to see a pretty significant hit on period expense of conversion costs that will be sort of charged in the quarter as opposed to flow normally. So that will hit Q2, but it becomes a mere image benefit in the second half of this year because our total conversion cost for the year is going to be down with all the actions we're taking. But the timing of when it shows up by quarter is going to be very different than any other year because so much - it's going to sort of aggregated into the second quarter. So even on a second half basis, we've got that 60% of the $150 million coming in. We're also going to have this period charge sort of, if you will, reversing because it's no longer in inventory. So as long as demand comes back at some level in the back half of the year versus Q2, you're going to see that benefit. So there's a number of things that help the back end that's just cost accounting on top of all the actual actions we're taking to reduce cost that you got to keep in mind.
Matthew DeYoe: That's helpful. And I guess, if I can find one more in. You mentioned you're the only producer of Tritan, which is frankly the case, but the product does compete against polycarbonate and SAN. And the other 2, I would imagine, we're seeing some pretty significant price deflation. So does the value proposition of Tritan change at all here? Does that possibly limit growth on the back end as we move out of this and Tritan and maybe has the higher product price versus peers than before?
Mark Costa: Yes. So Tritan wins in the marketplace for - historically for two reasons, and now it has a third. So historically, we launched it into specific applications where we actually had better product performance in the sort of normal functional way. So better chemical resistance, better performance in these houseware applications and medical applications then polycarbonate as a starting point. Then, of course, BPA became an issue. So we picked up a lot of share and a lot of stability in our pricing because we have BPA free and polycarbonate's not. So that helped a lot and has allowed us not really - we don't really compete against polycarbonate anymore in the applications we're in. San is out there, but it's brittle breaks if you drop it, it doesn't have the toughness at all compared to what we do. So it's a real downgrade. If you want to go that product. And now people are starting to - especially in Europe, as a leading indicator, really starting to worry about styrene. So we're getting a lot of conversations from brands that they want styrene-free solutions. So that's also helping us. And then the third thing we've added that I think is going to be very significant for the entire portfolio in specialty plastics is recycled content, whether it's Tritan or sort of - or other really core copolyesters or even a cellulosic, we now have the ability to add recycled content through chemical recycling, which means I can put recycled content all these products and no compromise in performance whatsoever. It's identical product, just has recycled content. So we're already getting wins, as I mentioned earlier. So that's adding a whole another level of differentiation and value to sort of taking plastic out of the environment, and truly offering circular solutions where we can actually take back products from cosmetics or hydration vessels or any other source and loop it straight back into that same product even on textiles over in fiber. So lot on going to help us continue our differentiation.
Matthew DeYoe: Is there a market price premium? Are you catching that price premium on recycled content? Are you finding that people are willing to pay up for it?
Mark Costa: We're not going to discuss that right now. That's a customer by customer basis. But there is a value to this that - and a cost to this. And we're confident that our spreads will be equal to or better than our current spreads.
Matthew DeYoe: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you our next question comes from Kevin McCarthy of Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, good morning. A couple of questions on chemical intermediates. Mark, I was wondering if you could expand a bit on your licensing activities. Last quarter, you had discussed some ethylene glycol market opportunities in-licensing. Was that the source of the revenue in the first quarter how much of a benefit did you have? And what does it look like for the balance of the year relative to the magnitude of the first quarter contribution? Thanks.
Mark Costa: So I'll let Willie take this one.
William McLain: Yes. Thanks, Kevin. So as you think about what we said in January, we said we would get licensing revenue of roughly $25 million to $50 million over a 3- year period. I would say this first installment is a modest amount that we see on this. And we would expect potentially more in the second half of the year as we hit additional milestones. But you can think about it as being, I'll call it, a little bit less than the $25 million on the low end.
Kevin McCarthy: Okay. And then with regard to volume in chemical intermediates, Mark, I think you called out four different factors there. One of them was strong volumes in ag. I was curious about your volumes in oxo alcohol. Did you see any sort of a boost from isopropanol into sanitizers or sort of COVID related demand there? Or is that too small to matter in your mix?
Mark Costa: I would call it too small a matter. I mean, there are certainly some boosts in the propanol area. We see demand holding up relatively well in some of these stable markets. And so CI, where their products are going into those stable markets are benefiting from it. But I wouldn't call it significant offset. The real benefits we're seeing on the positive side the COVID-19 crisis is more in parts of specialty plastics, where we're going into face shields and the barriers, the grocery store, if you see those plastic barriers up between the checkout person and the consumer, that's our heavy gate sheet that goes into those applications. So you're seeing a lot of strong growth in some of that. Medical is obviously doing relatively well. Pharma, et cetera. so there are places where we certainly see some benefits in that stable section of what we called out on that market map. But more and smaller amount in AFP.
Kevin McCarthy: Appreciate the color. Be well.
Mark Costa: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Blair of Tudor Hold. Please go ahead.
Matthew Blair: Good morning. I'm glad to hear everyone is safe. We think of Eastman as having a lot of connections to propylene, both on the commodity side as well as specialty side of your business. Given that refineries are a key source of propylene, could you talk about what impact, I guess, if any, you would expect lower global refinery run rates would have on Eastman here?
Mark Costa: Yes. So we expect the reduced rates on the refineries to help maintain a better PGP price. But it's like the price of oil, the demand is off to such a degree. It's a little hard to figure that out yet here in the second quarter. But we do see PGP holding up relatively well compared to ethylene by a significant amount. And that spread, therefore, to propane is holding up reasonably well. So that's helping. But I wouldn't - I don't think it's going to cause a spike up in propylene at this point given where overall macroeconomic demand is.
Matthew Blair: And then I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about the dynamics in tires. Previously, you've highlighted your exposure to areas like commercial in replacement rather than OEM. And based on the March data, it looks like replacement is holding in better than OEM. So I just want to clarify, is that is that reversing as you head into Q2 where these replacement tire markets are softening more than OEM?
Mark Costa: Well, I think there I think the expectation of our tire customers is that they're both softening, everything is soft, right? So what you've seen higher plants do, we serve the vast majority of them across the globe, given our market position in Crystex, and PPDs. So we have a pretty good visibility. And when we track by line, by plant, you got about 90% of them shut down in April in the U.S. and Europe. Obviously, they're starting to come back to life in China, but it's like OEMS, I mean, they're shut down. It's a combination of destocking their channel, like we're all doing to focus on cash generation as well as uncertainty demand if people are driving if there's limited commercial activity. There's going to be just less replacement tires needed here in the short term, people are going to run with what they've got, especially in this period of shelter in place. So I think they're adjusting to that. There's a few plants that are starting to turn back on now. Seeing that in a few places, but we're far from seeing them all come back to life. But I do think the replacement business, for sure, is going to be more stable than OEM in a normal time or even in a sort of normal recessionary time. But what we're in right now is just nothing like anything we've seen before. It's not like a recession, right? Everything light just went off, right, on all service activity or commercial activity. The retail stores, et cetera. So there's just a huge change in mobility that we have to work our way through, even applies to auto refinish, where normally, that's very stable, but obviously, that's declined a lot right now, too.
Matthew Blair: Appreciate it. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Sison of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Mike Sison: Morning, guys. You guys all sound well and healthy. Mark, it's been a while since volume has been a tailwind, but hopefully, over time, things get better. Where do you think profitability or margins can get to if volumes return, maybe on a more normalized environment whenever we can get back to that? Well,
Mark Costa: I certainly think that if we look all the way back to 2018, when you get to - before the trade war started and that then got followed on by COVID-19, I mean, you can't really make this up. Those margins that we had back then were, I think, quite attractive and representative of where we were as a company and where we should be going forward. So I don't see any reason that we won't have attractive margins in the - or the two thirds part of AFP and obviously, we're stabilizing fibers. There's obviously uncertainty in CI and that two thirds - the one third part of AFP. So I think that as we look at it, there's no reason not to get back to 2018 and the performance that we had back then.
Mike Sison: Got It. And as a quick follow-up, I think you mentioned you felt oil prices where they're at would be neutral. But I was kind of thinking about chemical MB, it's a much smaller part of your portfolio, your specialty business is much larger. So why wouldn't oil be more of a beneficiary given the lower prices and raw materials for your other businesses?
Mark Costa: Well, I think it is, and you're right. I mean, CI was 14% of our earnings in 2019. So it's not a significant part of our story. You've got two combined effects on CI at the moment because the oil price is so low, right? You've got the sort of competitive dynamics, spread compression part of this as well as reduced volume, which is not normal for that segment. Normally, they can clear all their volume. But because the price of oil are where they're at, it's more difficult to access the export markets. So the combined effect is a little bit more extreme. Than what is sort of normal, if you will, Mike. But it is, I think, net, a positive when you look across the whole portfolio and the benefits we'll get in the specialties relative to the impact it has. It's also important to remember that, yes, it's not all cracking, right? So the ACO amines business is actually quite stable. Almost all our business is cost pass-through contracts. Demand is going really well there in the ag in markets. Peak acid is a really small business for us. It's just a co-product of making cellulosic. So we don't spend that much time on it. But it's relatively stable, too, because we're predominantly primate only North America because that's the only asset we have. And so those margins are - prices are a little bit more stable here than they are in Asia. So it's going to be a headwind, but you're right. Net overall, it's a tailwind.
Mike Sison: Great. Thank you.
Gregory Riddle: If you take the next question, the last one please.
Operator: Our last question today will come from John Roberts of UBS. Please go ahead.
John Roberts: Thanks. And I'm glad to hear you all well. And that was an interesting observation mark on cars, given no one's expecting any upside there. But my question is you've been transitioning some of the Fibers capacity to apparel, which is obviously going to be weak here for quite a while. Do you have the flexibility to shift back towards a cig tow if smoking activity actually stays pretty strong here over the next few quarters?
Mark Costa: Well, we don't have to shift back, John. The capacity that we have in place to serve the tow market is sufficient to serve the tow market. It's still not growing, right? So it's a very stable business, and we'll be stable. We expect tow volume to be stable this year. It was stable back in 2009. And but the market is still declining in that 2% to 3% range. And we don't see the growth rate yet changing in any meaningful way associated with the pandemic. So the capacity is completely sufficient to serve that market. And it's important that we have enough capacity to serve our customers there because security supply is extremely important to our cigarette customers. So the capacity is repurposed towards textiles we're going to be materially reducing the rates of those facilities to align with the textile demand. So we'll have some asset utilization headwinds in the second quarter associated with that. But we still see a lot of ways to grow and create our own growth. Obviously, we need to get past the sort of shelter in place mode. But when people come out of that, I expect some will still buy cars again, and some are going to buy clothing again. And our value proposition has really been strengthened by adding recycled content to our Bio content, right? So now we're offering a NI of fiber that's half bio from a certified sustainable force, and the other half is not going to be recycled content, taking plastic out of the ocean and the environment. And that's a very compelling value proposition for this right market now. They very much want it. And the third benefit we have is even when it breaks into a microfiber, potentially in the machine washing and get in the ocean, it's certified biodegradable. So we've got that trifecta of an offer in this space that allows us to create growth as long as there's some amount of demand. .
John Roberts: Great. Thank you.
Gregory Riddle: Okay. Thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. An audio replay of this call will be available on our website a little bit later this morning. I hope everybody has a great day.
Operator: This will conclude today's conference call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-31 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Fourth Quarter Full Year 2019 Conference Call. This conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastmans website www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory Riddle: Thank you. Deanna. And good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Curt Espeland, Executive Vice President and CFO; Willie McLain, Vice President, Finance; and Jake LaRoe Manager, Investor Relations. Before we begin, Ill cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual results or events concerning our plans and expectations could change. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the companys fourth quarter and full year 2019 financial results news release, during this call and in the accompanying slides, and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for third quarter 2019 and the Form 10-K to be filed for full year 2019. Second, earnings referenced in this presentation excludes certain non-core and unusual items. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded and adjusted items are available in the fourth quarter and full year 2019 financial results news release, which could be found on our website www.eastman.com in the Investors section. Projections of future earnings exclude any non-core unusual or non-recurring items. With that, I will turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Costa: Thanks Greg. And good morning, everyone. Ill begin with the full year 2019 highlights on page 3. 2019 was a significant year of macroeconomic challenges, that continue to get tougher through the year. I am incredibly proud of how Eastman employees around the world responded to these challenges and stepped up to the plate to deliver, almost $400 million in new business revenue closes from innovation led by Advanced Materials, which has achieved a decade of EBIT growth in 2019. We delivered on our cost management targets, while we continue to make progress on our innovation programs. Im also proud of how our cash engine generated free cash flow at a record level of almost $1.1 billion for the third consecutive year. Although, we arent satisfied with our earnings performance, in what was a difficult environment, we are well positioned for earnings growth in 2020 and going forward. Here are few highlights from 2019, first, were celebrating Eastman centennial this year. Our 100-year history is filled with many successes and meaningful innovations that have enhanced the quality of life in a material way. The segment that best demonstrates its innovative spirit is Advanced Materials, which delivered impressive results, considering the challenging macro environment. Advanced Materials greatly outperformed its underlying markets, despite this exposure to transportation on several other consumer discretionary markets. And as our free cash flow results demonstrate, we can consistently deliver in any environment. We continue to push our cash to work in a disciplined way, including significant delevering, which will remain a priority for us in 2020. Bolt-on M&A, like you saw with Marlotherm and INACSA this year, two great businesses opening up new markets for our technologies. And capital returns through a combination of share repurchases and dividends, which have increased for 10 consecutive years. Finally on a personal note, I want to highlight the Curt Espeland, our CFO of 11 years, has elected to retire in 2020, after nearly a quarter century of service. Curts a hugely talented financial professional and has had an extraordinary career. Im personally very grateful for his pragmatic leadership and the vital role he has played in the portfolio transformation, which has been a foundational element of our strategy to become a leading specialty materials company. Id also like to share that I have every confidence in Curts successor, Willie McLain. Willie has been a key player to Eastman for 20 years, and has worked closely Curt as part of our long-term succession planning process. He has a proven experienced leader with deep knowledge of Eastmans financial organization, businesses, and capital markets, which will be integral as we continue the companys transformation. With that, Ill hand the call over to Curt, to review some financial results, his final quarterly review, as he closes this chapter and opens another.
Curt Espeland: Thanks Mark. And good morning, everyone. First of all, I appreciate the kind words. Mark and want to thank you, the Board and all the men and women at Eastman for allowing me to serve as the CFO since 2008. It has been a real honor. Id also like to reiterate that Willie is absolutely the right CFO to take Eastman forward and is supported by very talented talented and motivated team in Eastman. We are in good hands. With that said, let me start on slide 4. For the full year, revenue EBIT and EPS all declined as global growth decelerated and trade disputes created uncertainty for Eastman and our customers. At a corporate level, lower volumes due to destocking and reduced primary demand, alongside a strong dollar, contributed the most to the year-over-year decline in earnings. The lower volume resulted in lower utilization rates, variable margin spreads were flat at a corporate level for the year. Despite the difficult economic environment, we delivered strong growth across many of our innovative products, particularly in Advanced Materials. Similar with the trends for the full year, fourth quarter results were impacted by a slowdown in the global economy, on top of normal seasonality. Revenue decreased mostly due to lower selling prices, as a result of lower raw material prices. EBIT increased slightly due to lower raw material costs and improved product mix. In an environment like we are in now, we remain focused on what we can control, closing new business revenue, reducing costs and generating strong free cash flow. Moving now to segment results and starting with Advanced Materials; considering the business environment in 2019, full year performance was solid, with EBIT growing over 3%. While Advanced Materials had challenges in the early part of 2019, once destocking had largely played out in the supply chain between the U.S. and China, volumes return to a more normal level and the segments innovation programs drove growth. The results in Advanced Materials are a great example of the importance of innovation. The core business was not immune due to the challenges with global trade uncertainty and transportation, but premium products provided resilience. We are also able to realize spread expansion in the second half, as lower cost raws flowed through and we remain disciplined on pricing. Looking at the fourth quarter; revenue EBIT increased due to strong volume and more favorable product mix. Ahead in 2020, we expect to deliver another year of EBIT growth in this segment, as we benefit from both continued progress, growing new business revenue from innovation and a dollar headwind on foreign currency exchange rates. As a result, we expect Advanced Materials EBIT to be up mid single digits in 2020. Now moving to Additives & Functional Products on slide 6; unlike Advanced Materials, AFP was impacted more gradually with destocking picking up through 2019. While primary demand in many of the geographies we serve was decelerating, particularly in China and Europe. Im encouraged that two-thirds of AFP delivered solid results in this environment, including strong growth in care chemicals, water treatment, and specialty fluids, as well as spread expansion across the portfolio. We also had some challenges in this part of the segment, including slow demand in China for autos and disruptions in the ag market in China. All in, the bulk of AFPs businesses are performing how a specialty business should perform in this environment. The remaining one-third of the business, adhesives tires and formic acids, that we previously called at our third quarter call, contributed the significant majority of the earnings decline for the year. We are continuing to actively work on solutions for this part of the segment. Looking ahead to 2020, we expect solid growth in the two-thirds, offset by continued challenges in the one-third, impacting both spreads and volumes. Putting it all together, we expect AFPs EBIT to be flat to slightly down, compared to 2019. Turning now to slide 7 in Chemical Intermediates; for the full year and the fourth quarter, sales revenue decreased for the reasons summarized on the slide. In the fourth quarter, EBIT decreased, mostly due to increased planned shutdown costs. As 2019 progressed and industry activity slowed, spreads in many of our derivative product lines declined, but we now think were seeing signs of stabilization at this point. We expect to carry the lower level of spreads in the back half of 2019 into 2020, which will be a headwind in the first half of the year, but we also expect to see higher volumes at ag, as North America gets back to a more normal planting season, and were expecting to see the benefits of our cost management programs and other stabilizing actions. All in, we think Chemical Intermediates EBIT in 2020 will be lower than 2019. Finishing up the segment views, with Fibers on slide 8, revenue and EBIT declined in full year 2019 due to general market decline for acetate tow, and some chunkiness related to customer buying patterns. Fourth quarter EBIT was up due to increased tow volumes in China. In the textiles market, we continue to make progress with our key initiatives, including growth in womens wear, which was up approximately 20% this year. This progress was offset by softness in the global market for more traditional textile applications. In 2020, we expect acetate tow to be down slightly, consistent with the market. For Textiles. We expect continued strong growth in key end markets such as womens wear to be offset by a softer overall textile market, impacting our more traditional textile applications. Putting it together, we expect Fibers segment EBIT in 2020 to be slightly lower than 2019, consistent with the market. Ill finish with some financial highlights on slide 9; free cash flow was strong at almost $1.1 billion, sustaining the record level we achieved in 2018. Another great result delivered by a variety of BA teams across Eastman. We also continued our track record of returning cash to owners and reducing debt, which both created value for our stockholders. Reducing debt will remain a top priority in 2020, and we expect to de-lever greater than $400 million this upcoming year, further improving the strength of our balance sheet. Our tax rate was approximately 15.5% for the full year and I expect the 2020 tax rate to be similar to 2019 in that 15% to 16% range. Capital expenditures for the year are expected to be $450 million to $475 million in 2020. The main driver behind the planned increase in capital spending, is associated with site tenant projects, which will be reimbursed across other lines of the cash flow statement over a number of periods. Finally, dont miss the modeling slide in the appendix as well as our manufacturing shutdown scheduled for this year. One final comment on the appendix; in 2020, we project that depreciation and amortization will decline approximately $50 million, as part of the Taminco acquisition, Eastman mark-to-market and advantage methanol contract and certain other assets with a five year life. With the expiration of this advantage contract at the end of 2019, market based methanol purchases in 2020 will substantially offset the $30 million reduced amortization of the Taminco methanol contract. With that, Ill turn it back to Mark.
Mark Costa: Thanks, Kurt. Now turning to our 2020 outlook on slide 10. As we all know, we are currently in a dynamic and certain macro environment. Despite this uncertainty, we needed to make a series of assumptions for our outlook. First, we expect modest volume growth and mix improvement from three factors. We are assuming global industrial production growth to be similar to 19. Second, we are expecting that destocking is predominantly behind us, although there may be some pockets where there is more to go, such as North American ag. Third, we expect to create our own growth through market development and innovation. In 2020, we have a number of additional item and certain tailwinds. We expect our operating costs will be lower by $20 million to $40 million for the year, reflecting continued progress on productivity, and this is above offsetting normal inflation which is between $75 million and $100 million annually. We expect pension costs will be lower by about $25 million, and we also expect lower depreciation expense to be about a $20 million net benefit to EBIT, as Curt mentioned in his remarks. All in, these tailwinds total approximately $75 million. And we have a few headwinds for the year, such as higher variable comp and increased benefit comps, as we return to target levels, and a somewhat stronger U.S. dollar compared to the euro, with an assumption of exchange rate averages at $1.10 for the year. Together with a few other small items, we expect a headwind of $85 million. In addition, we are expecting spreads to be lower, primarily in Chemical Intermediates and the one third of AFP. This reflects the fact that these spreads in 2019 declined through the year, especially as a trade war escalated, and therefore we enter this year at a lower level relative to the first half of 19. Lastly, you should expect that we continue to be disciplined, as we allocate capital, including delevering, share repurchases, and bolt-on acquisitions, where they make sense. Putting this altogether, we expect our 2020 EPS will be slightly - will be between $7.20 and $7.60, with the first quarter EPS coming in flat to slightly down from the year ago quarter. We also expect our full year free cash flow to be between $1.0 billion to $1.1 billion. Of course, there are macroeconomic factors that could move us above or below this range. As we get through this short-term uncertainty, we expect we will have a more informed view in April, and well adjust as necessary at that time. Next, Im going to discuss actions we are taking to increase performance in 2020 and for the next three years. First on slide 11, new business revenue from innovation. For those that follow Eastman, this wont be a new concept, as we made great progress. Key to our success has been our innovation-driven growth model, and in particular, the investment weve made in application development capability. In 2017, our new business revenue was approximately $300 million. By 19, we had increased it to $400 million and in 20, we expect new business revenue approach $500 million. The segment-leading the way, is Advanced Materials, which has numerous examples of innovative products driving new business revenues. They include Tritan copolyester, Saflex acoustic interlayers, heads up display interlayers and paint protection films. And with our two new commercial Chemical recycling technologies, we have enhanced our offering, especially plastics, for several applications such as cosmetics, ophthalmics, toys and more. And while Advanced Materials has made the most progress, Additives and Functional Products is poised to make significant contribution in the coming years. Were getting commercial orders in a large number of innovation platforms, including Tetrashield for PPA non-intent food packaging and auto coatings, specialty ketone for sustainable coating solutions, next generation Crystex for tires and we have several new platforms, we will discuss with you throughout the year. Lastly, Id add that we have made great progress at Naia cellulosic yarn in the textiles markets, where were particularly excited about our growth in womens wear. The offering of a biobase yarn, that uses cellulosics from certified sustainably managed forests is compelling in a market, where sustainability is a driving consumer behavior. Now with our Circular Economy technology, we will commercialize Naia with recycled content, which makes the consumer even more excited and more compelled to buy our product. Overall, weve made outstanding progress in driving new business revenue. This has made our results more resilient in the current difficult environment, and it positions us for strong growth, as the economy rebounds. The next year Ill cover is on slide 12, and its about our investments in building an even more capable and efficient organization to execute our strategy. We are making great progress in our commercial capability. We implemented an improved business operating model that is dramatically enhancing our decision-making to deliver growth and manage costs. Were also seeing significant improvement with our CRM investments, and are making several other digital investments. And application development investments are helping accelerate our commercialization rate of our innovation programs. At the same time, were also driving efficiency in how we offset inflation and these investment costs. As you can see with the bar graph, we are a disciplined operator in how we manage our costs relative to our peers, especially with this level of innovation efforts in our portfolio. And in these uncertain times, we are going to step up productivity significantly, as I mentioned on the third quarter call. We have developed a program to reduce our cost structure, net of inflation, by greater than $100 million, and as I said, we will get $20 million to $40 million of it, in 2020. We will achieve these results in three areas; first, site optimization will allow us to adjust our footprint to these new market conditions. One example is our Singapore plant that makes olefins. We have made the difficult decision to not renew our raw material supply contract by the end of 2020, giving us options to realize $25 million of benefits. We also have a few other sites under consideration in the one-third of AFP. Second, we have digital and other productivity investments. We have a wide range of productivity initiatives across maintenance, energy efficiency, improving yield and business process improvements. Third, we are driving supply chain optimization, as we look at opportunities across the globe, to adjust to changes in customer and geographic mix. In todays world, we must build our capability, continue to improve our safety performance, and at the same time, improve our cost structure to win. On slide 13, in addition to building an even more capable and efficient organization, there are additional actions we are taking to improve our performance. First, better leveraging our sites could yield $30 million to $60 million in recurring EBIT by the end of three years. For example, we recently welcomed two new strategic tenants to our site in Texas City, Gulf Coast Ammonia and Air Products. At our site in St. Gabriel, Louisiana, we are building a new asset leveraging integration in alkylamines, to support Cortevas innovative growth of their Enlist system. And we have several additional opportunities in development. Second, we also see an opportunity to develop -- to step up our level of licensing, that could contribute another $25 million to $50 million in EBIT to our results in the next three years. Eastman has a rich portfolio of innovative technologies, that have significant value, such as olefins and acetyls, and a strong history of licensing. We expect to step up this value creation with the partnership we have had with JM Davy technologies, which is expected to create a meaningful benefit in 2020. We developed a new mono ethylene glycol technology that could use a variety of raw materials, including coal, natural gas or biomass, unlike the majority of the world MEG, which is currently made from ethylene. This is the first of a number of agreements in the works. Lastly, as we discussed in October, on our third quarter call, we remain fully committed to taking actions in the one-third of AFP, that has demonstrated more volatility than we expected in this challenging environment. These actions could be restructuring, partnerships or potential divestment. We are actively looking at all these options recognizing that theyd be sensitive to current market conditions. These actions, better leveraging our sites, stepping up licensing and portfolio optimization will continue to create value for Eastman, and are important contributors to our success in 2020 and for the next few years. Finally on slide 14, let me bring everything together. I just shared with you our multi-year plan of actions we will take to improve performance in the coming years and win. Yet, none of this happens without the dedication and persistence of the people of Eastman, who continue to rise to the occasion and prove every day that they are the get it done team and bring to life, our commitment of enhancing the quality of life in a material way. When the macroeconomic challenges reverse and we know they will, its our innovative driven growth model that will allow us to be poised to create even more of our own growth, through innovation and leadership in specialty markets. In the meantime, big picture, we will continue to focus on what we can control and remain committed to long-term attractive earnings growth, and sustainable value creation forerunners, and for all of our stakeholders. With that, Ill turn it back to Greg.
Gregory Riddle: All right, thanks Mark. As usual, weve got a lot of people on the line this morning and wed like to get to as many questions as possible. So I ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. With that, Deanna, we are ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will now take our first question from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Mark, maybe you could just talk about the volume growth in Advanced Materials, which continues to be impressive on an absolute and relative basis, versus what were hearing elsewhere. Can you maybe just talk about how insulated or how much of a moat you have around that volume? Were hearing sort of generically, a pickup in competitive behavior and decreases in pricing and pricing is still holding up well. So how are you staying so differentiated there in an obviously difficult environment?
Mark Costa: Thanks, Vincent. Good morning. Yeah, great question and its really the heart of the whole company strategy around having a innovation-driven growth model, as a way you create your own growth in tough environments, as well as defend your margins. Across the entire segment, weve been investing in innovation and this is - 2019 is sort of our decade of continuous earnings growth through it. The differentiation really comes from innovating differentiated and sustainable products that are important to the marketplace. So our Triton success, which is a patented proprietary product being the only solution that is BPA free for polycarbonate placement, continues to have tremendous success in housewares and durables, and now growing in medical and thats just the story that continues to deliver performance. Its the same thing with heads up display interlayers and acoustic interlayers, where you can significantly enhance the driver experience and enable lightweighting in a car, and where we have not just this generation, but are now launching the next generation of even better HUD in acoustic as we speak, and this year to continue to drive differentiation and growth in that space. Same thing with paint protection films, where weve launched the best product to the marketplace last year, rolled out new software where we have the best cutting software support for the dealers. So its always about enhancing and developing new features and growing these businesses at much higher rates than the underlying market. This segment has a lot of consumer discretionary exposure, whether its autos or appliances or electronics that the underlying markets are down and we felt that some - in our core interlayers or some of our core copolyesters. But its that innovation allows you to continue to grow, and why our model works so well
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And as a follow-up, could I just ask you that - I believe you said you planned on paying down more debt this year versus last year with a similar amount of free cash flow. So Im just curious whats driving that decision versus share repurchases, and congrats to Curt.
Curt Espeland: Thanks, Vince For the question and the comment as well. So as you know, we are always disciplined with our capital allocation across those buckets of share repurchases, bolt-on acquisitions and pay down of debt. And we you consider all three of them as very viable ways to create value for our stockholders. So as we finish 2019, we ended up shifting our cap allocation of that excess cash towards more further de-levering as a priority, and as Mark mentioned, thats going to continue in 2020. So the result was that, we used $370 million of our free cash flow for pay down versus the original $300 million that we promised. So what were looking at now for - if you look at 2020, that kind of discipline is going to be maintained. So were kind of looking at -- if you think about that, $1 billion to $1.1 billion and lets just take the midpoint of $1.050 billion. So $350 million of it will go kind of towards that increasing dividend that were very proud of. Greater than $400 million will be used to reduce debt at a minimum. And then Im sorry - and at a minimum, we will repurchase shares to offset dilution, which is roughly $50 million. So that remaining $200 million to $300 million of free cash flow is going to be applied for acquisitions, additional share repurchases or further debt pay down, and really thats going to depend how the macro environment plays out, and that we will probably kind of hold that extra choices till the second half of this year, just so we have more time to see how it plays out.
Operator: And we will now take our next question
Gregory Riddle: Operator, can we have the...
Operator: Our next question comes from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead, your line is open.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Mark, on the one-third of AFP that youve identified for potential action here. Have you - how much more clarity do you have on a potential option today than you did three months ago, and are outright sales possible or even likely for some of these businesses? Thank you.
Mark Costa: Thanks, David. Good morning. So we are looking at all the options. This environment requires us to be thoughtful about what options makes sense. Certainly, were looking at everything we can do on the restructuring front, and driving both innovation as well as how it optimizes the cost structure in this environment, and then were looking at partnering and divestment options, as things we consider. Divestment is certainly in the consideration set, but weve got to make sure we dont overreact to short-term challenges in the marketplace, make sure we understand the impact of the restructuring activities for understanding both, the qualities, businesses, as well as how we position them to a potential new owner. So were going to keep driving it forward and well update you, when we have more clarity.
David Begleiter: And Mark just on - in the businesses that saw destocking over the last three to five quarters, et cetera, is all that do you think done, and where do we stand with supply chains and inventory levels heading into 2020 across your businesses? Any customers? Thank you.
Curt Espeland: Yeah, Id say, across the entire company in most places. I think weve seen channels destock in Advanced Materials. I think the destocking has run its course, and even maybe a little bit of stabilization and inventory management, in a few of those businesses. In AFP, Id say its mostly destocked in the channels and were more looking at where primary demand goes at this point. As I mentioned ag & Functional means and CI is one place where you could see some additional destocking here in the first quarter. We do believe in net volume growth for that business, assuming a normal weather pattern here in North America, but it may not be as dramatic as we still have a bit of inventory to work off. But I would say in North America, where the economy has been stronger, there is probably people sitting on a bit more inventory than where Asian and European customers are. So there is always a risk, if the U.S. economy slows down, you could see a better destocking there. So well just have to see how it plays out. But I do think net-net, the vast majority the destocking is behind us, and that lack of it will provide some volume growth this year versus last year, assuming similar economic growth between the two years.
David Begleiter: Thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question from PJ Juvekar from Citi. Please go ahead, your line is open.
PJ Juvekar: Yes, thank you. First of all, Curt, congratulations on your retirement.
Curt Espeland: Thank you, PJ,
PJ Juvekar: And congrats to Eastman as well for your centennial year. I know its not easy to survive for 100 years, through all the depressions and wars and all that. So congratulations.
Mark Costa: Thank you. Were proud of it.
PJ Juvekar: So, a question on some of Taminco assets; care chemicals. I think they have a lot of pass-through pricing, feed additives, and in the last quarter you had mentioned about Asian swine flu. So can you just update on some of those intermediate products? Thank you.
Mark Costa: Overall, the Taminco businesses are doing great across the portfolio, with the exception of the formic acid business that we called out in the third quarter, which was a small acquisition Taminco had done, just ahead of us buying Taminco. But when we look at the core alklyamine platform, which is what we are centering acquiring care chemicals, has delivered really strong growth and very stable margins as you just highlighted, with cost pass-through contracts. Water treatment is having really great growth in this environment, with the environmental trends out there and again, doing quite well, stable margins. And then as you look at the functional means going into ag, those - again very stable margins, given the market structures and the contracts we have in place. Obviously, there is demand that goes up and down with the seasons. But overall, the whole portfolio has really been been great. The management team has been great. Weve had phenomenal retention of the talent and the cost structure has been well managed.
PJ Juvekar: Thank you. And then for my follow up, I have sort of a big picture question. I know youve done some bolt on acquisitions over the years, but stayed away from any major M&A since Solutia deal. So in this slow environment, why not use low rates to get some growth? One company in Wilmington has some businesses for sale, especially in transportation, I know this is a large deal, but would you have risk appetite in looking at a deal of that size?
Mark Costa: So PJ, I think weve been really proud of the portfolio transformation, way ahead of what people are doing in the industry now, where we divested $3.5 billion of revenue of underperforming businesses, and did great acquisitions with Solutia and Taminco and some bolt-ons to add $4.2 billion of great attractive businesses. So I think we have a very impressive track record of not just doing good acquisitions at good prices, where we paid nine times EBITDA for the things that we bought, and have delivered very attractive returns with the synergies that we delivered. So were very much open to portfolio management, both in and out of the portfolio. But when we look at the market conditions right now, they seem to be very expensive, and so we dont see that there is opportunities out there, especially large ones that are financially attractive. More importantly, we like the portfolio that we have, and weve been focused on making sure we deliver return to our shareholders for the money that we spent on these acquisitions up through 14, and deliver growth and I think weve done that quite well. If you look at the two specialty businesses, weve had before the trade war started, over $600 million EBITDA growth from 14 to 18, one third of that was acquisition, but two thirds of it was organic growth that came from these acquisitions, as well as the core Eastman businesses. So we feel good about how we can integrate acquisitions. So Im not saying well never do anything, but large ones right now dont seem necessary or financially prudent.
Curt Espeland: And PJ If I could add, Im still a traditionalist and since Willie and I both went to the same MBA school, I think it will continue. And that is, when we look at investments, whether its acquisitions or organic growth, we look at things on an unlevered basis. So that way, we make sure were driving good value without considering the leverage. And then once we find good opportunities and/or growth programs, we find great ways to finance it. So well continue to look at things in a disciplined, unlevered basis.
PJ Juvekar: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew DeYoe with Bank of America. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Matthew DeYoe: Good morning. So, by my numbers, raw materials and Advanced Materials were maybe something like a $50 million tailwind to the second half of 19, and you mentioned giving some of that back with lower prices, but I think things get fairly sticky with Triton, and you did absorb a lot of inflation in 2018. So when it comes to 2020, where should we think about annualization of the second half tailwinds? Should there be more give back? Is there more opportunity, yeah, if you can expand on that.
Mark Costa: Yeah. If you look at Advanced Materials, the main driver of their growth continues to be innovation and volume growth, and then there is an opportunity to really keep pricing off of what wed call the product performance. There is some input costs that do vary, and they did have some tailwind in 2019. I think some of that will moderate, but it will still be there. And I think theyve shown good discipline on pricing of their products, relative to the performance it provides. And so thats why we think this business will grow at mid-single digits EBIT in 2020.
Curt Espeland: We do - I mean we do expect prices to come down a little bit, as you share some of the raw material value. Weve had thorough conversations with investors on previous calls on this topic, but we expect to hold onto a good portion of it. More importantly, were going to have volume and mix growth, that is the heart of our strategy across the company, as well as the fixed cost leverage and other cost management activities that sort of flow into the segment.
Matthew DeYoe: Okay. And then I know you plan on divulging a little bit more of this to come, but opportunities at Crystex, you doubled capacity in Malaysia and the market has been under pressure since. So I got to think that some are older cats and dogs out there, like these facilities, can you imagine opportunities for footprint rationalization there?
Mark Costa: So thats one of the areas, where weve added advantaged technology with the capacity that we added, that produces a far better product, which we call Cure Pro, relative to the current product we make, as well as our competitors. So we can help customers improve their tire mixing efficiency by 10% to 20% on their tire plants. So the new capacity is also differentiated and advantaged, and we are now looking at the overall footprint in this business. Just look at where demand is, where we expect demand to grow, what sort of assets really makes sense in that, and then well make some decisions on whats appropriate as we go forward.
Matthew DeYoe: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Kevin McCarthy from Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, good morning. Mark. Im intrigued by your program to leverage your sites, I think you indicated $30 million to $60 million of benefit on the EBIT line over the next three years. Can you talk a little bit about, which sites are in play? Are there any beyond for the GCA and Air Products project at Texas City? How will that flow through over the next three years, and which segments might be affected?
Mark Costa: So we did an acquisition at Sterling, the Texas City site, which is just a phenomenal site, when you look at the scale, infrastructure, ports, rail everything. Its just a great opportunity to leverage, and this is a great example - one of I think several that will have at Texas City, and how we can sort of provide that site opportunity and the Gulf Coast Ammonia and the Air Products project set a great example of what several other opportunities could look like. So Id see multiple things there. Id say what were doing at St. Gabriel is more unique to supporting Corteva, well offer our alkylamine platform. But there are other sites around the world were looking at. But I do think it can be substantial and very reliably and predictable earnings.
William McLain, Jr.: Yes, Kevin, this is Willie, if I may add, I would also highlight the fact that on a segment basis that we would see that primarily benefiting CI and the Additives & Functional products businesses today. But as we think about further integration beyond those two projects, it could benefit other assets as well.
Kevin McCarthy: Okay. Then a financial question for Curt or Willie perhaps, youve raised your dividend for 10 years in a row, would you expect that streak to continue, notwithstanding the current choppy industrial production environment? What is the level of commitment to long-term growth there, recognizing that its ultimately a Board decision?
Curt Espeland: Kevin, to your point, it is definitely -- we collaborate with the Board on that decision. I think you will also see that we moderated our dividend as our dividend payout ratio is - Ill call it, gotten back in line with where we would expect it to be, post the Solutia and Taminco acquisition. and as we think about future growth, we will continue to grow it, but it will be based on the long-term expectation, consistent with how we have in the past.
Kevin McCarthy: Thank you. And Curt, it has been a pleasure. Willie, we look forward to working with you.
Curt Espeland: Thanks Kevin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Sheehan from SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Jim Sheehan: Yes, thank you. Curious about your comments on an advantaged methanol contract thats expiring, are you going to be exposed to a lot more methanol price volatility, and in which segments would that occur and how would you expect to deal with it?
William McLain, Jr.: Yes, this is Willie. What I would tell you is, were diversified across our methanol exposure as we think about - we produce methanol here at our Kingsport site as well as we purchase methanol market-based as well as other benchmark. So I think weve diversified our exposure, as we think about going forward, and that exposure is primarily in our Chemical Intermediates and Additives & Functional Product segments.
Jim Sheehan: Thanks. And can you give us your thoughts on the Corona virus impacts in China, whats embedded in your guidance for post-Chinese New Year demand?
Mark Costa: So as I said in our outlook statement, our outlook statement does not include the impact of the Corona virus. I think its -- we can all agree its a little too early to call what those impacts were going to be. But most importantly, were focused on safety and health of the people in China as well as around the world, including our employees, and making sure were taking the right set of actions which weve implemented around controlling travel within China, travel in and out of China and making sure people are as safe as possible. We do have nine plants in China and two offices. So were focused on those and there is obviously going to be a delay, based on the Chinese extending the New Year out by one to two weeks, depending on where you look at the location. So well have to sort of factor that into our thinking. I dont think its a simple conclusion though, where you just look at the impact of whats going to happen to demand in China, which obviously will occur. So our customers will be shut down, but its important to keep in mind that our competitors are going to be shut down as well, both in China, as well as how they compete around the world. So there is probably some opportunities for us to see some volume improvement outside of China, as a lot of customers have become dependent on some Chinese sources, and we want to make sure were there to help them, when those sources may not be available, and help them be a reliable supplier that were proud of, our more global and diverse and reliable footprint.
Jim Sheehan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Duffy Fischer from Barclays. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Duffy Fischer: Yeah, good morning. I think most of us know we had ag issues here in North America. Curt mentioned some ag issues, it sounds like, in China. So can you just kind of size the headwind that you saw in your ag business last year, and do you think you get all of that back this year to a normalization level?
Curt Espeland: Yeah, the ag is actually animal nutrition. So its mostly about in China. So its mostly about the pig population that was hit by the African swine flu. Its hard to give exact numbers, but somewhere around 30% to 50% reduction in that population, which is a huge consumer of these organic acids, that we and some others sell. So we saw a volume hit associated with that, thats also contributed to some of the pricing challenges in Formic Acid, and a couple other products. So its really that dynamic. Obviously, theyve got that flu under control, the swine flu, and with the rebuilding of that population. So well start to see it recover this year and next, but it doesnt snap back like the North American ag market could this year.
Duffy Fischer: Okay. And then on the licensing effort, is that kind of a proactive effort on your side, that will be a lot of little projects, or is that kind of reverse inquiries, where one or two big guys are coming to you for some of your technology and well see one or two big lumpy contracts signed?
Mark Costa: Well, our historical program is more of the former, where we get some inbound inquiries around acetyls and olefins which we always do. But what were identifying here and calling out is this value is a more substantial proactive approach. So a number of years ago, we had developed a breakthrough technology to make MEG through an alternate process than ethylene, to leverage coal gasification and we sort of turned down that effort internally, as we focused more on specialty growth. So we partner with JM Davy to work with us and finish off that technology and take it to market and leveraging their strength as a licensing organization. So weve been in the background working that with them, and theyre close to success in the first license. These licenses are quite large and significant in the scale of what plants will be built. MEG is a critical product and this technology is a lot better than the obsolete technology theyve been trying to use, which has some quality problems. So I think its a great opportunity for sort of multiple licenses as we go forward. Important to remember, these licenses show up in chunky ways. So its real hard to predict exactly when theyre going to hit, and you register the value.
Duffy Fischer: All right, thank you guys.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Frank Mitsch from Fermium Research. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Frank Mitsch: Thank you so much and best wishes. Mr. Espeland. I hope our paths continue to cross. A - Curt Espeland Thank you.
Frank Mitsch: Mark, I apologize I didnt quite catch what you were talking about with respect to Singapore and the raw material contract in the order of magnitude there. Can you give a little more detail there?
Mark Costa: Sure, Ill start and Ill let Willie finish off. The contract there was a long-term supply contract that we had in place for a number of years, and its finally coming up for expiration at the end of this year, and it allows us to terminate it and then consider other options, I will let Willie cover what those options are.
William McLain, Jr.: As we consider as other options, obviously we look at our existing footprint and our integrated facilities in Texas to support the Chemical Intermediates business. Obviously, this gives us the ability to use that footprint, the sort of the market and the regions where we are best leveraged to compete, based on the cost curve of that business. But you can think about, probably in 2021, that we would have an improvement of $25 million versus our current run rate.
Frank Mitsch: All right, terrific. Thats what I thought I heard, but I wanted to clarify that And you also discussed some of the -- in the AFP business, the part that was doing well. You mentioned Specialty Fluids. And I know that that business can be chunky from time to time. Is there -- can you expand upon what might have been the benefit that we saw in 4Q? And is that going to recur in 1Q, in your opinion?
Gregory Riddle: Yeah, the, the Fluids business has been great and developed a much more robust portfolio of end market applications. So historically, it was very dependent on PET applications, for example on the heat transfer fluids, weve now diversified into LNG facilities and some other things. So weve diversified our market exposure, which is helpful. And we continue to have a very strong competitive position in this business relative to a couple of other small players. As we see that business continuing on, there is always capital construction cycles, Frank, as you pointed out, where this business will moderate up and down, the solar field sometimes that can be fairly chunky and how they show up. Its also important to mention, that a good portion of this business is the Aviation Fluids business that is actually very steady. This is our hydraulic fluids and turbine oil fluids that go into aircraft, and have a much more stable continuous revenue stream, where weve had great growth in revenue, as well as margin improvement, and thats just been a great acquisition that weve done as well.
Frank Mitsch: Very helpful and best wishes for your next 100 years.
Mark Costa: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bob Koort from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Bob Koort: Thank you very much. Couple of questions, first, Mark on slide 12, you showed some interesting metrics around R&D and admin to profitability to revenue base. I guess, Im sort of struck it would seem like that would be more favorable for commodity companies than specialties. I mean, what are the metrics do you look at from a benchmarking standpoint, that can help us sort of dimensionalize your business relative to those peers?
Mark Costa: Yeah. So Bob, I think the point were trying to make there, is were a very lean organization that are good stewards of our shareholders money and trying to make sure every dollar we spend delivers a return. And Im incredibly proud of how our Chief Technology Officer has, within the budget, transformed our technology organization in a dramatic way. So we had a lot of projects going on around process development, new technologies that were going to have a payback for very long time, and you put those to a stop, reorient the organization much more towards application development and product development. But this AD capability we built is really the key to our success, and weve doubled the amount of resources and capability weve had in that business since 2014 to where we are now, within that mix of spend. That AD as we explained in our Innovation Day in 18 is how we can do what our customers do, we can make a tire, we can make a windshield, we can make thermoplastic final products, we can make a coating, and so we can accelerate our innovation, accelerate the value we understand in those formulations and accelerate how we can go to market, not just with our direct customers, but downstream to drive specification through the market, by showing what we can do. So that is really the real test of it and were, of course, adding the commercial resources, as we gear that side up and find efficiency in the support functions. The metrics, I think the one that we shared with you, the new business revenue from innovation is the real test. Its the revenue were getting every year, thats the -- the metric is, year one. So its really about the next year, when you see that $400 million last year, thats about helping this year. The $500 million were aiming for this year, will help next year. But we keep very careful track of that and thats the most important metric to sort of say you are getting results from this portfolio. We have a bunch of internal stage gate project metrics and milestones and everything else to have good discipline, to manage our portfolio on a very disciplined way, and were constantly optimizing and focusing and shifting resources where we see the best value.
Bob Koort: Got it. Thats helpful. Thank you. And then at your third quarter call, it seems youre putting the brakes on a little bit of your working capital and production levels trying to lean out into the end of the year. Do you have any sense or can you help us quantify what that fixed cost absorption pain might have been, and when that might release, as you go through 20? Is the recovery of that an advantage to that, as you go through the year?
Curt Espeland: Yeah, the way Id characterize it, where you are seeing that right now is kind of in the margin. So while we were able to implement the cost reduction actions, those cost reduction actions are harder to see COGS and our margins, is because we had to slow down our plans. We dont give our specific utilization rates etc, but when you get our 10-K, youll see that our finished goods in intermediate products in inventory declined 5%. Some of that is value, but also some of its --- some of the slowdown we did in our production rates. And Bob, Id just add that were going to be careful about how we run our plants as we go into the first half of this year. So that volume growth is a way to sort of move inventory down and continue -- making progress on that. Its a great opportunity for us to release a lot of cash as we go forward.
Bob Koort: Thanks, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from Laurence Alexander from Jefferies. Pleas go ahead, your line is open.
Laurence Alexander: Good morning. Can you give a sense for the recycling technologies, what commodity environments would not be competitive? And secondly, I may have missed this, in terms of the spreads stabilizing in the middle to back half of the year, are you seeing competitor shutdowns helping improve the prospect for the spreads or is it purely tied to your perspective on end market demand?
Mark Costa: Okay. Good questions. So the first one on the Circular Economy, at this point with the trends in the marketplace, its not as much about competing against the price of oil or fossil fuel feedstocks. The train has left the station, right, youve got legislation in Europe and coming in multiple other jurisdictions of banning single use plastics or putting what they call EPRs, Enhanced Producer Responsibility, which is basically taxes on single use plastic. So the drive for recycling and the value that its putting on it, is creating a real cost choice, not just a consumer preference choice for brands around the world. Even China now is banning plastic bags in all major cities by the end of this year for groceries and things like that. So the recycled content part, were really excited about what were doing, is a critical differentiator for us. Fortunately, we got out of the single use plastic business, so were not trying to defend it, when we got rid of the PET business in 2011. Were more focused on how we provide solutions to customers around the actual recycled content, as well as put our recycled content in finished products and durables, so whole another differentiation back to Vinces questions earlier, is not only do we have a lot of product differentiation in the performance of the product, we now have a whole new vector of growth in specialty plastics, as well as over in textiles and fibers, by putting recycled content in these products, which is a very significant demand. And we do think that we will get a premium relative to fossil fuel-based products, for providing these solutions to the marketplace. You can look at rPET through last year in Europe, they traded at roughly a 60% premium to PET in the marketplace. I think thats a bit high. But we do think on a long-term basis and we do think our technologies provide real solutions, because we can access feedstock thats going to landfill not compete against some mechanical recycled streams. So the cost structure for us will be more advantaged for our feedstock, because it has no alternative value, and thats an important differentiator for what were doing. So we feel really good about that and we feel like, were in a good differentiated position to sort of move those programs forward in both AM and fibers. The second question was on spreads in the back half of last year. As we said, you know, spreads declined through the back half relative to the first half of 19, as people realize that the economy was not going to improve with the settlement of the trade war, and so that elongated economic stress led to a more competitive behavior, in particular, CI and that one-third of AFP. In CI, we do see prices very much stabilizing out relative to competitors, who are hitting their cash cost in Asia. So we have seen that, and we are seeing people will start moderating run rates or potentially shut down plants temporarily. Im not sure I think any of these plants are going to shut down permanently. So when the market recovers, some of these people will come back in the marketplace, which is why weve been cautious on how we think about spreads this year and were assuming spreads do not improve this year. And so I think were in a good place there.
Laurence Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from John Roberts from UBS. Please go ahead, your line is open.
John Roberts: Yes, best wishes Curt, and welcome Willie. I assume most of the lower raw materials for the overall company are purchased, paraxylene and glycols, but could you talk a little bit about acetyls and propylene? Did the Advanced Materials in fiber segment benefit from the lower acetyls prices? And how does lower propylene play out between C&I and AFP?
Mark Costa: So youre correct polyester benefited from lower PX prices. The olefins benefited from lower ethane and propane prices, as well as a propylene supply contract thats formulated to propane. So we saw a raw material benefits in the olefin chain. On the asset yield chain, we are coal-based on how we make our asset yields with our gasifier, coal prices have been relatively stable, so there wasnt any tailwind there.
John Roberts: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matthew Blair from Tudor Pickering Holt. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Matthew Blair: Good morning. Willie, could you quantify the currency impact on EPS in 2019?
William McLain, Jr.: Yes, its basically consistent with what we were saying in Q3, which is about $0.30 a share. So it was slightly up. Id also remind you that about 85% of thats in our Advanced Materials, and it is in Functional Products businesses.
Matthew Blair: Great. And then could you provide any color on the overall trajectory of the business during Q4. You do come in a little bit above the midpoint guidance provided in October. Does that imply that things are picking up a little bit in December?
Mark Costa: They did. So we had a good October, we had a weak November that gave us some concern about what might happen in December. And then both volume came in better than expected and cost came in quite a bit better than expected on the raw material side.
Matthew Blair: Great, thank you.
Gregory Riddle: Lets make the next question our last one, please.
Operator: So the last question comes from Michael Sison from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Michael Sison: Hey, guys. Curt congrats and it was great working with you. In terms of your outlook for AFP, I just want to make sure I understood flat to down for EBIT. The specialty side, the two-thirds grow pretty -- there is a grow next year, maybe mid-single digits and the one-third thats more challenged, down double digits or something. Can you just give us a little bit of color on each of the pieces?
Mark Costa: Yeah, so first of all through 19, the two-thirds did quite well as Curt laid out, prices were relatively flat outside of the cost pass-through contracts, and we expect that continue this year, where prices will be stable and we saw a raw material benefits as a result, we saw volume growth and we have this headwind, especially in these high-value additives for automotive in China net out to being modestly down for last year. So as we look at this year, we see volume, we see raws stable as well as pricing, so thats going to deliver some growth as well as some cost reduction. So you do see some earnings growth in the two-third side of the portfolio. And youre correct, the potential for down net earnings for the AFP segment is in the one-third segment, as we take in those lower spreads from the back half of last year. We do regain some volume, so as we had good discipline on pricing through the first half of 2019, we lost some volume in adhesives and tires, regaining that with some pricing in the fourth quarter. So will have a volume improvement, but some pricing down net in the one-third, as well as youre going to have some earnings challenges there, just given where spreads are at this point. So I think youre directionally correct.
Michael Sison: Great and then one quick one on China, its been a good growth business for several years. How are you on capacity? Do you need to add capacity or do you have enough to sort of support the growth that youre seeing?
Mark Costa: Were well positioned capacity. We had doubled the capacity in 2018, because we had run our capacity, because the volume growth had been so strong. This was one of several plants that we brought online in 2018, where volume was really great, across AFP and AM, with the growth weve been having, until the trade war hit. So were well positioned to support growth there.
Curt Espeland: And if I could add, Mike, thats an example for this business, not only you get volume growth, you get mix upgrade, and now you get fixed cost leverage as well.
Michael Sison: Great, thank you.
Mark Costa: Thank you, everyone.
Gregory Riddle: Thanks again everyone for joining us this morning. Appreciate your time. Have a great day. Therell be a replay of this available on our website later this morning. Thanks again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-25 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company Third Quarter 2019 Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastmans website www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Greg Riddle: Thank you, Matt and good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Curt Espeland, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Jake LaRoe, Manager, Investor Relations. Before we begin, I will cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the companys third quarter 2019 financial results news release during this call and in the accompanying slides and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for second quarter 2019 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for third quarter 2019. Second, earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain non-core and unusual items, and use as an adjusted tax rate the forecasted full year tax rate. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded and adjusted items are available in the third quarter 2019 financial results news release, which can be found on our website www.eastman.com in the Investors section. Projections of future earnings exclude any non-core unusual or non-recurring items and assume a forecasted full year tax rate. With that, I will turn it over to Mark.
Mark Costa: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone. I will start on Slide 3 with some strategic highlights. We had solid results in the third quarter despite a challenging macroeconomic environment which has deteriorated in the second half of this year. EPS for the third quarter was similar to the second quarter, especially considering the local electrical outage that caused a shutdown at our Longview site. We took actions to offset a decline in volumes, as our teams are focusing on what they can control to manage costs better, accelerate our innovation programs and remain disciplined with discretionary spending among other actions which led to the solid performance. Despite the economic challenges, we remain on track for approximately $400 million in new business revenue closes from innovation in 2019 led by Advanced Materials. This segment has a number of innovative products that are showing tremendous resilience in this environment. Even with exposure to the challenge auto OEM markets, strong growth across specialty products like paint protection film, Tritan, acoustics and heads-up  heads-up display interlayers are offsetting weakness in the core business. AMs resilience is a testament to the strength of the strategy and our innovation programs weve been leading for close to a decade. And although AFP innovation initiatives were started later, Im confident they will make substantial progress over the next couple of years. As we discussed before in this challenging business environment, we continue to achieve our cost reduction targets where we stay focused on innovation to create our own growth. Consistent with our disciplined capital allocation strategy, we returned $583 million to stockholders through the first nine months of 2019, through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. We are also focused on improving the strength of our balance sheet by de-levering $300 million for the full year. And finally, we expect our free cash flow to approach $1.1 billion. Two additional highlights, I am especially proud of. Earlier this week, we announced that we have achieved commercial operation of our carbon renewal technology or CRT, which is a form of chemical recycling. This is a significant step forward in our efforts to help solve the problem of plastic waste and accelerate the circular economy. CRT is a game changer for recycling, because it provides an end of life solution for many plastics from a variety of sources that have no alternative use and end up in landfill or the ocean. CRT is operated here in Kingsport at our largest manufacturing site, so we can take full advantage of our integration to make this happen. This means a plastic waste we recycle through CRT will go into products used in markets we are already participating, including textiles, cosmetics, personal care and ophthalmics. And with CRT, plastic waste can be recycled in infinite number of times without degradation of quality unlike mechanical recycling. In 2020, we expect to use of to 50 million pounds of waste plastic in our CRT operations. This technology significantly changes the value proposition of our cellulosic products which have been about 60% bio based and certified sustainable for us. Now the other 40% will be recycled content, which creates a very compelling offer with a dramatic increase in the environmental sensitivity and many of these markets that we serve. And within the next several years, we expect revenue from CRT will be in the $200 million to $300 million range with significant upside from there in our specialty products. So were very excited about this milestone. In addition, by the end of the year we also expect to be commercial scale for another chemical recycling technology for polyester. One of many more advancements, you can expect from Eastman in the area of waste plastic recycling and accelerating the circular economy. Second, we recently were recognized for our leadership in the area of sustainability by LUXE PACK, the premier cosmetic packaging event for luxury brands. Eastman has won of the 2009 LUXE PACK Green Award for activate in the circular economy. At the LUXE PACK show Eastman showcased next generation Eastman Treva, engineering cellulosic bioplastics and introduced Eastman Cristal Revel copolyesters, which is a new line of proprietary consumer recycled content compounded polyesters. These investments enable us to be a leader in accelerating the circular economy a commercial scale ahead of many others. With that, I will turn it over to Curt to discuss the corporate and segment financial results.
Curt Espeland: Thanks Mark and again good morning everyone. Starting with the corporate review on Slide 4 and beginning with the year-over-year comparison. Sales revenue declined due to lower selling prices, lower sales volume and mix and the stronger dollar. Chemical Intermediates was the biggest contributor to the lower selling prices, and this is mostly due to prices following lower raw material and energy prices, as you would expect. The lower volume was primarily due to the challenging economic climate which worsened during the quarter as industrial production decelerated, as well as the impact of planned and unplanned shut downs this quarter. This deceleration had a significant unfavorable mix impact with lower volumes of high value specialties. We partially offset these factors with growth in new business revenue from innovation. EBIT declined due to the combination of lower sales volume, unfavorable product mix, increased maintenance costs and the stronger dollar somewhat offset by cost reduction efforts. Looking sequentially, revenue declined slightly due to lower selling prices. EBIT was down somewhat, mostly due to the higher maintenance related costs. There are a number of factors that have changed since our call in July. Industrial production has decelerated, driven by the further escalation in global trade issues including the U.S. China trade dispute in August. As you can see in the German and U.S. economic data, and we believe it is also occurring in China. In particular, we can see the impact of key consumer discretionary end market slowing, including transportation, consumer durables and electronics. As a result, volume has come in lower than expected, which in turn has resulted in lower capacity utilization. In an environment like we are in now, we remain focused on what we can control closing new business revenue, reducing costs and generating strong free cash flow. Now turning to Slide 5 to review Advanced Materials which had a record quarter despite about one-third of the segment exposed to the automotive market, on a year-over-year basis, sales revenue decreased modestly as our innovation success is mostly offset demand challenges caused by the global trade disputes, disruptions and reduced global automotive sales. In particular we delivered strong growth in premium products including Tritan Copolyester, Saflex acoustic interlayers and paint protection film. EBIT increased primarily due to lower raw material costs, more favorable product mix and continued cost management. Sequentially, revenue was stable and EBIT increased. The increase in EBIT was largely driven by higher Triton volumes, the flow-through of lower raw material costs and the benefit of cost management. As we think about the balance of the year, we expect to continue to benefit from strong growth in some of the more premium product lines, which will help to offset the general weakness in some of our end markets such as transportation. Also consistent with my corporate comments, we expect a normal seasonal deceleration in demand in the fourth quarter which will offset benefits from lower raw material costs and cost actions. All-in, we think the fourth quarter EBIT will be up significantly year-over-year. Putting it all together we expect Advanced Materials EBIT to grow in the low single-digits for the full year of 2019. These results in this challenging economic climate demonstrate the strength of our innovation-driven growth model to create our own growth and defend our value with customers. Turning to Slide 6 in Additives & Functional Products, year-over-year sales revenue decreased due to lower selling prices, lower sales volume and less favorable product mix and a stronger dollar. Lower selling prices were primarily due to lower raw material prices with about 50%  40% of the decline from cost pass-through contracts and the remainder attributed to increased competitive pressure, particularly for adhesives resins, tire additives and formic acid that serves several end markets. We realized solid growth in Care Chemicals, water treatment and specialty fluids. But that growth was more than offset by weaker end market demand resulting from continuing global trade related pressures particularly in transportation and other consumer discretionary markets. EBIT decreased primarily due to less favorable product mix, lower sales volume, increase planned manufacturing site maintenance costs and a stronger dollar. Excluding currency, spreads were flat. Turning to the sequential comparison, sales increased as higher volume and better product mix was mostly offset by lower prices, particularly for Care Chemical cost pass-through contracts. EBIT decreased due to the volume growth and mix improvement being more than offset by higher maintenance shutdown costs as well as lower prices and tire additives and formic acid products. Looking to the fourth quarter, we expect earnings to moderate due to normal seasonality, albeit from a lower base, due to the slower economy. This uncertain environment is weighing on the end markets for AFP. We are seeing some signs that customers may have decided to stay down longer coming out of their fourth quarter shutdowns. With this risk in mind, we expect AFPs EBIT in the fourth quarter to be similar to last year. Before moving on, let me take a moment to discuss the performance in Additives & Functional Products this year and add a little more color. Although it is hard to see in the results, we had about two-thirds of the revenue performing well in this difficult business environment. These areas were Care Chemicals, water treatment, specialty fluids and coatings businesses as well as parts of animal nutrition. Strong growth in Care Chemicals, water treatment and specialty fluids expanding spreads and fixed cost reduction actions were offset by lower coatings volumes in high value additives in auto models, currency headwinds and lower animal nutrition demand due to China swine fever. Earnings in these businesses combined have only declined modestly year-to-date, where there has been the most pressure in the remaining third of this segment has been specifically tire additives, adhesives resins and formic acid businesses. So the pressure you are seeing in this segment is not in most business but rather in those three businesses I just mentioned. Now the Chemical Intermediates on Slide 7. Year-over-year sales revenue decreased due to lower selling prices and lower sales volume. The lower selling prices were due to lower raw material prices and competitive activity. The lower sales volume was due to weaker demand particularly for agricultural end markets as a result of wet weather and for other intermediate products due to increased competitive activity. EBIT decreased due to increased plant shutdown costs and a local power disruption impact in the Longview, Texas manufacturing site. Taken together, these costs were about a $30 million headwind for Chemical Intermediates in the quarter, $15 million of which was due to the unplanned power outage. EBIT also decreased due to lower sales volume and lower spreads. These headwinds were partially offset by the benefits from the recent refinery grade propylene investment and continued cost management. On a sequential basis, sales revenue decreased due to lower sales volume, particularly for functional amines due to normal seasonality. EBIT decreased primarily due to the planned and unplanned outages, continued spread decline in Olefins and acetyl and functional amine volume seasonality. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, there are few headwinds in front of us. First, volume is lower due to weak demand environment, but also increased in competitive pressure as markets outside of the United States are increasingly challenged by global trade issues. Also remember the cost of the turnaround of our  largest cracker in Longview, Texas is in both the third and fourth quarters. So a similar amount of the cost of that planned shutdown will be in the fourth quarter. And then finally, customer inventory management at year-end potentially beyond that normal seasonality could put pressure on our volumes and our capacity utilization rates. Finishing up the segment reviews with Fibers on Slide 8, year-over-year sales revenue decreased primarily due to lower acetate flake sales volume due to our acetate tow joint venture in China attributed to customer buying patterns. The sales revenue decline was partially offset by the sales from the recently acquired cellulosic yarn business and increased sales of textile innovation products. EBIT decreased due to the impact of the inventory recovery in the third quarter of last year or third quarter of 2018 from the coal gas incident and less favorable product mix. On a sequential basis, results were stable with the second quarter. Looking at the fourth quarter, we expect earnings to be consistent with the run rate of the last two quarters as we have made good progress stabilizing results in this business. Lastly, a quick update on our textiles business within Fibers, we are making great progress in our focus areas within textiles as we are aligned with some of the leading brands in our materials particular Naia is incorporated into these customers, sustainability collections. This has been somewhat offset by slower demand and more traditional applications such as suit linings and tapes due to slower economic growth. With that said, we remain confident that we are on track with our textiles initiatives to offset the expected continued decline in tow demand in the long-term. In particular, I am very excited about how we can accelerate growth in Naia with carbon renewal technology adding recycled content to a product that is already bio-based. Switching to the financial highlights on Slide 9, we continue to expect free cash flow approaching $1.1 billion. Our free cash flow is up about $50 million this quarter compared to third quarter of 2018. And our business teams are working hard to deliver this result in a challenging fourth quarter. Consistent with our track record, Im confident in our ability to deliver solid results. Through nine months, weve returned $583 million to stockholders through a combination of share repurchases and dividends and we remain committed to our investment grade credit rating. For the full year, we still expect to de-lever by about $300 million. In the last few years, we remain disciplined in our capital allocation through a combination of share repurchases and increasing dividend and debt pay down. As we progress into 2020, we will continue to use our cash in a combination of all three, including further de-levering in 2020. Our full year effective tax rate is expected to be 16%. Capital expenditures will be approximately $425 million to $450 million for 2019, and we still expect corporate other net cost to be a little above $60 million for the full year. With that, I will turn it back to Mark.
Mark Costa: Thanks, Kurt. On Slide 10, I will provide an update on our 2019 outlook. We continue making progress in closing new business from innovation and market development initiatives. But the increased trade uncertainty including from the U.S. China trade dispute has caused a meaningful deceleration in industrial activity around the world, including Asia and Europe and now here in the U.S. In this kind of economic environment, we are resolutely focused on the things that we can control. As I mentioned, weve made excellent progress on increasing new business from innovation in this environment particularly in Advanced Materials. In addition, we continue to aggressively manage costs across the company and we continue to expect to generate strong free cash flow this year despite the challenging environment. However, this market context is leading to lower volumes in the second half of the year than we had previously expected. There is some continuing pockets of de-stocking related to lower demand such as transportation in Europe and the U.S. And we are also seeing some customers extend maintenance downtimes and shift turnarounds into the fourth quarter to manage inventory due to this deceleration that was not expected in the summer. We are also managing our inventory in the quarter, in line with what we are seeing from our customers. These lower volumes are resulting in lower capacity utilization than we had expected, and the fixed cost hit of the utilization is mostly offsetting the cost savings from our productivity actions we took in the first half of the year. Putting this altogether, we are updating our full year adjusted EPS guidance to a range of $7 and $7.20. Our guidance is based on current economic conditions and normal seasonality from here. However, we cant predict macroeconomic conditions and the extent to which customers will choose to manage inventory at the end of the year. I can give you scenarios where we could be higher given the strength of October orders or lower if we face unusually high inventory management December. And we are maintaining our free cash flow guidance of approaching $1.1 billion which remains a priority and will be a great result in this environment and will present very attractive free cash flow conversion. Earlier I mentioned, its our robustness that gives me confidence in our future what remains true for me today. Even with some unprecedented challenges we face the people of Eastman remain steadfast in our commitment to drive results. And I want to thank them for continuing to execute on our strategy while aggressively managing costs. Big picture, we will continue to focus on what we can control as we manage through this incredibly uncertain environment and remain committed to long-term attractive earnings growth and sustainable value creation from our owners for all of our stakeholders. At the same time, we are looking at every action we can take to increase performance this year and next. Focusing on engaging with customers who seek innovation, especially in the areas of sustainability this fuels our growth in new business revenue closes, providing resources to grow in markets that have favorable trends and resilience in this environment. We are planning to take additional productivity actions to accelerate top line growth to the bottom line. Building on our strong track record of disciplined portfolio management, we will continue to look for opportunities where optimization makes sense. Continue to be focused on free cash flow generation as we manage working capital and we will be disciplined in how we deploy free cash flow. In addition, we are creating another big vector of growth with our new technologies for chemical recycling to enable a circular economy as we once again innovate solutions to improve the quality of life in a material way. And with this meaningful deceleration industrial production reverses as we know well, we will be poised to create even more of our own growth from our innovation-driven growth model and accelerate earnings growth as the mix and fixed cost leverage becomes favorable in the recovery. Thats why I am comfortable we are going to win today and into the future. With that, I will turn it back to Greg.
Greg Riddle: Okay. Thanks Mark. As usual, we have a lot of people on the line this morning and we would like to get to as many questions as possible. So I ask you to please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. With that, Matt, we are ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] First we will go to David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Mark, looking ahead to 2020...
Mark Costa: Good morning David.
David Begleiter: I know its early but  good, thank you, I know its early for 2020. But can you still achieve you think your long-term 8% to 12% EPS growth in 2020 versus this past year?
Mark Costa: Thanks for your question, David. Its good to hear from you. So we are not going to provide a quantitative bridge at this stage in this environment, but let me sort of walk you through how we think about it from where we are today. So if the current economic conditions continue into next year, I guess we all know we have to make that assumption. We believe will deliver earnings growth going into 20 versus 19 and it really sort of breaks down into sort of three core buckets in how we do that. First, innovation is always at the heart of our strategy and you have seen a great demonstration of how thats created value for us in Advanced Materials and we continue driving growth there as well as continuing to get traction on some innovation in AFP even though its much more early stages at AFP, its going to contribute like it has this year in some places. Its also important to remember that we have a lot of markets that do have favorable growth across Advanced Materials, AFP and in CI as well as textiles. So there is a lot of places where we have good growth, whether its Care Chemicals, water treatment and going back to a more normal seasonal demand, medical applications. So, there is just good growth thats going to help, but we do have exposure in consumer discretionary around 45%. Its important to keep in mind that 55% is actually quite stable in consumables etcetera. The other part thats going to help on the demand side will be the vast majority of the de-stocking, if not all should have played out by the end of this year. So, at least on a relative basis, there is no way that we can see the amount of de-stocking that we are seeing this year occur again next year. So that gives you some additional relief in demand and growth. So volume should be better on a variety of different fronts. The second of course is what you can control as well as your cost structure. And as this industrial recession that weve been in for the last 9 to 12 months continues to drag out, we know that we also have to start taking more additional actions on productivity. So well start looking at how we build on what weve done this year, weve taken out a net $40 million of cost down in manufacturing this year as that annualizes in the next year and if we have volume equal to or better than this year, thats going to start to flow through and be a benefit. We are going to are looking at our asset footprint and whether there is opportunities to optimize our asset footprint and take out chunks of costs. Were going to look at how we get much more productive with digital investments. Weve made choices to invest a lot in digital this year, in productivity and commercial execution and already seeing a lot of benefits thats paying for those investments this year and well start seeing the benefits on a net basis next year and there is more investments were going to continue making, And there is a broad set of manufacturing initiatives that were doing on productivity that are giving benefits to the success we had this year that will continue to increase the benefits next year around maintenance and thats both in earnings and cash as well as some other activities. But to be clear, we are going to continue investing in innovation. So next year, we will spend more on innovation than we did this year. We have so many huge innovation programs going commercial in AM and especially in AFP, we have to provide the resources to close that business with customers and ensure we get the benefits of those investments. So thats the second bucket. The third bucket is strong free cash flow. Even in this tough environment, we are generating incredibly strong free cash flow at a very high conversion rate and we have every expectation we can do the same thing next year, and we will continue to be disciplined in how we deploy that cash in dividends, share repurchases, debt repayment and bolt-ons where it makes sense. So thats sort of relative current economic conditions. If there is a trade war settlement, we will do a lot better than that. And if there is a recession, obviously where demand is more challenged, we have additional levers we can pull to manage costs. And the innovation will still create some growth to offset those challenges and I still think the de-stocking is behind us. The thing to keep in mind is, if there is a recovery, the leverage on the upside is equal to the leverage on the downside that we have seen in the last 9 months. So mixed volume asset utilization will come back in a mirror image of what we have been through could there  could provide substantial upside.
David Begleiter: Very helpful. Thank you. And just one more thing for both you and Curt, can you comment on the recent Moodys action to put you on negative watch and how you are thinking maybe about debt reduction versus buybacks next year? Would you be focused more on debt reduction just to remove this issue completely from the table rather than keep on buying back stock? Thank you.
Curt Espeland: Yes. The recent change to negative watch really doesnt significantly change our capital allocation philosophy, as you would expect, we have a very open dialog with our agent  rating agencies about our plans and expectations, they understand, we remain committed to our investment grade credit rating, which is again not only important to us, but many of our investors that I speak with. So we will remain disciplined with our approach to capital allocation which 19 includes $300 million of de-leveraging. If the environment continues to be challenging, as we go into 2020, we will probably do a similar amount of de-levering at a minimum. I imagine over the next couple of months there will be a few debates internally and externally around what should be the amount of de-levering and I look forward to your opinion, David and others on that topic. But regardless of what we do, we will remain on the path of improving our overall debt and EBITDA ratios and further strengthen our balance sheet. A couple of other things I would just remind everyone and David I know you know these well is, we have no material debt maturities over the next couple of years. We generate great cash flows and even in a recessionary environment and then we also have plenty of access to liquidity. So we are well positioned to manage through this uncertain economic environment. So I feel very good about that. And also a reminder that a disciplined capital allocation approach whether thats putting cash to share repurchases, bolt-on acquisitions or even debt pay-down are all viable ways of creating value for our shareholders. So, we are going to remain committed to our investment grade rating. We have a reasonable pathway to continue to improve our credit metrics and then thats consistent with our commitment around the disciplined capital allocation philosophy.
David Begleiter: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar: Yes, hi, good morning. I had a quick question on tire additives business. You had those duties on Chinese tires. How is the trade flow impacting your China business? And is there an offsetting benefit in the U.S. and Europe business?
Mark Costa: So, the tire duties in the U.S. and in Europe had a real impact on tire demand in AFP. What happened is this is really at the customer level they were shipping a lot of tires and it was found that they were dumping in both Europe and U.S. So, all those tires got backed up into China and there is too many tire companies in China and so there has been a pretty aggressive fight there, but trade flows rebalance. So these Chinese companies have also built plants in Southeast Asia. So they just shift their production efforts to go into Europe and the U.S. from there and so its overall created a lot of pressure for all the tire companies. We can see that by some of the big multinational tire company announcement recently about the actions they are taking to improve their cost structure. But for us it did create predominantly a very competitive situation among additive suppliers into tires in China and we felt that impact both in volume and in pricing, which is why we have had the pressure in that business and that ultimately moves across the globe to some degree.
P.J. Juvekar: Thank you. And question for Curt, Curt, you just talked about potential more de-leveraging in 2020 if the economy remains weak. If the economy remains weak, would you try to get some growth through M&A as well and get some inorganic growth. I know that doesnt stick well de-leveraging, but given the choices, how would you allocate capital if valuations come down and M&A looks attractive? Thank you.
Curt Espeland: Sure. While we have always considered, you think about that strategic cash that we have after we funded our own  already organic growth. We love the opportunity to pursue opportunities of growth and bolt-on acquisitions through M&A. And I think we would just have to do that in a smart way. Ive always told the business teams that if they find a great attractive bolt-on acquisition or acquisition in general, well find a way to finance it and well find a way to finance it thats still consistent with our investment grade credit rating.
P.J. Juvekar: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you. Good morning everyone. A question on Chemical Intermediates, the agriculture impact on the amines, obviously we know its tough season in the U.S., do we need to lapse that meaning, do you need the channel inventory to be drawn down before you are going to sell back through so that this could be an issue all the way through the middle of next year or is it already sort of played out?
Mark Costa: Hey, Vincent. From what we can see and what our customers are telling us there one of the volume challenges we are having the back half of this year is their efforts to take their inventory down given the weak season we had this year. Our belief is they will achieve those goals and get back to sort of what is a sort of normal production strategy next year and we will see the benefits of that demand.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And can I also ask you the other and corporate costs appear to be up a lot in the quarter, was there a reason for that and how should we think about that number next year?
Mark Costa: Yes. So if you think about the year-over-year impact of any other segment the primary driver has been that higher pension costs that we talked about, the $30 million or roughly $0.20 impact. And most of that which is really driven by the discount rate as well as the lower assets we started the year, thats really what drove the delta  great management of our cost and innovation programs. So the other areas, so its really the pension cost. As I think about 2020, a little early, but you have already seen the discount rates coming down, so that could very well improve our pension costs next year, we will see if that holds true as we finish out the year.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Next we will hear from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. On your cash flow statement, there has been $165 million positive swing for the first nine months in other items net. What is that and does that reverse next year or continue? Can you provide some elaboration?
Mark Costa: Sure. Really there is two main drivers and that other cash items, Jeff, that are kind of an anomaly this year. First, last year and the end of the third quarter of 18, we had a $65 million insurance receivable that we collected the following month. Obviously, we dont have that kind of receivable this year. And then secondly, this year, we actually have a higher restructuring accrual, a higher than last year because of the events that took place early in this year and thats roughly $25 million. So those are the two main drivers of note. The other things are just the normal things you see resulting from timing of tax payments, other miscellaneous payables-receivables. So you shouldnt see this magnitude of change next year just because of those two things I just mentioned.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay. In listening to your conference call, you spoke about increased competitive activity in the number of businesses and Chemical Intermediates and in your AFP segment, and at least to my ears that sounds new. And you seem to tie it to slowdown in demand and trade difficulties. Can you elaborate on your competitive position in a number of businesses where it seems that the competitive activity has intensified? Can you talk about why thats the case and how long do you think it will maintain itself?
Mark Costa: Sure, Jeff. Its a good question and love to address it. So first of all Advanced Materials I think is looking exactly as a great specialty business, its got. Demand challenges, obviously there is competition, but the innovation is allowing it to offset those market challenges and deliver strong growth, especially when you think about the high consumer discretionary spend and benefit from raw material flow through as you can sort of defend the value in your pricing. So that business is on track and it looks like it should. And, as Curt mentioned in the prepared remarks about two-thirds of the revenue the AFP looks just like AM right. Its got good strong market growth in a bunch of end markets, even though it does have headwinds in the macro economy, especially in automotive. Its offsetting it with expanding spreads and if you back out currency the earnings are even closer to just year-over-year flat. So that business in that part of the portfolio is doing quite well. And then youve got this one-third, that goes to your question, where there is increased competitive activity. And obviously we have some of that in CI in a few places. On the AFP front, the three areas we identified tires, adhesives and formic acid have that dynamic. The dynamic is a little bit different in each business. So in tires, really it is a demand driven event as I mentioned earlier, where youve got a drop in demand. Its increasing competitive activity and of course, we have our new next-generation Crystex weve launched. We have other innovation in tire resins etc that offset some of that pressure, but its just too early stage on the new Crystex launch to sort of offset it. And so youve got pressure in earnings, both in the volume in the macro as well as in spreads. Same is true in adhesives, but which is more of a supply driven event. The demand is a little bit more stable there. But youve had the new supply, which weve been talking about for a while. Similar, weve got innovation launch there to offset it with ultra pure which is this non-emissive low odor or no odor resin, great inventions in amorphous polyolefins that were launching, but not sufficient in this environment to offset some of that pressure. And Formex a more narrow story of just a competitor was shut down in China that came back and it would been fine or mitigated if demand for swine was not going well in China to consume that new capacity, but when the swine populations off 25% to 40% youve got a problem. So overall, what youve got is a situation where this one-third is not performing the way wed like. And we recognize that this is not the kind of stability in overall AFP that we wanted to deliver. So were goanna start looking at all options on how we address this. Those options could be how to restructure some of these businesses or how to partner with them or potential divestment. Whats important to keep in mind is that a lot of considerations have to go into how you make portfolio decisions like this. So youve got to make sure youre not overreacting to sort of short-term macroeconomic problems. You make sure you really assess what is the innovation potential or other improvement opportunities you could pursue, and of course, you have to think about timing of these kind of decisions. But were going to start doing that. CI is critical vertical integration. We havent changed our view on the value of it, but were going to look at asset optimization opportunities there to improve our ability to be more sort of stable. RGP is a great example of an investment we made last year that reduced our ethylene exposure thats been quite beneficial this year. And were going to try and think about what else we can do. So, we do recognize weve got some volatility. The pressures in CI I think is well covered sort of competitive pressure in acetyls and olefins, but we are not standing still, we are going to take action and see what we can do to improve things.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Next question will come from Matthew DeYoe with Bank of America.
Matthew DeYoe: Good morning.
Mark Costa: Good morning.
Matthew DeYoe: You just stated like the backdrop continues to worsen due to trade uncertainty at least was one of the key drivers. Volume is actually shifting on the headlines that youre seeing or just pointing to general [indiscernible]. So Im trying to gauge how sensitive your top line is when you had mention orders picked up in October briefly. But then, would that be consistent with the trade discussions and possible traction there or is that just maybe a one-off?
Mark Costa: Well, first I have learned my lesson about predicting the macro economy this year and exactly what to interpret from any order pattern in one month. I think there is a lot of volatility uncertainty out there, where you go back and forth between an escalation that trade war in August and where there is Phase 1 progress thats debatable in October and theres just a lot of uncertainty thats impacting business and consumer confidence out there. Especially in China, and how thats impacted their economy and sort of global effect that as places like Europe and Southeast Asia, so dependent on exporting to China and you can even now see it impacting sort of U.S. industrial activity. So its a little hard to predict how this is going to trend, but I would tell you that as we look at the impacted  that our guidance and performance has had through the year it is entirely a volume mix story. Where we were in July, we were expecting the economy to be stable relative to the second quarter as we said. Obviously things escalated and thats why our volume forecast came off  were actually off a bit as Curt mentioned in 3Q, and now as we go into 4Q with this slower activity plus normal seasonality leads to this decline in volume, but its all hard to interpret.
Matthew DeYoe: Okay. And if I look at AFP, EBIT margins are down 210 bps and 2Q, like 260 bps in 3Q. How much of this is actually due to poor utilization rates versus competition on price versus volumetric to clients. Give me some clarity there?
Mark Costa: So the entire  for AFP in total the entirety of the hit is a volume mix and asset utilization story. So if you look at the total segment altogether spreads are about flat year-over-year. Obviously there is a bit of a currency hit, but its much more moderate in the second half of the year. So it is totally volume mix hit on the impact that has on variable margin as well as the impact it has on asset utilization. But as I said, its sort of a two-thirds, one-thirds story where we have improving spreads in some places and and compressing spreads in others netting out to flat. Thats not the margin story.
Operator: Next we will hear from James Sheehan with SunTrust.
James Sheehan: Good morning. Thank you. So you just referenced in AFP about a third of the business was not performing the way you would have liked. Could you also assess what proportion of the makeover business falls into that category as well?
Mark Costa: So the only part of to make thats in the one third is formic acid. So when we bought Taminco we were very excited about the Alkylamines platform and the value of that integrated platform into a wide range of end markets. They had acquired a small business in formic acid about a year ahead of buying to Taminco for us. That was a business wed actually looked at and didnt find very attractive, but which is part of the deal that we had to accept. So its a business that just has some competitive challenges, but its a very small part of income.
Curt Espeland: And if I could add some of the positives that Mark referenced in the two parts of two-thirds were also to meaningful Taminco acquisition.
Mark Costa: Yes, we have tremendous growth in Care Chemicals and water treatment. And long-term, weve had great growth in the ag business as well over in the CI side from Taminco, its been a great acquisition.
James Sheehan: And on the chemical recycling projects, you referenced several $100 million of revenue ultimately. How quickly could you start to see commercial revenues from that? What segment would you report those results? And if you could just comment on long-term project returns, if we were to compare the expected returns of those recycling initiatives to other more traditional product innovations, is the ROI higher, lower or about the same?
Mark Costa: Sure. So were incredibly excited about what we can do on the circular economy. For those of you whove been paid attention to this industry, in the last 18 to 24 months, sustainability environmental sensitivity about the impact we are having in the environment, especially with plastics in the ocean and the issues with landfill etc. is one of the biggest disruptive macro trends Ive seen in a decade. And its either a great opportunity as its for Eastman or challenge as it might be for others who are heavily in single use plastics. Fortunately for us, we got PT in 2011. So were not doing circular economy to defend our existing business and single use plastics. All of our investments are to improve our competitive offerings in more durable applications and more specialty applications by adding recycle content into it to deliver net growth. And so well be commercial as we said in the fourth quarter of this year with both technologies, the one we announced this week as well as the polyester one by the end of the year. And that will be incorporating products and driving revenue growth for us next year into the first quarter. Customers are incredibly excited especially in the luxury world, so think cosmetic packaging high in ophthalmic sunglasses where our polymers go. Our textile business even though bio content is highly valued by our customers, the womens wear fashion industries are extremely focused on how to close the loop, a lot of textiles, a phenomenal amount of textiles end up in landfill especially with fast fashion. And so they want to close the loop in our unique CRT technology allows us to actually take back textiles, garments, and recycle them, not just waste single use plastic. We can even carpet back. So we can solve a lot of real serious problems that other technologies cant do. So were really excited about it. Its just a  its great opportunity and this is just the beginning to be clear. These first two steps are very incremental capital and modifying our gas-fire with the CRT to sort of take plastic waste instead of coal, and turn that into cellulosic products. Same thing with polyester, the first step is fairly modest. The ROIs are extremely high. There are bigger investments we can make to do a lot more than were going to do this first step, but even when I look at those capitals, the returns are well above a typical investment project. Because were leveraging into products we already make and already sell into existing markets, its a drop-in replacement. Its just now has recycle content. So we dont have to do qualification.
James Sheehan: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: Thank you. Mark in your concluding comments on scenarios, it sounded like youre October orders actually picked up from September. Why would that have been?
Mark Costa: What Id say is actually October orders are holding similar to September where they normally start trending off seasonally. So I dont want to overstate the October order claim, but its certainly coming in a bit better than we had forecasted. I think its just  customers are managing and growing with a little more optimism and were holding in reasonably well. I can say there is any specific reason I can point to you at this stage. And we really have to watch out for where December plays out this year with this uncertainty, it could go either way.
John Roberts: And then secondly, do you expect IMO 2020 to have an impact on spreads between refinery grade propylene and chemical grade propylene?
Mark Costa: As we look at it, were not seeing that as a significant event. I know theres a lot written about it and a lot of opinions about it. Actually RGP investment I think helps us a bit and gives us more flexibility on that scenario.
John Roberts: Thank you.
Operator: Next we will hear from Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, good morning. Mark, when you look across your portfolio, do you see opportunities for rationalization of assets. It sounds like some of the margin pressure is utilization related, quite understandably, given the environment. So, are there opportunities to consolidate plants or would that be a mistake because youll need the capacity when the macros start to cooperate again in the future?
Mark Costa: Hey Kevin. So we are looking for opportunities like that. Were not going to talk about it on this call, but we have several asset options under investigation for that reason. But our focus is always on innovation being the core thing. But in this kind of environment, you have to look at every lever you can to improve productivity and your cost position to compete.
Kevin McCarthy: Okay. And then secondly for Curt, it seems as though you have put all the capital budget to some degree, maybe you can talk about what has changed there and what your preliminary views of the trajectory could be looking into 2020 and beyond?
Curt Espeland: Sure. On the capital front, what weve been doing is this clause, we are making some adjustments to the investments we make mostly of those are growth investments, just because of the environment and were not quite sure when were going to need that new capacity. Weve already added a large portion of capacity to support our growth this year and last year. So weve kind of just tweak things because we can move things out just because the demand environment is not there right now. And then weve got a great capital team thats also being disciplined on the amount of support capital thats needed to run this company in this kind of environment. Looking at next year, I still keep it right now in the same range we are at today. But a lot of its going to depend on what the economic environment is. If its starting to improve, we might pick up our capital a little bit, if it deteriorates, we may slow it down a little bit more.
Kevin McCarthy: Okay. Thanks, gentlemen.
Operator: Your next question will come from Frank Mitsch with Fermium Research.
Frank Mitsch: Hey, good morning gentlemen.
Mark Costa: Good morning.
Frank Mitsch: I want to think about the fourth quarter and your implied guidance there because its looking like its the lowest EPS ex-CGI that youve done in the last five years. And obviously, volume mix is going to be a big part of that. And so Im trying to think what the range, I mean your volume mix has been improving throughout the year, it was down 6% Q1, down 5% Q2, down 3% this past quarter. What are you baking in to get to this low level for 4Q?
Mark Costa: So, Frank. I mean part of where were coming from is we said in the  we always do this to some degree assume the current activity economic and macroeconomically is the basis for our forecast, so obviously moderated through the third quarter. And then were adding normal seasonality on to that lower base. I mean thats how the forecast got constructed. In addition to that youve got lower capacity utilization, because volumes this year are going to be lower than last year for the second half. So youve got some headwind on asset utilization and that adds to serve some of the decline from third quarter to fourth quarter. But those really are  I mean, theres a little bit of increased competitive pressure on spreads in CI thats part of the story as well, but thats a small part of the story relative to the volume mix and asset utilization.
Frank Mitsch: So I mean, should we be thinking about low single-digits or low double-digits in terms of a decline in volume mix in terms of whats embedded in your guidance?
Curt Espeland: I would say Frank as some of the volume mix that youve seen in the last quarter two is kind of what we are expecting. Its really that utilization effect, that really start to hurt our margins in the fourth quarter. And then well see how those respond depending on demand environment in 2020.
Mark Costa: Yes. Something Id add on that front is that, what Id say is what youre seeing is how were performing in an industrial recession Frank. I dont think there is one in front of us. I think were already in the middle of one that started in the fourth quarter of last year, where you put a lot of the sort of de-stocking, drop in volume thats where some primary demand, weve already been enduring all of that and some of its continuing in the fourth quarter in the US is starting to slow down. We turned to over high-cost inventory from third quarter of 18 to low cost inventory thats always really painful. A lot of that is now behind us. So all of thats behind us at this point. So youre more a bit about where primary demand goes as you look at next year and  but youre still sort of finishing a lot of that sort of adjustment to recession environment out now. And of course you got all these actions were going to take. Another reference point is when you look at what we said at Innovation Day in 2014 that our new portfolio would be a lot more resilient and only down sort of 20% if you did the 09 recession. With the current portfolio versus what we had in 09 versus what we were down was 40%, that sort of playing out on a ratio basis now. So if you look at sort of our earnings performance for the first nine months were about half of sort of the commodity, diversified companies and how weve declined. So the portfolio is performing better. Were obviously not happy about parts of our portfolio and were going to look at ways to address it, but I think were doing quite well in this environment.
Frank Mitsch: Alright. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Anthony Walker: Hi, good morning. Its Anthony Walker on for Bob. Earlier in the call you guys referenced the several buckets that would impact 2020 results. And I understand youre not providing a bridge to next year. I was hoping that you could maybe walk us through the several one-time items impacting 2019 results that you would expect not to repeat next year?
Curt Espeland: So the only other one-time items that I can think that weve talked about this year. One is the unplanned outage, so that you dont expect. And in pension, I already mentioned earlier, where things sit today, pension could be lower. Pension cost should be lower next year versus this year and then currency will be stable. So those are the two or three other major items that I can think of that help next year that are different than they are this year.
Mark Costa: But its important to keep in mind there are a lot of cost reduction actions weve taken are going to sort of annualize and flow into a benefit next year. And if we get volume to be better next year, which I believe we will, that will flow through attractive way with asset utilization.
Anthony Walker: And just can you help us in the bridge to free cash flow in 2019 which you maintained despite the reduction in EPS, I assume youre anticipating a pretty big tailwind from working capital? Thanks.
Curt Espeland: Yes, sure. So we do have a great track record of managing our free cash flow. What youve seen already, weve generated $525 million of free cash flow through nine months. Thats $40 million higher than last year. If you look at fourth quarter last year, we generated $600 million of free cash flow and just in that quarter. Now that did include that $65 million insurance receivable I had mentioned. So its kind of $535 million excluding that. So I think were going to generate roughly that same amount of free cash flow in fourth quarter of this year, despite the lower cash earnings and thats primarily as what you had mentioned, we expect higher working capital release, then the $365 million we did last year given the current environment as well as various working capital initiatives weve been implementing throughout the year. And then as you are to see, were also expecting lower capital expenditures of roughly $10 million to $20 million that helped us achieve this kind of result in this tough environment.
Operator: Next we will hear from Laurence Alexander from Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander: Hi. Could you flush out the year-end de-stocking or extended shutdowns comments that youve made through the call from a different angle, which is if you look at it more as a cumulative effect spread between Q4 and Q1, what degree of impact are you concerned about? And is it just any auto and industrial customers, or are you concerned about a broader kind of de-stock cycle?
Mark Costa: So the de-stocking concerns that we have in the fourth quarter are more about normal seasonality then some sort of dramatic de-stocking event. I mean, clearly weve seen significant de-stocking in the first half of this year that goes way beyond where primary demand was at that point, as people are pulling their inventories down, trying to access lower cost raw materials that were available and adjust to an uncertain environment and  but the rate of de-stocking, the amount of it has decreased significantly as you look through the year, even in the third quarter, I would say it was less than the first half, and fourth quarter will have some of that, but not to the degree that we saw in the first half of this year.
Curt Espeland: And if I could add a Laurence the area that Im hearing from our businesses, these are just our customers trying to work to their inventory targets to finish this year and then you get back to that more normal production levels next year. So this is more about a fourth quarter rather than something carrying into the first quarter of next year.
Laurence Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: And next we will hear from Mike Sison with Wells Fargo.
Mike Sison: Hey guys. Just one quick question, if you think about your guidance for 2019 down about 20, if you get a similar volume mix improvement in 2020, is that kind of the leverage upside meaning you would get $1  $1.20 in earnings per share or is it a little bit  maybe potentially higher because youve taken some cost out and improved the productivity of the portfolio?
Curt Espeland: Well, Mike, welcome back, and we could pace it down with different models and get excited about different scenarios. But yes, if there is a bounce back and restock event we could see a material improvement in EPS next year, thats what Mark talked about. But its really just different scenarios that could play out next year. And its just really too early to call.
Mark Costa: But I think you can be substantial Mike and we believe that will happen when you get a sort of a settlement of the trade war.
Greg Riddle: Lets make the next question the last one, please.
Operator: Certainly. And your final question will come from Duffy Fischer with Barclays.
Duffy Fischer: Good morning, guys. A number of your coatings customers have already gone and there is some cross currents there where theyve talked about raw materials moderating and some numbers on demand have been a little bit stronger, a little bit weaker. Can you walk through your coatings raw material portfolio? What do you think the market is doing that youre selling into, and then how are your products faring in that market?
Mark Costa: Yes. So Duffy, I think our coatings volume situation reflects our downstream customers when we look at just that part of AFP. So I dont see any sort of  on an overall volume point of view, any real differences than what youre hearing from them. The only thing that would be the exception is we did have some very high value additives that go into some automotive coatings into China to predominantly to local OEMs for their cars and that part of the market really is off dramatically. Its probably down 25% year-over-year and so thats been a pretty big sort of mix hit in the overall coating story. But besides that sort of one part of the story everything else is pretty similar and thats why were not at all worried about. Its a proprietary product. Only, we make and Im pretty confident Chinese will make cars again and all the EVs that theyre expected to produce will be largely made by these local OEMs with these paint lines and be a real benefit for us. Its just a short-term issue.
Duffy Fischer: Okay, great. And then one for Curt lastly, can you explain to me why pension is a benefit next year, with interest rates dropping so much more this year than we would have expected. One might have thought that actually the discount rate hurts the gap and so that pension costs would start to move up and maybe more cash flow would have to be put into pensions. But can you just walk through that for me?
Curt Espeland: Sure. There is two dynamics there. First is the discount rate and you just need to think about, because we mark-to-market our pension liability that pension liability gets readjusted at end of this year based on that new discount rate and then that discount rate is the determination of your interest cost. So with a lower interest  with a lower discount rate you have lower interest expense on your pension liability next year. And then secondly, last year we had a dramatic decline in our pension assets, because of the fourth quarter performance in our overall market. The assets obviously are performing much better this year. So if you start the year with a better  total amount of pension assets, then you also get assuming the return on those assets. Thats another contributor that would help our pension expense on a year-over-year basis. So what Im talking about pension cost could return to more normal levels like they were in 18 versus the headwind we faced in 19.
Duffy Fischer: Great. Thank you.
Greg Riddle: Okay. Thanks again everyone for joining us. A replay of this call will be available on our website later today. And I hope you have a great day. Thanks.
Operator: Once again, that does conclude our call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-26 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company Second Quarter 2019 Conference Call. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman's website, www.eastman.com. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded.  We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory Riddle: Okay. Thank you, Ebony. And good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Curt Espeland, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Jake LaRoe, Manager, Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's second quarter 2019 financial results news release, during this call and in the accompanying slides, and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-K filed for 2018, the Form 10-Q for first quarter 2019 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for second quarter 2019. Second, earnings referenced in this presentation excludes certain non-core and unusual items and interim period earnings using adjusted forecasted tax rate. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded and adjusted items are available in the second quarter 2019 financial results news release, which can be found on our website, www.eastman.com in the Investors section. Projections of future earnings exclude any non-core, unusual or non-recurring items With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Costa: Thanks, Greg. And good morning, everyone. I'll begin on page three. I'll start with the strategic highlights from second quarter. We continued on our path of solid sequential earnings growth after a challenging fourth quarter of 2018 and start to this year. Adjusted EBIT increased 11% sequentially in the face of continued global uncertainty and weak underlying demand in many of our end markets. From our perspective, the uncertainty around trade began in the fourth quarter of last year and was escalated in May, and has resulted in a challenging global macroeconomic environment which we're continuing to work through. Despite these challenges, we're still on track for greater than $400 million in new business revenue closes from renovation in 2019, with a 27% growth in the second quarter year-over-year. I've been on the road globally with many of our customers recently and their focus on strong engagement with us on innovation has never been higher, especially on sustainability which is encouraging in this environment. Leading the charge on innovation and market development is Advanced Materials, which posted excellent sequential growth in the second quarter. The sequential growth was delivered by specialty plastics, led by Tritan. We also offset the underlying decline in the auto market with strong growth in premium products, like our paint protection film, premium auto inner layers as well as strong growth in architectural inner layers. These products, among others, show the resiliency of our innovation model as they offset general macroeconomic weakness. I should note that we're also making great progress on innovation initiatives in Additives & Functional Products with commercial orders confirming the value in what we do. That said, we're in a much earlier stage of development in AFP than in AM. As we discussed before, we're aggressively managing costs in this challenging business environment. Overall, we're reducing costs by $120 million. That includes $80 million in offsets of inflation. In addition, in this environment, we have another $40 million in cost actions that we took in April that will mostly impact the second half of the year, which we're on track to deliver.  Consistent with our strategy to remain disciplined on capital deployment, we recently completed a small bolt-on acquisition of INACSA, a Spanish cellulosic yarn company that will accelerate the growth of our textiles innovation products like Naia. We're excited to have the INACSA team as part of Eastman and the integration is off to a great start. Lastly, we returned $423 million to stockholders in the first six months of 2019 through a combination of share repurchases and an increasing dividend. This included $125 million of share repurchases in the second quarter. Before I turn over to Curt for a review of the corporate and segment performance in the quarter, I'd like to add proud I am of our employees around the world who continue to execute our strategy, while also aggressively managing costs in this challenging environment. Curt?
Curt Espeland : Thanks, Mark. And good morning, everyone. I'll start on slide four with a review of our corporate results and I'll begin with the sequential comparison where our second quarter revenue declined slightly and adjusted EBIT increased 11%. The increase in earnings was driven by a strong sequential volume and mix growth in Advanced Materials and continued cost management across the company. On a corporate basis, EBIT increased 170 basis points sequentially, with the margin increasing in all segments except chemical intermediates. Turning next to the year-over-year comparison, revenue and earnings decreased as macroeconomic uncertainty and the slower demand in some of our key end markets in China and Europe, both of which we believe are primarily related to global trade issues, negatively impacted volume and mix. The decrease was also attributed to an unfavorable shift in foreign currency exchange rates and a decline in spreads for some chemical intermediate products. Before I get to the segments, I'll give your macroeconomic assumptions for the remainder of the year, which have changed. We're now expecting current challenging global market conditions to continue, driven by uncertainty around trade issues.  And just to be clear, we are not expecting underlying macroeconomic conditions to improve or deteriorate from what we experienced in the second quarter. We do believe that inventory destocking is mostly behind us and, therefore, our specialty volumes will grow, but will be modestly offset by higher shutdown schedule in second half of 2019 impacting volumes in chemical intermediates. And we are expecting oil prices and the related raw materials to remain around current levels, which will be a benefit to second half as those lower costs flow through inventory. Turning now to slide five and Advance Materials where significant progress on innovation and market development is positioning us to be resilient despite the challenging global economy. Starting with the sequential comparison, volume and mix increased 7% due to an easing of customer destocking, particularly with specially plastic product lines such as Tritan, and continued great progress on innovation and market development. Adjusted EBIT increased 42% sequentially, with roughly two-thirds of the increase driven by improved volume and mix and the remainder from a combination of impproved spreads as lower cost paraxylene is beginning to flow through and cost management. And the EBIT margin increased 530 basis points sequentially given these factors plus improved fixed cost leverage. Turning to the year-over-year comparison, revenue declined due to lower sales volume and the stronger dollar. While we had strong volume growth sequentially as destocking slowed, we still haven't reached our year ago volume levels due to the weakness in global demand related to the trade issues. One market in particular that has been under pressure is transportation, which represents about a third of the revenue for this segment.  Despite this exposure, EBIT increased as improved mixed due to strong growth of premium products, including paint protection film and acoustic and architectural inner layers more than offset the lower volume and the impact of the stronger dollar. Advanced Materials also did a nice job holding on to prices and managing their costs. The EBIT margin year-over-year was 110 basis points. Looking ahead, we expect earnings in the second half of the year to be higher than the first half for a few reasons. First, lower cost raw materials are set to flow-through in the back half of the year. Second, while we don't project underlying demand fundamentals to improve in the second half of the year, destocking looks like it is mostly behind us and is therefore no longer expected to be a headwind. And third, we expect to realize lower costs from the actions we have taken. When we put it all together, we expect Advanced Materials EBIT to be up mid-single digits for the year, which would be an outstanding result in this environment. Turning next to Additives & Functional Products on slide six. Adjusted EBIT was a solid  at $147 million, relatively flat from the first quarter as we saw stability in volume mix with a modest decline in prices, prices offset by cost actions. Year-over-year revenue declined due to lower volume and mix as well as lower selling prices and an unfavorable currency. The volume and mix decline was about two-thirds unit volume and one-third mix. Volume growth in care chemicals and architectural coatings was more than offset by declines in adhesives and tires and some consumer discretionary markets. In particular, China and Europe have slowed due to the anxiety caused by global trade issues, particularly the US/China dispute. At the same time, we believe destocking that began in the fourth quarter continued through the second quarter. As we look forward, we believe that destocking should mostly be behind us, so volume should improve in second half of 2019. Mix was unfavorable, primarily due to lower sales of high-value cellulosic additives into the auto OEM markets in China and Europe compared to the prior-year, which quite honestly was a tough comp. Pricing was somewhat lower, with the largest contributor being cost passed through contracts in care chemicals and a few other products, with the remainder due to competitive rivalry in adhesives and tire additives.  And the impact of swine fever in China increased competitive rivalry in the animal nutrition business in the second quarter.  EBIT declined year-over-year due to the lower volume and mix as well as a stronger dollar, partially offset by continued cost management. Spreads were similar to last year as lower raw material costs were offset by price declines. With spreads stable, the entirety of the margin decline in AFP is due to lower asset utilization related to sluggish demand. Looking forward, given our economic assumptions, we expect EBIT in the second half of the year to increase slightly versus the first half due to higher volume as we believe the destocking is mostly behind us. On slide seven, I'll move to Chemical Intermediates. Year-over-year revenue decreased primarily due to lower selling prices for olefins and acetyls products resulting from raw material price declines and increased competitive activity.  As the trade dispute continues to drag out, competitors in China are getting increasingly aggressive and are starting to try to place volume outside of Asia, particularly in Europe, causing additional competitive rivalry. In addition, sales revenue was impacted by lower functional needs product sales volume attributed to weakened demand in agricultural end markets due in part to wet weather in North America. EBIT decreased slightly as lower spreads were mostly offset by lower costs. These lower costs included the supplier operational disruptions in the second quarter of 2018 not recurring this year, lower planned maintenance costs in the quarter and continued cost management. Looking to the back half of the year, we are seeing spreads in acetyls and glycols stabilizing at second quarter levels and we expect to carry this run rate into the remainder of the year. And consistent with our corporate guidance, we're not projecting an improvement in underlying demand in the back half. The stabilized, but lower spreads, coupled with higher shutdowns scheduled in the second half of the year compared to the first, led us to expect that EBIT in the second half will be lower than the first half. Finishing up the segment reviews on slide eight with Fibers. Starting with the sequential comparison, sales revenue was flat, while adjusted EBIT increased $9 million or 21%. The sequential increase was due primarily to cost management and slightly higher tow sales. And I'd add that the EBIT margin increased 420 basis points sequentially to 24%.  Year-over-year, sales revenue decreased primarily due to lower acetate tow sales volume attributed to weakened market demand resulting from global trade-related pressures and general market decline. In addition, demand in 2018 was unusually high in the first half of the year due to trade issues and multinational customers' buying patterns. EBIT decreased due to lower acetate tow sales volume, partially offset by lower raw material costs and continued cost management. As we move into the second half of the year, we expect earnings improvement compared to the first half for a few reasons. First, we continue to make progress qualifying tow at our Korean facility with CNTC. And as a result, we expect improved Chinese demand for the remainder of the year. Second, the overall textile market was soft in the first half due to general macro uncertainty resulting in destocking for some of the traditional end market applications. We see signs that the dynamic is improving in the second half and will continue to benefit from greater than 25% growth in our textiles innovation initiatives. And finally, we continue to aggressively manage costs in this business.  Putting it altogether, including the promised improvement in the second half, we expect Fibers adjusted EBIT to be in the $200 million to $200 million [ph] range for full year of 2019. Finally, on slide nine, I'll cover some financial highlights. First of all, let me just correct the EBIT for Fibers will be the $200 million to $210 million range. Thank you. Finally, on slide nine, I'll cover some financial highlights. We plan to continue our track record of solid free cash flow conversion and expect to generate free cash flow approaching $1.1 billion in 2019. Despite lower projected net income, we remain confident in our ability to generate solid free cash flow through a variety of levers, including aggressive working capital management. Consistent with our capital deployment, we have remained disciplined in our allocation of cash, including returning $423 million to stockholders in the first six months of 2019.  We're excited about the value creation from our recent two bolt-on acquisitions, first in the first quarter and the last one that Mark mentioned here in July, and continue to look forward to value-creating opportunities. Consistent with previous expectations, we'll delever as needed to keep our solid investment grade credit rating, likely in the $250 million to $300 million range this year.  For corporate other, consistent with the run rate in the first half, we expect the full year to be around $60 million. And finally, we continue to expect our full-year projected tax rate to be between 16% and 17%.  And with that, I'll turn it back to Mark.
Mark Costa : Thanks, Curt. On slide 10, I'll provide an update on our 2019 outlook. In the first half of the year, we've been challenged by a weak macroeconomic environment which began in the fourth quarter of 2018. We believe it's primarily caused by global trade tensions, including the US and China trades dispute. Dispute was escalated in May and there are no signs of when it will be resolved. The impact has been significant destocking across supply chains as well as reduced demand and we've seen this most prominently in China and Europe. In particular, we have seen a meaningful impact on consumer discretionary markets like autos and consumer durables, especially in China and Europe. We've also seen challenges in ag and animal nutrition end markets with weather and the swine flu in China.  This is all much different than what we had expected in our last call in April. And I would add, this dynamic environment has made order patterns more volatile and the outlook for global demand more opaque. And we expect the lower volume will continue to negatively impact fixed cost leverage in back half of the year.  With that said, we're taking actions on what we can control to offset the impact of this environment. We continue to make significant progress driving growth in our new business revenue closes from innovation as we leverage our innovation-driven growth model. You're seeing how this works with the first half results of Advance Materials and our expectations for the year in this business, which reflect a strong contribution for new business revenue closes from motivation to offset weakness in key end markets like autos. And I'm confident you'll see accelerating new business revenue growth in AFP that will add to their resiliency as we scale up their innovations in the future.  In addition, we're aggressively managing costs in this business environment by taking out $120 million of cost to deliver a net $40 million reduction in costs. Finally, we're expecting lower-cost raw materials to flow through into our results in the second half, improving spreads over last year in the specialty businesses. As we think about Q3, we have an unusually high shutdown schedule, the potential for a limited amount of additional destocking and we can all recognize the exceptionally uncertain environment we live in today. So, expect Q3 will be similar to Q2 in EPS and you will not see the normal drop in Q4.  When I put this all together, we expect our full-year adjusted EPS to be in the range of $7.50 to $8 a share. And this includes a headwind of about $0.50 a share from currency and pension. On cash, we expect our free cash flow to approach $1.1 billion as we take actions to generate cash in this environment. Given the challenges we're facing, I view these as solid results and, again, a testament to the resiliency of our business model and the execution of our team. It's this robustness that gives me confidence in our future. Despite the exceptionally challenging environment, we're well-positioned for long-term attractive earnings growth and sustainable value creation from our owners and all of our stakeholders. Our results demonstrate that our innovation-driven growth model is delivering as we create our own growth through innovation and leadership in specialty markets. We continue to win with customers every day. An as I saw on my travels around the world recently, we have unparalleled engagement levels with our customers to innovate, a hallmark of what differentiates us. Our focus on what we can control is working as we continue to reduce our costs to accelerate topline growth to the bottom line. And most important, we have the dedication and drive of people of Eastman who rise to the challenge every day and prove that they want to win no matter what the headwinds are. [indiscernible] and the reason we're winning with so many customers today. In the end, it's our collective determination in the face of challenges that make me so confident in our future. With that, I'll turn it over to Greg.
Gregory Riddle : Thank you, Mark. There a lot of people on the line as usual this morning. And we'd like to get to as many questions as possible. So, I ask you to please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. With that, Ebony, we are ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We will take our first question from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I guess my question is just  as we exit 2019 and if we assume there's some trade resolution hypothetically for the start of 2020, should we envision a snapback in earnings, sort of 2019 is a throwaway year and 2020 goes back to the trend rate you were on before then? Or should we think about 2019 being a new base off of there will be some level of growth in 2020?
Mark Costa: So, first of all, I think it's a little hard to predict 2020 at this point. But to answer your question, the challenges that we have predominantly this year, fourth quarter last year as well as this year, are a volume mix based story. And it's important to emphasize the mix part of this too because a lot of the consumer discretionary markets that we sell to are very high value additives. So, if the trade war gets resolved or stimulus in China works despite a neutral trade situation that starts getting the business confidence and China confidence back up that drives China growth back into gear, which also will improve European economy as well in a substantial way, you would get a snapback. You'll get not just volume recovery in primary demand, but restocking associated with people going back to more normal inventory levels compared to where they are now, which is exceptionally low. And it's a mirror image. The earnings on the volume mix side come back the same way they have dropped this year. So, you would get a very good recovery on that front, on the volume mix side. We, obviously, have taken costs out, and so you get the fixed cost leverage that comes with that as well as you go into next year. On spreads, though, I would assume spreads stay relatively neutral because, in a recovering economy, raws will go up and we'll increase prices to keep up with raws like we did last year. So, it will still be a volume mix story just on the other side.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And, Curt, if I could just ask you on the cash flow, obviously, very strong performance year-to-date despite the earnings challenges. When you talk about improved working capital performance, should we be thinking that the work you're doing this year is going to lead to sustainably different or better working capital ratios that we can build into next year? Or are these just extraordinary efforts you're making this year given the challenging macro circumstances?
Curt Espeland: Thanks, Vince. What you see right now is our free cash flow has been kind of running similar to last year. And again, we've got a lot of talented people helping us manage cash flow across the company. What I'd say is, on the working capital side, we'll be aggressive. Normally, we'd see working capital relief second half of the year. In addition, you're getting some benefit to the flow-through of low raw material value. So, that's helping. And then, we are taking some additional steps to address our working capital across different fronts, multiple fronts, quite honestly. And so, yes, I would expect that to improve some of our working capital statistics. And I would say that's not an improvement this year. I think it's a multiyear effort as well that will help contribute to, again, a wonderful free cash flow story with our business. Which, following up on Mark's other question, we'd also expect our free cash flow to improve in that kind of environment as well. And so, I love the free cash flow of this company that reflects the quality of our businesses. And that free cash flow is coming to you [indiscernible] at a free cash flow yield approaching 10%.
Mark Costa: Yeah. I would just add on that, on Curt's comment on the 2020. Not only do you get the earnings back when the demand recovers and the cash comes with it, you also pull inventory down in that environment. So, it can be quite strong.
Vincent Andrews: Thanks very much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jeff Zekauskas with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Thanks very much. Your sales were down in the United States in the second quarter year-over-year. Why was that? What's shrinking in the US and what's growing?
Curt Espeland: Sure, Jeff. The principal driver of the drop in revenue in the US is pricing in Chemical Intermediates. You have to remember that, unlike many other companies out there, the predominance of our Chemical Intermediates business is located in North America. And so, the vast majority of the revenue and the price decline is reflected there. The good news is we also don't face the  much more competitive dynamics in Asia or Europe for those kind of products where the prices are even much lower than where we are today. So, that's part of the story. And then, demand just a bit off with some destocking and careful behavior, as well as things like the wet weather in ag that's driven that revenue down with the planting season being curtailed.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Okay. And, secondly, perhaps I missed it in your discussion. So, so far Fiber's demand this year is down 11% roughly or 8% in volume terms. What's behind that? And was that your outlook at the beginning of the year?
Mark Costa: The outlook was for the first half to be challenged on volume relative to the second half. So, that was our outlook. This is playing out as we expected. It's really about timing of orders in two fronts, Jeff. So, on the customer buying patterns of the big multinationals, 2018 first half was just exceptionally high relative to second half of last year. There just tends to be chunkiness in how they order and that's what was the pattern last year. Amnd then, on top of that, you had some trade-related issues as well that drove some prebuy in Q2, not in China, but in some other countries worried about trade that pre-bought around trade uncertainty. And then, you had, of course, good orders in China in the first half of the year for tow imports that dropped pretty significantly as we went into the second half. So, it's all a timing issue. So, what you'll see is we had these two  the first half drop and then the second half will be some improvement over last year.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Okay, great. Thank you so much. 
Operator: Our next question will come from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Mark, in AF&P, given the challenged results in the first half of the year and the full year, any concerns that this business may not be as special as perhaps you thought it might be?
Mark Costa: I was guessing that question might come this morning. No, I'm not concerned about this specialty nature of this business. Let's just start off with the fact that, in Q2, which was, obviously, a challenging quarter for us, we had 25% EBITDA margins, which I think demonstrate very high-quality earnings. But much more importantly, you've got to decompose into its components to really understand what's going on. So, first of all, the price side of the equation, which I think is the bigger test than the volume question, around the specialty nature of business, I think we're actually doing quite well on managing price here. So, when you look at a price decline of 3%, half of that, as we told you, is cost pass-through contracts, predominantly in care chemicals and a few other products. So, the spreads are absolutely stable and we're driving good volume growth in those product areas. But there is so much volatility on the raws on those those specific products. We neutralize that volatility with the CPG. The other half is competitive pressure. So, we're talking about a 1.5% decline here year-over-year due to some competitive factors. And in that, there is really sort of three stories, but the underlying story is the same at a high level in all three. So, you've got some pressure. And insoluble sulfur in tires, you have some pressure in adhesive resins and a few animal nutrition products. And if you look at the last decade, we've always had tremendous growth in China leading the world in growth. And as you look at these product areas, we're running out of capacity in all of them because demand was so strong globally that we added capacity to serve growth in these areas and our competitors did too. So, you certainly have this capacity being added in the last year to support growth as the markets were tight. At the same time, for the first time in the last decade, we've had a big drop in demand in China. So, you have a competitive situation. But the good news about all three of those things is there's strong underlying growth. There's a long-term belief that China is going to grow as a market beyond what's going on here in the short term. And importantly, and key to our strategy, unlike our competitors in these specific areas, is that we have innovation strategies to extend and add more differentiation and growth to these businesses.  So, in all three, we've launched a new Crystex Cure Pro product that demonstrates far superior mixing efficiency to our competitors. Product trials going on everywhere, getting orders, but it's early. Same thing in adhesives. Very strong underlying market growth in hygiene and other products that will absorb the capacity over time, [indiscernible] packaging, tapes, labels right now, creating some demand space. But, more importantly, we're adding a new no odor, no volatile organic product that is a significant differentiator. There's very high demand. It'll be online by the end of this year. Same thing on animal nutrition. We're moving from just selling to organic acids into formulated products and have tremendous growth there. So, well, the timing is not great. If this had happened  this trade war had happened two years from now into the future, it would look more like AM. These products would all be in market, having a lot more traction, helping offset some of the underlying demand problem. So, net, spreads are flat. We don't have spread compression in this segment. But some of the raw material tailwind has been offset by some of these prices. The key here is the volume mix story. And as Curt mentioned, the volume parts, the unit volumes that are coming off, principally because of demand, and then you've got the mix story with cellulosic additives and few other high margin additives. So, it's a volume mix story. So, negative fixed cost leverage that comes with that. And that's the entirety of the margin percent story. So, we don't think this is commoditizing.
David Begleiter: Very helpful. And, Curt, just on the shutdown costs in Q3, could you qualify those versus Q2?
Curt Espeland: Yeah. What I'd say, just in general, on shutdown costs as a whole, they're only modestly higher year-over-year, but the trend of the shutdown costs are different. Over the last couple of years, we've had the higher shutdown costs in second quarter and fourth quarter. This year, it's more going to be in third quarter and fourth quarter. So, that sequential year-over-year impact on third quarter is going to be just over $30 million higher shutdown costs third quarter of this year compared to third quarter of last year. Now, what that means is you won't have  last couple of years, you had had more headwind from third quarter going into fourth quarter, but this year the shutdown costs will be roughly the same third quarter and fourth quarter.
David Begleiter: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Aleksey Yefremov with Nomura Instinet.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. In tire additives market, could you describe what's happening with demand there? And also, could you tell us whether pricing continues to come down or has stabilized after the recent declines?
Mark Costa: So, on the demand side, this actually predates the Trump initiated China-US trade dispute. There was a number of anti-dumping duties put in place by Europe and the US on truck tires that dramatically constrained where the Chinese tire producers could sell their products, backing up a lot of that production into China. Helped the multinationals and we've benefited from that in North America and Europe. But, obviously, China is a huge tire production market and that got very competitive when those companies didn't have any market access. And the market has been growing really fast. So, not only did tire companies add a lot of capacity to support this growth that they were expecting that did not materialize, we have some competitors who are also adding capacity to sort of serve that growth. So, that really is the story on the demand side. And, overall, market is obviously down. The truck tire market is off with lower commercial activity, the OEM production market is off. But it's important remember that 75% of tires are replacement as opposed to new production. But it's still connected to commercial activity. And we're highly levered to commercial activity. And our product that we sell, our largest product, insoluble sulfur, so when that comes off, you're going to feel that demand hit. On the price side, I think prices have come off due to the competitive dynamics we've described. It appears to stabilize in the second quarter. From what we can see, demand is going to improve as we work through this destocking as we go into the back half of the year.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thank you. And as a follow-up, on amines, you mentioned a few challenges with demand. How is your inventory in amines and how is the inventory across the industry?
Mark Costa: Well, I can't speak to the industry. I would say what you have across many of our businesses, whether it's amines or others, we've kind of got our production planning for an improvement for the second half of the year versus the first. And so, now, we're just adjusting operating rates where some areas weren't as strong including amines, where you didn't have that seasonal improvement in demand as much as we had hoped given the weather. But we're managing our inventory and operations as we adjust to demand as we do across all our portfolio.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thank you.
Operator: Moving next Duffy Fischer with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Duffy Fischer: Yes. Good morning. First question just around the cost cutting program, you had the net $40 million in kind of before things got worse than you expected. Should we expect another major program in the back half of the year or early next year if these conditions continue?
Curt Espeland: So, as we look at our cost structure, obviously, we saw some uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment back in April and we took additional actions to cut costs. $40 million is on top of the $80 million to offset inflation is a pretty aggressive program. We don't think there's another step of additional costs that we're going to take in this current economic environment. That's substantial. We're obviously going to manage costs aggressively wherever we can. But we have a tremendous amount of growth we have in innovation. We have tremendous engagement in customers that we have to serve. We have to maintain and run our plants reliably in this environment. And I think we're getting to that point. And we're one of the lowest cost investigative [ph] R&D as a percentage of sales in the industry for the kind of innovation we are doing. We're in the bottom quartile. So, I think we've always run our company very efficiently. Now, obviously, if we go into a bigger, more significant drop in demand due to a global recession kind of environment, we will have additional actions we can take in cutting costs because we have a good amount of variable cost in our large integrated plants and how we run them over time and contractors.
Duffy Fischer: Thank you. And then, just on your commentary that Q3 looks like Q2, so right at $2 a share, and then to get to the midpoint of your annual guidance, that would be about $2 a share then in the fourth quarter, which is up almost 45% year-on-year. Can you either walk from Q3 into Q4, how you keep things flat; or Q4 over Q4, how you would improve it 40%? Why does fourth quarter look so much different than it has historically?
Mark Costa: Yeah. It first starts with why is Q3 so different. And then I think it's easier to talk about Q4. So, in Q3, we do expect improvement to be sequentially strong from Q2 to Q3, but it's been offset due to the higher shutdown schedule. Normally, high shutdowns in Q2 and Q4. This year is just different where we have a large cracker that we're taking down and a bunch of other shutdowns that we're doing in Q3. So, you've got this headwind from Q2 to Q3. And on a year-over-year basis, as Curt noted, about $30 million difference versus last year in Q3 due to that shutdown schedule. Now, we're taking overall costs down just to be clear. It's a timing issue about when costs show up and you have these period of costs with the shutdown in Q3. So, as you go to Q4, you would normally have this headwind. It was roughly $30 million last year from Q3 to Q4 that knocks earnings down sequentially Q3 to Q4. You're not going to have that this year, so that's part of the explanation. You don't have that headwind. Second, Q4, I think is not going to be your typical Q4. You've got innovation, market development that's continuing to drive growth and create growth, which is great, that will help have volume be better. You have companies that are already destocked to some degree. There still be volume lower in Q4 versus Q3 due to seasonal patterns, but probably not as much destocking as normal. You've got costs flowing through on raw materials. And because volume hasn't been as strong, taking longer for that to flow through, but it will certainly start showing up in Q4 as we look at it, as well as the manufacturing cost reductions flowing through. And we're a LIFO accounting shop, to keep in mind. So, you had all these dynamics playing on that allowed Q4 to be quite good. And if you're comparing it specifically to last year, you've got to remember that, last year, it was a really easy comp. It was extremely  not only did you have the $30 million headwind and shutdowns from Q3 to Q4 last year, you had dramatic reduction in plant rates to adjust to the destocking and volume drops last year and high cost raws flowing through last year versus this year of low cost raws flowing through. So, all that combines together to give us confidence about how we're guiding.
Curt Espeland: And if I could just add, the sequential impact of those shutdown impacts, second quarter to third is roughly $20 million compared to that $30 million year-over-year period [indiscernible].
Duffy Fischer: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jim Sheehan with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Jim Sheehan: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So, longer term, I think you planned for innovation-led business model to lift your gross margins higher than they are today. Where are your gross margins per unit tracking and how do you plan to improve that metric over the next 12 months?
Curt Espeland: Well, you can see, at our Innovation Day, we talked about a growing EBITDA margin. We're probably a couple percentage points below that. Part of that's going to be that volume mix because we're not getting all these specialty business sales that we premised back [ph] at our Innovation Day. And that's just because of the macroeconomic environment. So, I still believe we can get back to those margins that we talked about at our Innovation Day across our portfolio. Part of that is again getting those specialty sales back to where we think they're going to be, and that was to one of the earlier comments today, getting back to what a more robust economy would support. And on top of it is the fixed cost leverage you get across the portfolio because, with Mark, we've added some areas of new capacity. We have room to grow into those and then just  we have an environment where it's kind of sluggish. But once we get back on track in those specialty areas, you're going to love the fixed cost leverage we're going to get in both Advanced Materials and Additives & Functional Products.
Mark Costa: I just want to add. Mix is an incredibly powerful tool in the center and heart of our strategy. So, as we're growing high margin products through innovation, above segment and company average in AM and AFP, you just get a powerful lift in your margin. And you see that in how AM recovered from Q1 to Q2 and how it's going to deliver earnings growth for the full year. But, unfortunately, if you have a demand contraction like AFP has right now, you're going to feel that mix hit. And, really, in Q2, it was really substantial. The cellulose additives that we sell and a few of these other additives that go into automotive market are very high value, and so we really felt that mix hit to this year and last year  Curt mentioned there was a tough comp. Last year wasn't just demand that was good. We also had some prebuys associated with sort of trade fear in China and some restocking with the coal gas event in Q2. So, it was really tough comp for that specific area inside AFP versus last year.
Jim Sheehan: Great. And in adhesive resins, you've been talking about competitive pressure in that market for quite some time. When do you expect to see an easing in the general market conditions and also when do you expect your low VOC product to start gaining traction and we start seeing better numbers in that business?
Mark Costa: So, I think 2019 is the year where things are bottoming out. It's really hard to call the quarter on it, but prices have stabilized. The demand situation is great in hygiene, which continues to drive growth and absorb capacity. But a few of the other markets that are more packaging, tapes, labels, things like that, is obviously more caught up in the macro environment and demand is off, which will obviously, I think, stabilize and get better as we move forward. So, I think it's playing out this year. When it comes to the innovation products, there are two sets of innovation products. Directly in resins, we have this low volatile product that has been verified by our customers to be the best in the market. We're getting all the trials going on now. Pl;ants being modified to be able to make it. The good news is it's just a modification of existing asset. We don't have to build a new plant. So, we'll be online selling that product next year and that will really help. We also have great success in polyolefin. So, we make some amorphous polyolefins for this market, having great growth. Not a new area for us that we haven't been in and we're really getting a lot of adoption on some new products there that dramatically improve the hot-melt adhesives for hygiene and some other applications. So, several avenues of growth to stabilize and grow that business while we work through this new capacity in the market.
Jim Sheehan: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from PJ Juvekar with Citi. Please go ahead.
PJ Juvekar: Yes. Hi. Good morning.
Mark Costa: Good morning.
PJ Juvekar: So, you mentioned that due to the weakness in China, producers there are getting more aggressive and placing product in Europe. Can you talk about what products or what chains is this occurring in? And is that a long-term trend you see or is this something near term, short term because of weakness in China?
Mark Costa: So, the example I think would be adhesives where you see some of that capacity in Asia getting placed in Europe that was intended to support growth in China. So, that would be an example. Animal nutrition will be the other example where you have a bunch of capacity that was added in China to serve animal nutrition. And then, with the swine population being decimated in China, people are looking for another home for that. None of these actually create long-term concern for us, PJ, because obviously the Chinese have to eat, and so they're going to grow more pigs and absorb that capacity again. And same thing is true about hygiene growth and everything else. Adhesives, as that demand recovers, it'll start absorbing it back into China. Now, that applies to the rest of the story. We've just never been through  the industry has never been through a story where China is the problem. They've been the source of growth to absorb capacity being added in Asia as well as other markets, and now they're not, so that just creates a different dynamic.
PJ Juvekar: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you. And then, a quick question for Curt. Curt, you talked about doing bolt-on M&A, like you did in the first half. Has there been any change in valuations of deals you're looking at given the downturn? And would you say that  would you look at deals more abroad given you're more of a heavy footprint in the US? Thank you.
Curt Espeland: Yeah. Thanks for the question. No, we're excited about again the bolt-ons we've completed so far this year. Good businesses. Great people. Nice synergies. All the things we look for in acquisitions. We continue to have an active pipeline. I won't say our activity is increasing because multiple is coming down because we've always been a disciplined party. Maybe it's a contributing factor. We're able to get deals done more. But the businesses we've been talking to have had reasonable valuation expectations. And so, to the extent the market is more conducive to reasonable multiples, we'll continue to increase our activity. When I think about the rest of this year, just to kind of level set that, we're continuing to be active. I've mentioned some amount of acquisitions we can do, roughly $100 million this year. It's possible. But, right now, we have nothing imminent in our portfolio on acquisitions, but we're still actively working our pipeline and we'll continue to be disciplined as you've seen over the years with our acquisition strategy.
PJ Juvekar: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Frank Mitsch with Fermium Research. Please go ahead.
Frank Mitsch: Hi. Good morning, folks. Eastman started to see a return in rush orders in the May and early June timeframe, which kind of indicated that business was getting a bit better and there was no inventory at the customer levels and EPS growth for 2019 was very much still on the table. So, I'm curious what have you specifically seen since the mid-June till today timeframe to take any EPS growth off the table.
Mark Costa : Sure, Frank. Yes, it's obviously been a pretty dynamic time and predicting demand and orders has been tricky for a while now. In the second quarter, we were on track up through the first week of June with demand, the trends that we saw that we thought were in the range that we gave you in April. And then, in the last two weeks of June, we just saw a dramatic slowdown relative to what should have been a normal order pattern in June leading up to the G20 meeting. So, from what I can figure out, people got very nervous about what's going to happen in that meeting and they all decided to start managing inventory down and reducing their orders given that risk. And we actually saw the exact same thing in the last two weeks of February, headed up to the March 1 deadline when people were worried about the US tariff. So, I think there is this sort of push pull kind of thing around economic uncertainty that's driving some behavior. And so, that was part of it. There's no question that we saw  there was more risk on the table after the May escalation in the trade war. And that risk, as you got through G20, got confirmed that there was no end in sight about this trade war, and now at a higher level of tariffs and more disagreement than less, certainly from where we saw the world in April on how this was going to get settled. So, as you as you look to that, we had to step back and revise our macroeconomic assumptions. I think everyone in April thought, and through the beginning of May at least, that the economy was going to get better in the back half of the year, trade war was going to sort of settle, certainly not escalate. And now we're in just a very different world. I don't think that's true and I think many of our peers and other people and the macro data support that. There's not a lot of signs of economic recovery coming in the second half. So, we had to revise our assumption down on that.  And it's not just about China. When you think about that, Europe is highly dependent on trade to China and there's other factors, obviously, going on in Europe. So, that economy has slowed down. That's led to a lot of destocking and expectation of lower demand, automotive and other consumer discretionary markets taking the primary hit as people are cautious.  Reality is, if you look at the last three quarters, you can say we're in an industrial recession now. Industrial production is down. Even in AFP, as I look at the demand story there, third of it's mix and the other part being unit volume. We're not really losing much share. Maybe 1% of that 8% is about share loss in these competitive stories I was just telling. Demand is down even in AFP. If you look at all of our peers who are industrial exposed, we're in a negative demand situation. So, that's the kind of environment we now have to adjust to. We thought it would stabilize and get better and we've revised our assumption.  Now, obviously, if the economy gets better, so will our results, but that's what we're operating under and then you've got some additional things like this ag and animal nutrition story as well. So, that's really sort of what drove our reduction, combined with spreads being a little more challenged in CI than we had expected that we'd expect to sort of continue at this level going forward. We don't think it will get worse, but we don't see why it would get better.
Frank Mitsch: That's very helpful, Mark. And, Curt, the company has been doing a nice job in its $125 million per quarter pace on share buybacks. Are there any factors that might influence either up or down or should we really anticipate Eastman continuing on that pace?
Curt Espeland: As we know, capital allocation is dedicated and committed to a lot of different areas. One of those is also debt repaydown, that $215 million to $300 million level. Share repurchases will be pretty disciplined. The only thing that could adjust it, if we do an acquisition, that will come out of that share repurchase bucket. So, you can do the math off that, Frank. We typically do a pretty average  dollar average growth throughout the year.
Frank Mitsch: Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question will come from John Roberts with UBS. Please go ahead.
John Roberts: Thank you. I think I saw some IHS data that said cigarette demand in China was up 6% to 7% year-to-date. I guess people maybe smoke a little bit more in a weaker economic or in a more uncertain environment. So, do you think that's correct? And maybe could you reconcile the outlook for your business?
Mark Costa: Sure. So, as you know, since 2014 and now, there's been a dramatic drop in the amount of imports into China. And we do have a JV in China. It's running full and making good profits, to the story of the demand you're talking about. But total imports into China now are just incredibly low in total compared to where we were. So, the growth that you're talking about is being served by plants owned by CNTC in China. And then on top of it was the trade war. We're not seeing that benefit in the last three quarters because the CNTC chose not to buy from plants in the US. Now, we'll get some of that demand back and benefit from some of the story you're talking about as we get the Korea plant qualified into the back half of this year, but that's really sort of the difference.
John Roberts: Thank you.
Operator: Moving next to Mike Sisson with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Mike Sisson: Hi, guys. Mark, if you think about the earnings reduction from April, it's about $1.10 from FX, a little bit from the shutdown. How much volume do you need to get in the businesses to sort of recoup the rest at some point in time?
Mark Costa: Yes. Our current guidance assumes, as Curt indicated, that there's going to be some modest improvement in demand, principally because destocking is not occurring anymore as a way specialties can grow. Obviously, we'll not be selling a bunch of chemical intermediate products that we're just not producing because of the large shutdown. And that's the corporate volume down to being more modest. So, that's embedded in our guidance and what we expect. And that's really by far the largest driver in the change of our guidance from April to now, is this revision on a volume mix expectation going forward combined with bit lower spreads in CI and this currency headwind.  I would also note that, you're probably not going to get quite as much raw material tailwind out of AFP, but that's a minor part of the story relative to the volume mix part of it. And that's the change in our outlook. Something I'd emphasize on this and why I'm very confident about us moving forward is we just need the economy to get a bit better and confidence return where people get to normal inventory  want to go back to normal inventory levels and we can get a strong recovery in earnings at some point, back to comments I made earlier. And that's I think a compelling position to be in why we manage costs very aggressively. Chemical Intermediates  that's in the specialties. In Chemical Intermediates, you have to get markets to get really tight again for those spreads to come back because not only is demand off, but supply has been out in a lot of those kind of products. So, I feel really good about how specialty is going to recover. And I feel good about that 70% of our earnings where Chemical Intermediates has now been reduced to a much smaller percentage of our portfolio. And I'm also proud of the actions we've taken to mitigate some of that volatility with the RGP investment. So, I even think Chemical Intermediates is performing relatively well to the market and how we both kept price reductions at a minimal level given our North American position, our great team execution, as well as investments like RGP to reduce volatility. 
Mike Sisson: Right. So, as a quick follow-up then, in AFP and AM, is it fair to say the bulk of the volume that you need in the second half is kind of new products and, to some degree, within your control?
Curt Espeland: It's in our control to some degree which is  no question, innovation is driving a lot of growth, especially in AM. As I mentioned, the innovation platforms are really exciting in AFP, but just at an earlier stage and that's why you see the difference between AM and AFP on sort of the demand story. But we'll get there over the next couple years. And we are assuming destocking is playing its way out. I think it's a key macroeconomic assumption we're making. We're assuming some residual destock in Q3, but that is a key assumption about why demand gets better in the second half versus the first half.
Mike Sisson: Right. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Rob Koort with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Robert Koort: Thank you. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the way you guys buy paraxylene and how that would flow through into the income statement, what the lag is until we actually see it on a cost of good line?
Mark Costa: If I think about the Advanced Material segment, specifically specialty plastics, I think of their inventory turns probably in that of five to six-month range. So, the inventory turns are long just because of the supply chain that we have there. Maybe four to six months is how I'd characterize the inventory turn and how long it takes for that lower paraxylene to show itself.
Robert Koort: Would that imply, Curt, that we'd see this nice decline in the last couple of months will show up probably in the fourth quarter, maybe early next year?
Curt Espeland: I think that would be a good way. The only thing I'd add on top of this, don't forget we're a LIFO shop. But, yeah, I would take that kind of time period to see this kind of paraxyle flow through. And as the business does a nice job getting pricing relative to its performance characteristics, and so that should help the margins of this business second half of this year and definitely going into next year.
Robert Koort: And then, on AM, I haven't heard you guys call out architectural inner layers that often. Could you give us some scale or scope of how big that business is and how those margins might stack up against the segment average? Thanks.
Mark Costa: Yeah, architectural is about half of the inner layer business inside Advanced Materials and it's been great. It's primarily commercial buildings, predominantly in Europe where the code drive's use of laminated glass, and it's just been delivering strong growth last year and this year with the amount of commercial building activity there. And we have a lot of good premium products as well.
Robert Koort: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Kevin McCarthy from Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Kevin McCarthy: Good morning. Mark, as you look broadly across the portfolio, are there examples of product lines where your July order books or your visibility into 3Q is materially better or worse than the average 2Q levels? Any outliers on that front?
Curt Espeland: When I look at it, demand in July is holding up quite well across the company on the order books. We're seeing good growth and, I should say, stability relative to June and July. I've also learned my lesson at this point not to predict demand for the quarter based on order books in any one month because there's just too much volatility out there. But what I'd say overall is orders are holding up well.
Kevin McCarthy: Okay. And then, second one, if I may on Advanced Materials, just to kind of follow-up on the prior thread of discussion, like you indicated back half better than the front half in terms of the earnings prospects there. If I look at the five years prior, the opposite has been true. And so, I guess, my question is, are there other factors besides the flow through of lower paraxylene costs that are helping you in the back half in that business that you would call out?
Mark Costa: So, a couple of things. One again, what you already mentioned, the flow through of lower raw materials. Also, keep in mind, the fourth quarter last year was a pretty down year for that segment just because of the amount of destocking that occurred in the fourth quarter. And so, that to me is a big factor as well. And then, the cost reduction activities will benefit that business like, well, the rest of the segments.
Curt Espeland: The other key is, there's a lot of destocking in the first half of this year that's not remotely normal. We believe it's played itself out as we go into the back half. And, obviously, that creates the distortion first half, back half.
David Begleiter: Great. Thank you very much. 
Gregory Riddle: Ebony, let's make the next question the last one please.
Operator: Thank you. Every one, we'll take our final question from Lawrence Alexander with Jefferies. Please go ahead, sir.
Laurence Alexander: Hi. Just quickly then, can you tie your comments on destocking to how you're thinking about the risk of extended customer shutdowns in either August or into year-end? Can you touch briefly on  back to the discussion about the snapback scenario, whether your customers are giving feedback that they are concerned about a recurrence of trade wars and therefore tighter inventory policies even if this trade war is resolved?
Mark Costa: Yes. In general, what I'd say is people have taken a very tight inventory strategy for the last three quarters. They've been working things down pretty aggressively, given the level of uncertainty that we face. And there's a limit. Once you get inventories really low, you can't go any further than that unless there's a fundamental step down in demand. So, I think we have customers already living sort of at very short order patterns and very tight inventory management. To your first question, Laurence, on extended shutdowns, that would be potential risk to our forecast if there was very significant shutdown of the auto industry. That's not in our current forecast. 
Laurence Alexander: Thank you.
Mark Costa: That would push us to the lower end of our range as opposed to somewhere else.
Gregory Riddle: Okay. Thanks again everyone for joining us this morning. This call will be available on replay on our website this afternoon. We hope you have a great day.
Operator: Again, this does conclude today's call. Thank you for participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-26 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Please standby. Good day everyone, and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company First Quarter 2019 Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman's website www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Greg Riddle: Okay. Thank you Kim, and good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Curt Espeland, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Jake LaRoe, Manager, Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's first quarter 2019 financial results news release, also during this call and in the accompanying slides, and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-K filed for 2018 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for first quarter 2019. Second, earnings referenced in this presentation excludes certain non-core and unusual items. In addition, historic quarterly earnings use an adjusted tax rate, using the forecasted tax rate for the full year that excludes the provision for income taxes for the same non-core and unusual items. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded and adjusted items are available in the first quarter 2019 financial results news release, which can be found on our website www.eastman.com in the Investors section. Projections of future earnings exclude any non-core unusual or non-recurring items With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Costa: Thanks Greg, and good morning everyone. I'll start on page 3. In the first quarter of 2019, we had a number of accomplishments we can be proud of, and a number of challenges to take on. Before we get into the financial results of the quarter, I'd like to pause and take a moment to discuss some of the important highlights from the quarter. First, after challenging fourth quarter, we delivered a 28% sequential improvement in our earnings, and we expect this momentum to continue on to the second quarter. We also received an ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year award for the eighth consecutive year, demonstrating our commitment to operate our facilities responsibly and efficiently. Eastman is always searching for ways to leverage our world-class operations and macro trends like sustainability, and I'm proud of the investments we're making in methanolysis and the carbon renewal technology, which provides serious solutions to enable the circular economy. In this environment, we continue to see strong customer engagement with our innovation programs and delivered an 8% increase in new businesses revenue closes from our innovative products. As always, we also continue to aggressively execute on cost management, running a highly productive organization and we have increased our cost reduction actions given the short-term macro-economic challenges. Consistent with our strategy to pursue bolt-on acquisitions in our specialty businesses, we completed the acquisition of Marlotherm heat-transfer fluids from Sasol, opening up their product offerings in new regions and we'll continue to pursue bolt-on M&A where it makes sense. Core to how we win is our ethics and integrity and we appreciate the recognition is one of the World's Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere for the sixth consecutive time. And finally, these awards and the focus of our strategy comes back to our owners, where we consistently return cash to our shareholders. We returned $212 million to shareholders in the first quarter of 2019, an 18% increase over the first quarter of 2018. On slide 4, we continue to execute our innovation-driven growth model to create superior value. Today, I'd like to highlight two specialty product lines: one is, Advanced Materials and another is Additives & Functional Products, both in a challenging end market transportation. Although, we've seen weakness in global transportation markets over the past two quarters, especially in Asia. I'm very excited to report that our team continues to deliver strong growth in our premium innovative products. One example, fueling this growth is Saflex heads-up display, where we are delivering double-digit growth, including an impressive 20% growth in Europe. We're well positioned to create growth in an even challenging transportation market for a number of reasons. Our world-class PVB technology platform enables us to continue to introduce new products to meet the evolving needs of the marketplace. We are deeply engaged both with our customers, and equally important across the entire value chain, including the premium auto OEM brands and project -- and projected manufacturers. And our application development capabilities enable us to tune our products for the unique challenges associated with each model, including standards for optical clarity and the complexity of the design. The end result is our products sold at a premium price growing at multiples of the underlying market, to meet this reinforce of the value of our innovation-driven growth model. Another innovation in transportation is where we're winning with customers in our next-generation Crystex product, which is essential in a challenging tires market. It is produced at our new facility in Kuantan, Malaysia, which is now fully operational, and we're seeing accelerated adoption of our new and innovative product Crystex Cure Pro. Tire makers who win in their markets are under constant pressure to improve tire performance, as well as operational efficiency. Working closely with our customers to better understand these challenges drove us to develop a superior product, and we're getting validation from customers that they're seeing significant benefit in line speed improvements, scrap reduction and energy savings. As a testament to the tire additives team's relentless engagement with the market, we're now working with more than half of the top 30 tire makers in the world on our next-generation Crystex, and have nine new plant trials in progress in the first quarter. Finally, we're proud that Crystex Cure Pro is recognized as a finalist in the 2019 Tire Technology International Awards for Innovation and Excellence. And we're the only innovation honored that was now created by a tire company. While the tires markets will be challenging for us in this year given our legacy products, Cure Pro is already demonstrating that we can extend our differentiated position as we move forward in filling out this new plant. These are just two of many great examples we have that demonstrate how our specialties are delivering today and our innovation and market connections position us to continue to win in the future. With that, I'll turn it over to Curt.
Curt Espeland: Thanks, Mark and good morning, everyone. It's always a pleasure to spend this hour together. I'll begin with a review of our corporate results on slide 5. Although challenges from the fourth quarter persisted into the first, we increased EBIT by 28% sequentially with growth in three of our four segments. Driving this improvement was a seasonal increase in volume, improved product mix and higher spreads. On a year-over-year basis, sales revenue and earnings decreased mostly due to lower volume. We managed our controllable cost down significantly in the quarter. These actions will more than offset by a stronger dollar and cost in which we have less discretion such as higher pension costs netting out to greater than a $30 million headwind year-over-year. Looking across to our end markets, we experienced volume softness, particularly, in transportation, consumables and consumer durables, especially, in Asia and Europe. Global economic uncertainty persisted throughout the first quarter, which contributed to the softness and particular higher-margin specialty businesses such as tire additives, adhesives and specialty plastics were most impacted by the challenges in these end markets. The primary driver continues to be the U.S.-China trade wars impact on demand in China and its associated impact on Europe which is highly dependent on exports to Asia. Looking at the cadence through the quarter. January was about as expected, but after Chinese New Year demand was sluggish and did not pick-up as we had hoped. Destocking was evident throughout the quarter and a substantial contributor to our volume decline. That said March was a strong month and April orders gave us confidence we'll continue the trend upwards into the second quarter and we're seeing signs of destocking coming to an end across many of our end markets. Moving now to our segment reviews and beginning with Advanced Materials on slide 6. Both sales revenue and EBIT increased sequentially with EBIT up $30 million or 42%. Higher sales volume and improved product mix drove the sequential improvement in first quarter. On a year-over-year basis sales revenue decreased primarily due to lower specialty plastics sales volume and an unfavorable shift in foreign currency exchange rates. Lower volume in specialty plastics was due to continued customer inventory destocking particularly consumer durables related to the uncertainty caused by the U.S.-China trade dispute. As a highlight for the quarter, performance films and advanced interlayers volume and mix were relatively unchanged despite declining vehicle build rates globally. Growth in high-margin innovation products such as paint protection film heads-up display interlayers and architectural interlayers is offsetting declines in the underlying auto market. EBIT declined year-over-year, primarily due to lower sales volume and unfavorable exchange rates and we're also still working of our high-cost inventory from last year. Looking forward, we expect strong sequential improvement for revenue and EBIT in the second quarter due to a few factors. Tritan destocking coming to an end with primary demand intact, continued mix upgrade due to products like paint protection films and premium interlayer products, typical seasonality and improvement in the flow of the lower raw material costs in our inventory. Taking these factors together we expect, EBIT in the segment will be similar to the second quarter of 2018. Looking at the full year given the positive trends in the business we continue to expect Advanced Materials will grow EBIT between 7% and 10% relative to 2019. Moving now to slide 7. Additives & Functional Products also had strong sequential improvement with EBIT up $27 million or 22%. The sequential improvement was due to improved product mix and increased spreads. Sales revenue decreased year-over-year particularly for adhesives resins due to continued competitive pressures and for tire additives products attributed to trade-related pressures. In tire additives in particular, trade-related uncertainty has had a significant impact on Chinese tire production during the time when overall Chinese economic demand is going down. Chinese tire producers have adjusted accordingly by destocking their inventories. As a result, tire additive competitors have excess capacity in China, which has caused some short-term competitive dynamics in our legacy products. We have confidence that dynamics will improve as we continue to see great adoption of our next-generation Crystex Cure Pro in the marketplace. For adhesives we face competitive pressure from new competitor capacity as we have discussed in prior calls. Revenues were also negatively impacted by a stronger dollar. Lower selling prices year-over-year were largely attributed to Care Chemicals due to cost pass-through contracts producing stable earnings. Looking at EBIT, the year-over-year decrease was primarily due to lower sales volume and an unfavorable shift in foreign currency exchange rates. To a lesser extent, excluding the Care Chemicals cost pass-through contracts prices were relatively flat sequentially, with higher costs raw material flow through creating some pressure on spreads year-over-year. Looking at the second quarter, we expect sequential improvement in both revenue and EBIT, due to seasonally stronger volume, an increase in spreads as lower cost raw materials continue to flow through inventory, but earnings will not get back to last year's levels, due to volume still recovering and unfavorable currency, and we expect spreads to be similar to last year. As we move to the second half of the year, we expect demand to improve for coatings, adhesives and tire additives assuming the trade dispute with China is resolved. There may also be some upside as China appears to be stepping up the environmental enforcement actions. For the full year, we expect 2019 EBIT to be similar to, or slightly better than 2018. Now the slide 8 and Chemical Intermediates, which delivered a strong improvement in sequential earnings. On a year-over-year basis sales revenue decreased, primarily due to lower sales volume, mostly because of the refinery-grade propylene project, reducing bulk ethylene sales as planned. Remember in the first quarter of 2018, we were still selling ethylene at attractive prices due to market conditions. Lower raw material prices in a few products also led to reduced pricing in the segment. EBIT decreased primarily due to lower sales volume and lower selling prices declining slightly more than raw material cost for our few olefin products particularly glycols. Looking at the second quarter, while we don't have the headwinds of the industrial gas supplier outages market conditions have changed from a year ago. The benefit of not having supplier outages from last year is being offset by a sequential decline in spreads and acetyls and some continued pressure in glycols. Similarly, in the full year, we expect to benefit from the lack of some of the 2018 headwinds and 2019 to be offset by weakening market conditions, especially impacting spreads in acetyls and glycols leading us to expect EBIT in 2019, to be similar to 2018. Finishing up the segment reviews of Fibers on slide 9. Sales revenue decreased year-over-year, primarily due to lower acetate tow sales volume attributed to China trade-related issues and other customer volume patterns as well as lower acetate tow selling prices. EBIT decreased primarily due to lower acetate tow sales volume, somewhat offset by growth in textiles and lower raw material costs. This is consistent with the guidance we gave you on our fourth quarter call that first quarter EBIT will be the lowest quarter for the year. For the full year, we expect acetate tow volume declines consistent with the underlying market plus the impact of the headwinds from China trade issues from the first half of the year offset by growth in textile market and cost-reduction actions. Therefore, we continue to expect Fibers' EBIT to be about the same as 2018. On slide 10, I'll transition to some corporate financial highlights. In the first quarter, we did a nice job managing our cash flows and remain on track to deliver greater than $1.1 billion of free cash flow in 2019. Priorities for use of this cash will remain balance between deleveraging, funding an increasing dividend and in the absence of bolt-on M&A we will use the remainder of our cash for share repurchases. I'll add that, you should always assume that we fully deploy our cash. We've returned $212 million to stockholders in the first quarter through share repurchases and dividends and we remain committed to an investment-grade credit rating and we'll delever as needed to maintain our solid balance sheet likely in the $250 million to $300 million range. Our effective tax rate in the first quarter was roughly 16.5% consistent with our full year expectation of between 16% to 17%. With that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Costa: Thanks, Curt. On slide 11, I'll provide an update on our 2019 outlook. Our earnings challenge in the first half of the year is predominantly a volume challenge for our high-value specialties and the slow growth world especially in Asia and Europe, compounded by the destocking. Spreads in the specialties in the second quarter improving and are expected to be similar to last year's level. The volume challenge, we see is primarily trade related and to a lesser extent, due to slowdown in the global transportation market. That said, we are encouraged by the improvement in our orders through March into April and believe most of the destocking is behind us. And as the 16th largest exporter by volume in the U.S. with Exxon as the only chemical company above us, we're probably more exposed to trade disruptions, we've seen for the last two quarters. The stronger U.S. dollar is having a negative impact which is a challenge given our U.S. manufacturing footprint. We've assumed that on average the dollar-euro exchange rate will be around $1.14 for the year. And we expect the impact of the first half to be around $30 million with AFP and AM most impacted, and with limited impact in the second half. You recall from our fourth quarter call that we discussed that slow flow through of high-cost raw materials from last year would impact our earnings in the first quarter, which it did. Given this lower-than-expected volume in the first part of this year, this impact was greater than we expected. So the benefits of the lower cost raw materials will now be more of a second half impact. Lastly, we're expecting higher pension costs for the year and this is approximately $30 million split relatively evenly between the quarters. Putting this together, we're expecting second quarter EBIT to increase between 15% and 20%, compared to the first quarter. Moving next to the second half of the year. We're assuming that the U.S.-China trade dispute is settled at some point here in the second quarter, removing uncertainty that is impacting the Chinese economy. We're also expecting improving global demand and we are starting to see it already with strong demand in March and April compared with January and February. I will describe April at more normal levels, plus innovation is creating our own growth. As demand improves, our asset utilization levels will pick up and that should result in lower cost raw materials and conversion costs flowing through. And roughly $30 million first half year-over-year headwind from the stronger dollar is expected to be much lower in the second half of the year. Then we have the additional $40 million of cost actions we're taking. Moving on to the full year. Obviously, we have to offset a substantial earnings decline in the first half. It's also important to remember that we have an easy comp in Q4. With all of the growth drivers in the second half that I have mentioned, we have confidence that we can deliver low single-digit EBIT growth for the year. And then with returning cash to shareholders and share repurchases and lower interest expense, we expect our EPS can grow at the low end of the 6% to 10% range that we provided in the fourth quarter call. As Curt mentioned earlier, we continue to see a pathway to free cash flow for greater than $1.1 billion. I often get asked what makes me confident of Eastman's future. And here is the bottom line from me. Big picture, we continue to focus on what we can control and are winning with customers because of our innovation-driven growth model. And at the same time, we're aggressively reducing our cost to accelerate top line growth to the bottom line. Nothing happens without the dedication and drive of -- the people of Eastman throughout the world who face our challenges and opportunities head on and every day they find ways to overcome them and are determined to win. And that's why I'm confident we're going to win today and far far into the future. With that I'll turn it back to Greg.
Greg Riddle: Okay. Thanks Mark. We've got a lot of people on the line this morning and we'd like to get to you as many questions as possible. So as always, I ask you to please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. With that Kim, we are ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank.
Q  David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. On your full year guidance, it looks like you lowered segment guidance in one segment AFP, but maintained in the other three. You maintained a full year guidance. Can you talk about that dynamic? And why you didn't take the opposite -- opportunity now to trim the full year guide given the challenging macro?
A  Mark Costa: Thanks Dave. And in your observation around the guidance is sort of directionally correct. Obviously in the first quarter, our earnings came in a little bit lower than we expected and we have that adjustment in the second quarter. And that's why you saw us take the aggressive cost actions that we announced in late March. So while we have these challenges, we stepped up our cost reductions to take another $40 million out relative to the plans we had in the beginning of the year. That sort of balances that equation out, allows us to stay on track for our guidance. And we also feel very encouraged by the improvement in volume we saw in March and the continued improvement in the volume that we're seeing as we go into April and getting our mix back. One of the bigger challenges we've had here is mix of our high-value products and that gives us confidence. We're on the right track for the rest of the year.
Q  David Begleiter: And Mark, on these additional cost actions, how permanent are these actions? And where are they coming from?
A  Curt Espeland: So David, as we started the year as a reminder, we already taken aggressive cost actions to kind of help offset higher turnaround costs and other anticipated challenges at that time. So as Mark mentioned, as we started the year, we decided to take additional actions which are primarily headcount contractors and discretionary spend. So the additional actions are expected to contribute $40 million to our 2019 results. So I'd call those pretty permanent kind of reductions and again predominantly in the second half of the year. So these factors plus the additional expectation -- expected improvements in 2019, should provide us good momentum going into 2020.
A  Mark Costa: I'd also note about three quarters of those cost reductions going to manufacturing and they'll go into our COGS and then they will have to flow out. So that's why they're going to very back-end loaded and where the benefits shows up.
Q  David Begleiter: Thank you, very much.
Operator: Moving on, we'll hear from Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan.
Q  Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. What was the magnitude of the cash restructuring charge that you took in the first quarter?
A  Curt Espeland: So you saw the restructuring charge, I believe it was about $28 million. That's a good portion of that is the anticipated severance of our restructuring programs. There will be a little bit more in the second quarter and maybe a small tail in the second half of the year, but a good portion of that is that $28 million of severance charge accruals that we took in the first quarter. That will be the cash impact. Now not all that cash flows out. This year, it could go over a 12-month time period too, so some of these severances accruals get paid out over a 12-month period.
Jeff Zekauskas: And then, for my follow-up, your prices in Advanced Materials in the quarter, I think, were up 1%. And if you -- and you had negative volumes in the quarter of some mid-single-digit level. And like, if you think about the Celanese's earnings, I think, in there engineered materials their prices were up 7% and they had a similar volume decline to you. When you look at your businesses versus their businesses, do you find them in any way comparable? Do you think you're more disadvantaged in terms of being able to raise price? Or do you think that there was an opportunity where you could have been more aggressive and you plan to be more aggressive in the future? Can you kind of assess this difference? Can you assess that comparison?
Mark Costa: Sure, Jeff and good morning. First of all, the Celanese's business and our business are just fundamentally different. So it really doesn't make sense to make a lot of comparisons. They're primarily a compounding business with a completely different set of polymers and different set of applications. So I'm really focused on us. The business that we have has been incredibly successful delivering very strong earnings growth for the last six years and this year it will be the seventh. And the underlying driver of that is volume and mix improvement, as the key to sort of driving that growth where we're selling at very high-growth rates, very high value, high-margin products like Tritan and heads-up display, interlayers, performance films, et cetera, relative to the segment average and we keep on driving the weighted average mix growth up. So that's the core and heart of our strategy. Pricing is, obviously, a key part of how you manage your spreads for any product relative to raw materials. And our goal is always to keep it stable, because that's how you keep a solid relationship with your customers long-term for innovation. So in our business -- and SP was probably -- the specialty plastics guys are probably up about 3% in price and then that was offset by some price declines in advance interlayers for a high-value products. We've discussed this all back at Innovation Day. When you have these very high-value products and you're in the early phases of adoption, your prices gets your cost structure quite high. And then as you develop scale and volume and growth of that, you share some of that benefits of scale with your customers in price declines, which is especially typical in the automotive industry where those products go. So you see that going on, but the volume mix growth is so strong, double-digit levels, that the earnings grow despite those modest price declines. So in general, that's sort of where it played out. What I'd say is that, when you're trying to build a business and have innovation be at the heart of your business. And the markets we serve where we work with the same large customers forever, right, the glass customers or even the tire coating customers in the AFP side. You got to have a relationship where they have trust in you and that you're being balanced on how you manage your price versus raws, which we do very well. Our spreads are relatively stable, but you can't be greedy, right? So when you have a declining raw material situation, raising prices aggressively at the same time creates a significant amount of tension with your customers, where they are not as excited about innovating with you and they are certainly very motivated to find alternative suppliers to you when you -- if you do that. And in specialty business, you can do that for a short period of time, in our kind of businesses, but then you suffer the consequence later on about losing volume 12 months or so later, as they work to find alternatives. So we think we have a good balanced relationship with our customers. They understand what we're trying to do. We keep our spread steady and we drive volume/mix growth and set around innovation.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question today is from Robert Koort from Goldman Sachs.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. This is Regina [ph] filling on for Bob. You're highlighting some sequential earnings improvements through the year and the 4Q to 1Q improvement was notable. But when you fast-forward to 4Q 2019 what kind of year-over-year growth is possible, given the easier comp?
Mark Costa: So, great question and it's an important one to remember when we talk about our back half guidance. With macroeconomic growth occurring with innovation in our high-value specialties, also creating our own growth, we're assuming that 2018 -- I mean, 2019 is going to be materially better and the fourth quarter is an easy comp, right? So if we can just get back to 2017 levels in Q4, that's $80 million of the hole we have to fill in the first half. And then we look at, for both the third and fourth quarter volume and mix growth being better than 2017. So you've got that as a tailwind to help the back half of the year. And you got the cost flow through, which will flow through, through the back of the year, especially as you go into the fourth quarter. So I expect the fourth quarter to be very strong compared to the past.
Curt Espeland: And what I might add on top of it, I'll remind you the roughly $30 million of impact of foreign currency you're expecting in the first half of the year goes away to a greater extent in the second half of the year, so we don't have that headwind overcome any more in both third and fourth quarters.
Mark Costa: Right. So you put all that together and you -- and the cost reductions, you've got the hole basically being filled in the front half and you've got to just believe in some reasonable volume mix growth and some raw material tailwinds and you can get to our guidance.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you. And are you seeing any signs that the specialty plastics destocking has ended? Any indication on volume changes for that for quarter-over-quarter and may be also year-over-year for 2Q?
Mark Costa: Yes. We've already seen that. So January, in particular February were rough. The destocking in the fourth quarter that continued in those first two months was pretty significant. You have to remember that the vast majority of what we sell into China from specialty plastics is made into products that are predominantly exported back to the U.S. and to some extent Europe. So when you get into this trade war issue. A lot of those producers really lost confidence in their ability to sort of export back to the U.S., because they fear the trade there and tariff is going back to 25%. That's what held them up in the third quarter -- I'm sorry, in the fourth quarter last year as well as the uncertainty what would happen on March 1. As things started to sort of stabilize, and look like things were going to get settled to some degree, people starting to getting back to business and we saw a pretty good recovery in Tritan orders, in particular in March and March was, as a month pretty strong, and those orders are holding up as we go into April. So we feel pretty good about the destocking question when it comes to specialty plastics. And when you combine that with raw materials, finally starting to flow through at a benefit in the second quarter, it leads to a pretty strong second quarter sequentially from the first.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Thanks, and good morning, everyone. Just kind of maybe a little bit of a follow-up on the last one. As it relates to trade and the settlement of the trade dispute, what's your sort of sense from talking to customers about how activity or behavior or buying patterns will improve? It sounds like there's already been some improvement sort of as people sense that a resolution is within sight. So how much of an incremental step up would you anticipate right away post settlement? Or is this something that's going to take a few months or a quarter before we sort of have a real sense of how much of a snap back there's going to be?
Mark Costa: Vincent, a great question, and it's obviously a pretty difficult one to forecast since we're depended on President Trump settling a trade dispute with President Xi and the timing of that is unknown or and the details of it are unknown. But based on everything we've seen, which is the same stuff you've seen, it seems like they're making good progress, and the odds of escalation now are going down. And I'd say that's very well covered here in the press in the U.S. But from what we can tell in China, they're pretty quiet. They're very being very careful about declaring any kind of victory or possible victory with their -- inside their country, because they just don't know what's going to happen with President Trump. So there's still a lot of caution and uncertainty in China today. But I'd say, the destocking is mostly playing out and behind us, so you've got the removal of that headwind. And primary demand is still out there including exports to some degree, but we really haven't seen any restocking yet. That could be material at some point, and we're not banking on much of that in our forecast, so that would be upside. So what we need is a trade settlement to sort of get settled, not escalate and the Chinese government to send the all-clear signal to their companies and their consumers that things are going to get back to normal. You've also got them dumping a ton of stimulus into their economy, which is also of course helping improve things right now. We can see some of that benefit. So when we put that altogether, we feel like it is stabilizing. News is getting out that the things are going to be okay in China, but we're not really seeing a dramatic recovery yet. But we're a lot better off than where we were in January and February.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And on the adhesives resins competitive activity, has that been sort of made worse by the trade issue and -- or just weak demand? And if that's something that potentially were about to lap or could snap back post resolution?
Mark Costa: Yes. So far on adhesives, the global underlying market growth rates for adhesives is very strong. It's in your consumables hygiene applications. And overall I'd say, it's pretty good. There's no question in China demand has been a bit off, especially in some applications. They are a little bit more consumer discretionary, and that's contributed to some of the pressure in the marketplace. But adhesives is more of a supply-driven issue than it is a demand-driven issue. As we told you in the past, we've had new capacity come in the marketplace in Asia, and the growth slowing down a bit doesn't help in that equation. The good news is this business has very strong underlying market growth rates that will continue that are really not that discretionary. We got to use the diapers and we got to use them. And so we feel good about observing this capacity that's been added. On top of that, we've got innovation rolling out in the marketplace this year. That is a huge sustainability trend. This market is no order -- preferably no order no VOC kind of product. We've now launched the best-in-class product for those applications with this sensitivity on the environment out there. And it's expected to grow quite well. We'll get that in the marketplace in the back half of this year towards the end, and that gives us another way to grow out of this business. And the raws and resin conversions also continues where same environmental trend raws have a lot of odor and smell too. Consumers don't want that. And so that's another way we're picking up resin growth to fill up the capacity.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. Thanks very much, guys.
Mark Costa: We expect second half to be better.
Operator: PJ Juvekar from Citi has our next question.
PJ Juvekar: Yes, hi. Good morning.
Mark Costa: Good morning, PJ.
PJ Juvekar: I'm looking at ethylene prices. Ethylene prices have collapsed. They're down to what $0.13. And I know you don't sell as much ethylene now, which are RGP project. But then looking at propylene, it's also down with propylene inventories close to six million barrels. So I guess my question is if one or more complex remains weak, are you able to get pricing on your derivative products?
Mark Costa: Yeah. Good question. So on the ethylene side as you just mentioned, we had a considerable headwind in ethylene last year, and the RGP investment we made this year, which is up and running incredibly well and actually performing better than we expected is taking us a long way in reducing the ethylene we sell this year in the merchant market and that helps mitigate a lot of that headwind giving us a year-over-year benefit. So that's been great. When it comes to derivatives, you're right to point out that propylene and ethylene don't define the price of a derivative. It's just an indicator of the underlying market conditions. And in a lot of places, prices are holding up well in our derivatives from propylene and ethylene but there are few places where Curt called out that we do see some price pressure in particular glycols MPG, MEG and glycol ether, places where we're seeing some price pressure creating some spread compression. So that's factored into our guidance. And to some degree that's what offsets the benefits we've created through RGP and not having the industrial gas outages from last year those net out those benefits to keep the segment stable this year.
PJ Juvekar: Okay. And then you added a lot of new capacity in products like Triton, Crystex and PVB. So if I look at all of them together in aggregate, what ballpark EBITDA do you expect in 2019 from that?
Curt Espeland: PJ, we don't breakout the EBITDA growth just from distinct projects. What they are really driving is the underlying growth in the markets we serve that we've been providing in our guidance. So like Advanced Materials where we're talking about earlier, again that business is looking to grow EBIT, 7% to 10% EBITDA would be reciprocal to that other than the factors a little different. So overall those projects are typically greater than cost of capital returns, driving good returns and there will be one of the factors that long-term contribute to our EBITDA growth as a percentage.
Mark Costa: I mean, what I'd add is that the fact that we did all those plants is because our volume growth has been so strong from 2015 through 2017. We are running out of capacity on all those products last summer and they started up just in time. And, obviously, we didn't predict a trade war impacting demand in the short-term. But as those markets come back through this short-term disruption on the macro, the fixed cost leverage of all that's going to be very attractive when that volume from those high value products come in and as we work through the back half of this year-end and even more so in 2020.
PJ Juvekar: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next we'll go to Aleksey Yefremov from Nomura Instinet.
Matt Skowronski: Hey good morning, it's Matt Skowronski on Aleksey this morning. On the last call you gave out a Brent crude prediction for the year. It seems to change since then. Can you just tell us how this changes your outlook?
Curt Espeland: It doesn't really have much of an impact on our outlook. We're in the $70 range. We're now what $74 before. So I think that it's important to remember that oil is part of an indicator of how raw material prices move, but it's not the only indicator. Last year oil did move up quite a bit especially as we got into the third quarter, but the spreads above oil also dramatically increased. So if you've looked at something like paraxylene, normal spreads above naphtha are like $300 a ton. You at history we were well over $700 in the third quarter last year and we're now back to sort of in the $500 range. And even with the oil up, we expect that $500 keep moving its way back to normal because there's a lot of capacity coming along in PX in the back half of this year. So you got to remember that those are indicators but they're not -- there's a lot more going on in any of these markets. So even if with oil being a bit higher than we expected a lot of the raw materials that we buy we don't expect those prices to move up much. And in places where they do, we'll increase prices. We've have demonstrated we're very disciplined about managing prices. We offset all the raw material increases through the third quarter last year with price increases. And as we look at the price raw trade-off in the specialties, we expect to get back to the second quarter spreads of last year by the second quarter of this year and then that becomes a tailwind as we go to the back half. So we can manage that.
Matt Skowronski: Thanks for that. And then in Fibers, on the last call you noted that it will be the weakest quarter, which it was. How did trends look so far in April? And can you give an outlook on pricing for the remainder of the year?
Mark Costa: Sure. So on the volume side as Curt mentioned, we expect volumes for the year to be slightly down with the overall market decline. So what's underneath that assumption is customer buying patterns in this business as you look at our history bounce around a lot. So Q1 was just uniquely low customer buying pattern outside of China. In China this is a trade related issue where they stop buying tow from us made in the U.S. And we had to start shifting to our Korean facility to import in the U.S. We have orders now from the Korean facility, but we're still in the qualification process on some of the -- with some of the customer plants there. But we feel like we'll get back to sort of where we needed to be on that volume relative to last year as well. So, I think we're fine. It's just going to be lumpy in how it spreads out. I mean second quarter will be a lot better than the first quarter in volume. And price, another good question. Prices were down a little bit more in the first quarter versus the rest of the year because some of the price declines we put in place last year didn't go effective until April 1. So, you're going to just see a bit more of a drop in Q1, than what you'll see for the rest of the year. On a full year basis prices won't be down very much at all.
Matt Skowronski: Thank you.
Mark Costa: Thank you.
Operator: Moving on, we'll hear from Frank Mitsch from Fermium Research.
Q  Frank Mitsch: Hey Good morning, folks Id appreciate some of the colors so far. Curt you were talking about the use of that $1.1 billion plus free cash flow that bolt-on are part of that equation. How is that, market looking to you right now? How should we think about the probabilities or the possibilities of Eastman doing more than just Marlotherm?
A  Curt Espeland: Yeah. I would say our bolt-on acquisition pipeline is active. There are several opportunities we're looking at. As always it's got to make sure you does the right diligence pay a fair price? And hopefully don't find bigger spreads. I'd say right now it's possible. You might see one or two more small acquisitions during the course of the year, but we'll see how those play out.
Q  Frank Mitsch: And small -- just for definitional purposes, less than $100 million sort of a ballpark?
A  Curt Espeland: Yeah. I would say, less than $100 million in that ballpark yes in aggregate.
Q  Frank Mitsch: All right, all right, terrific. And Mark, you did a nice job talking about how March came back in terms of volumes and certainly you're seeing that through the month of April as well. So, I'm wondering if you can give some granularity by region on what you're seeing there. And what the expectation is for the second quarter?
A  Curt Espeland: Sure. And good morning, Frank. So, the biggest hit across all regions when it comes to value was China. It's important to keep in mind that different regions have very different margin profile. So, when you look at our specialty businesses two-third of their revenue is outside the U.S. And so when you are in China, we sell very few commodity products in there. It's almost all specialties, variable margins are substantially higher than the U.S. average that includes a lot of CIs and a very little of that is exporting. So, the big volume and what I'm saying is mix hit was China and mostly that was where we also saw the most extreme amount of destocking going on things like Triton tires even a little bit of adhesives and some coatings. And so when we got to March, we saw a good recovery in Tritan. We saw a good recovery in some of our highest value specialties in coatings. And tires are still sort of working it out so far. So China has been a pretty big -- pretty attractive snapback towards the end of the quarter. And it seems to be holding up so far through April. Europe, it's a little bit late different story. And I would say Europe is still very much attached to the China trades issue. When the Chinese cut back on imports it's not just a U.S. impact it actually has a bigger impact on Germany than it does on us because they are so dependent on exports. So you're seeing that economy slowdown all connected to the same issue. We're seeing demand recover there as well but it's more of a lag effect, so a little bit slower in its recovery. And that's why you see, AFP having a bit more challenge in recovering its earnings to last year versus AM which is much more sort of China dependent on where the impact occurred. The U.S. has been sort of stable and moving along just fine.
Q  Frank Mitsch: Terrific, thanks, Mark.
Operator: And up next we have Mike Sisson from KeyBanc.
Q  Mike Sisson: Hi guys. In terms of Advanced Materials they're still may be struggling a little bit to see the growth in the second half. I did the math. The EBIT growth -- operating growth needs to be somewhere around 30%. You have three kinds of factors you noted like lower raw materials, volume and may be less FX. Can you maybe help us understand what -- are they about even in terms of the recovery for the second half? Or am I missing a couple of other variables that help to grow that?
A  Mark Costa: Volume mix is a primary driver Mike. Obviously, we don't have the currency headwind that we had in the first half of the year. So, you don't have that $15 million headwind. That is on AM in the first half of the year, repeating in the second half. So, there's that. There's raw material flow tailwind. Of course with PX, that's going to help as that price comes off relative to a very high price last year. But the biggest driver by far is volume mix. You got to remember that -- what we're saying is we're going to grow volume mix, through the back half of this year relative to the first half of this year which means it's going to be materially better than 2017. And when you look at the drop in earnings in the fourth quarter of 2018, due to volume and mix and the higher raw material costs, you're going to fill that entire hole. And then add to it with some additional volume and mix especially when we got all these products like heads-up display interlayers and performance films growing at double-digits. So when we put all of math together, it's -- you can get to the guidance per revenue.
A  Curt Espeland: And on that fact I'll add just two comments on top of it. Don't forget that EV comp on the fourth quarter basis -- look at what they did in fourth quarter 2017 versus fourth quarter of 2018 and we expect that to be growing on top of what we saw back in the fourth quarter of 2017. So that is a good pillar. The second thing I'd add is this not only for Advanced Materials, but for the corporation as a whole is this benefit of the flow through of lower raw material costs. And so to give you some sense, if you think about just the first quarter, the flow through of lower raw material costs was only a benefit of roughly $10 million and that is only a small piece. And within that it was mostly a benefit in the commodities and still a headwind in these specialties. So as these lower raw materials slow, second quarter as well second half of the year you will see improved EBIT resulting from the flow through lower raws on top of the utilization and the volume/mix growth.
Mike Sisson: Got it.
Mark Costa: Yes. I also want to emphasis asset utilization is a big deal guys. So when you have to slow the plants like we did last year in the fourth quarter to adjust the demand situation and even run them a little bit slow in the first quarter, your asset utilization, your fixed cost per kg goes up in a meaningful way. So as volume picks up that starts to accelerate how all the cost cuts we're doing can flow into a lower cost per kg and benefit earnings in the back half of the year.
Mike Sisson: Okay. Great. And then a quick follow-up. You spent a lot of time over the years moving your portfolio into more specialty areas. If you look at the first -- the fourth and first quarter results for the specialty businesses, I'm still a little bit surprised the earnings got hit so much. So when you think about the performance that you expect to see and I understand it's -- there are much higher-margin businesses, but what's kind of the takeaway you want us to see in terms of supporting the notion that your portfolio is much more special than it was?
Mark Costa: Yes. So I mean, the growth in the specialties has really been a tremendous success story. If you even just go back and look at history here from 2014 to now, we've done a series of acquisitions here. We've delivered a significant amount of innovation growth on top of that. And we've grown the EBITDA from these two segments by over $500 million from 2014 and if you put on our constant-currency basis over $600 million. So this is a great story of delivering a phenomenal amount of earnings growth in the last five years all to -- due to our growth model and our innovation that allows us to sustain our spreads and drive volume and importantly mix upgrade. And I don't think anything of that story has changed from a long-term point of view as I look forward. No question, we in our portfolio have a high exposure to consumer discretionary spend. Transportation B&C, consumer durables, it's about 45% of the company's total revenue. So if you have a situation where there is a correction and demand in those spaces and that is clearly what we saw in 4Q, 2Q and for 4Q and 1Q and a little bit still dragging on into 2Q for AFP. When you lose that very high variable margin demand with destocking to correct to the sort of trade economic situation, you're going to take a hit given the value of those kgs relative to the company average. But the good news is, we've already seen demand coming back in March and April. So that demand comes back, the economies improve and that value that we've created over the last five years through volume and mix growth comes back in a pretty dramatic fashion on the other side of the equation just like it went away comes back the same way. And so there's sort of sensitivity we have to consumer discretionary. I don't think that's a secret about our portfolio. And the good news is we make a lot of money in China. And I believe long term China is going to be an attractive growth market to continue to deliver a lot of growth in the future.
Curt Espeland: Mike one other just takeaway as you think about all those long-term benefits that Mark talked about. On a short-term basis, don't forget that these specialties have a long supply chain. And so when you have a disruption like these trade wars that's where you have some of the negative impact like you see in the fourth quarter and first quarter. Those will return to more normal levels and we have -- also might have a bounce back at some point as those supply chains fill back in. So just keep in mind short-term, it's been impacted by those supply chains in those of market dynamics.
Mike Sisson: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question today is from Laurence Alexander from Jefferies.
Dan Rizzo: Hi, guys. It's Dan Rizzo on for Laurence. How are you?
Curt Espeland: Good morning.
Mark Costa: Good morning.
Dan Rizzo: I just really just have one question, the softness in auto and tire has been well documented. Can you just tell us what you're seeing in your construction and ag end markets?
Mark Costa: So on the ag market, obviously things are a little bit slower with the wet weather in the first quarter and we saw some of that impact particularly in CI. But everything we can see in those markets are all coming back as we'd expect. So we feel good about the ag market this year on a full year basis and we're seeing some innovative growth with a few of our customers to help us create our own growth there as well. When it comes to the construction market, it's been relatively stable. So from an architectural interlayers point of view, it has been great. Vast majority of where we're selling the layers is in Europe, where they do laminated glass and we've seen strong growth there through 2018 and that's continuing on through 2019 and that's pretty visible at the back order that you can see in construction. On the architectural side, North America has been fine. Obviously, China and Europe have been a bit off but we're seeing some recovery there. One other thing I'd mentioned is environmental enforcement does create benefits as well. With this unfortunate accident that's occurred in China, we do see an impact on a few produces that we compete with being shutdown for environmental inspections and things like that. That's giving us a modest tailwind. We're not banking on much of that. But if that continues -- that enforcement continues, there will be an upside to our forecast.
Dan Rizzo: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Duffy Fischer from Barclays is up next.
Duffy Fischer: Yeah. Good morning. First question, just around the raws again. I know you've got an accounting benefit that will flow through in the back half, but a lot of your suppliers would talk about kind of the same destocking events happening that you are seeing with your products. So, if you get that back half pickup in economic activity like you're expecting, what do you think the odds are when you look at all your raw materials and kind of the supply demand that actually prices there will rise fairly rapidly and maybe we're talking about raw material headwinds in the back half of the year?
Mark Costa: Yeah. When we look at the specific products that we buy, Duffy, I don't see there is a significant risk there. I mean, you can always get into oil price scenarios. And if demand driven where oil goes up then we'll have the demand market conditions to raise prices and we'll be fine. Supply driven events in oil is a different discussion. But we're not really worried about that with the raws that we buy, especially because the one that was a biggest problem for us in the back half of last year was PX and there's so much new capacity coming online.
Duffy Fischer: Fair enough. And then just to jump to Fibers, can you breakout if you just look at say the EBITDA year-over-year kind of they're down $14 million, how much of that was China versus ex-China? And then do you think it will be difficult to get your Chinese business back once the deal is settled because obviously they are players inside China that have excess capacity they're probably back filling that today. Is that a structural step down do you think, or will that be pretty quick to come back?
Mark Costa: Yeah. As far as the demand goes in the first quarter I would say it's sort of balanced between the China factor and sort of just customer buying patterns across the quarters for this year with another customers. In regards to your second question, there is no competitor in China backfilling us. The -- all the companies -- or the plants that make tow in China are joint ventures with CNTC, our customer. They run those plans flat out every day as best as they possibly can every year which is why imports dropped when they add that capacity over the last five years. So the imports -- and we're now down to pretty small levels are just being shifted around from plants -- to different plants that are not outside of the U.S. But we have a great relationship with our customer there and they are working with us and we believe we'll get back in.
Duffy Fischer: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Moving on, we'll hear from John Roberts from UBS.
John Roberts: Thanks. You mentioned the coming paraxylene capacity, I think it's the primary target of some of the new crude to chemical projects coming online globally. So I guess this could be a multi-year kind of weakness in paraxylene. Do you think structurally you'll end up passing some of that through because the whole polyester, I guess, complex could come under pressure with weaker paraxylene over time here?
Mark Costa: Yeah. So there's a lot of PX coming online. The big chunks in the back half of this year are just traditional PX plants, not the sort of oil or the chemical things. But we -- there will be some passing along with some of that PX value to some of our customers which is natural and the logic -- I started with in the beginning of the Q&A session here I'll reference you back to which is you got to have a balanced approach to the customers if you want them continuing buy from you and we work with the same customers for the last decade and I hope the next decade. And so we got to have respect and trust and innovation together.
John Roberts: Thank you. 
Greg Riddle: Lets make the last -- the next question the last one, please.
Operator: And that will come from Kevin McCarthy from Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin McCarthy: Thank you for squeezing me in. Mark, I had a question for you on interlayers. In your prepared remarks, I think you referenced double-digit growth prospects for Saflex. And you threw out I believe 20% in Europe. And so I was just wondering if you could elaborate on what is driving that? The build rates have obviously been tough and my recollection is that Sekisui was adding some capacity in the Netherlands. So perhaps you could elaborate are you gaining share? Is it penetration mix heads-up displays construction what would be driving that premium?
Mark Costa: Yeah. So, specifically that 20% applies to heads-up display interlayers in Europe not the overall interlayer business. So what you're doing is you're replacing standard interlayers with one that includes acoustics and heads-up display. And we're the world leader in that specific product, but it's a very small percentage of the overall market right now. There's not that many heads-up displays in cars yet. So we're seeing just tremendous growth as we're adding that feature because auto OEMs are always looking us a way to value up cars especially in the slow growth markets. They want more feature packages to offer -- to get more volume per car which is a great lever for us in the different kind of features we had. So that's going quite well. And I'd also add the architectural is also growing really well in Europe as well. So that gives us a way to offset the underlying auto market trends. It's very impressive that performance films and interlayers is stable in this auto market.
Q  Kevin McCarthy: So Mark, how would you characterize the all-in structural growth rate in the interlayers business, I don't know over the next three-plus years or so?
A  Mark Costa: Well, I think that again volume mix, we continue to expect that the Advanced Materials segment including ASP will grow sort of double the underlying market growth rates. So any one guess on what the automotive growth rate is going to be, but we're real better in there.
Q  Kevin McCarthy: All right. Thank you.
A  Mark Costa: Thanks Kevin.
Greg Riddle: All right. Thanks again everyone for joining us this morning. A replay of this call will be available on the website later today. And hope you all have a great day.
Operator: And that does conclude our conference today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-01 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company Fourth Quarter Full Year 2018 Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastmans website, www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Greg Riddle: Thank you, Holly, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Curt Espeland, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Jake LaRoe, Manager, Investor Relations. Before we begin, Ill cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the companys fourth quarter and full year 2018 financial results news release, during this call and in the accompanying slides, and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for third quarter 2018 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for full year 2018. Second, earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain non-core and unusual items. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded and adjusted items are available in the fourth quarter and full year 2018 financial results news release, which can be found on our website, www.eastman.com in the Investors section. Projections of future earnings exclude any non-core unusual or non-recurring items. With that, Ill turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Costa: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone. Ill start on Page 3. Despite challenging short-term dynamics in the last few months of 2018, Im proud of our accomplishments for the full year. We delivered 6% top-line growth driven by strong volume growth in our specialty businesses with contributions from product lines across our portfolio. We also made excellent progress converting our top innovation programs into commercial orders with double-digit growth in 2018 and new business revenue from innovation, which Ill talk more about in a moment. Beyond creating our own growth, were positioning ourselves for long-term sustainable growth. We increased our growth investments by $50 million during the year, which includes 10 new start plant  new plant startups last year, which is a record for us to support the robust growth in our specialties over the last several years. Weve talked about our larger expansions of Tritan, PVB, resins and Crystex on prior calls, and we also added smaller incremental capacity for products including ketones and performance films. Our increase in gross spend also includes investments in capabilities to further strengthen our application development capability. And while we ramped up our growth programs, we also remained disciplined in our cost management to offset inflation. Our cash engine generated approximately $1.1 billion of free cash flow for the year, about a 10% yield. And we pushed that cash to work returning $718 million to stockholders through a combination of share repurchases and an increasing dividend, with 2018 representing the ninth consecutive year we have raised our dividend. In this current environment, we continue to execute on what we can control, namely innovating through our enterprise, managing costs and allocating our strong free cash flow in a disciplined manner. And we see strong evidence that these core elements are working, despite the significant macroeconomic challenges we faced in Q4. On Slide 4, key driver of our success, as I mentioned, is our ability to convert our top innovation programs into commercial orders. Im pleased to report that were seeing exciting progress across the portfolio with $365 million of new business revenue from innovation in 2018, growth that continued to the fourth quarter. Here are just a few examples. In AM, we delivered 7% volume growth in Tritan. This was underpinned by continued growth across a diverse set of end markets and double-digit growth in China, despite the headwinds from the trade dispute. In performance films, we once again delivered double-digit volume growth in our two largest markets for window films, North America and China. We also continue to build momentum in paint protection film with the launch of two next-generation products. Also in AM, our interlayer business continue to benefit from our innovations in automotive with our products and heads-up display growing at 25% in 2018. At the same time, we are building momentum in architectural with our general programs and the launch of a new structural product called Saflex DG and saw very strong growth, particularly in Europe in the architectural business. In AFP, strong adoption by more than 10 customers of our new generation Crystex Cure Pro, the newest innovation in insoluble sulfur. With this vulcanizing agent, tire manufacturers can improve productivity, achieve better operational control and realize cost savings. In Care Chemicals, we achieved a 12% volume growth in our water treatment business over 2017, as municipalities around the world adopt global water treatment standards, especially in China. Finally, in Fibers, we continue to accelerate our growth in textiles with 30% growth led by our new product line called Naia. These and many other examples of new business revenue growth from innovation give me confidence that we can be resilient even in an uncertain business environment. In 2019, we expect to deliver another double-digit increase in new business revenue closes from innovation and are on track to generate approximately $500 million of new business revenue from innovation in 2020. With that, Ill turn it over to Curt.
Curt Espeland: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for spending some time with us today. Im going to start off with a few comments on our full year 2018 performance on Slide 5. And given the current business environment, its important to remember that through nine months, we were delivering strong results, consistent with our long-term strategies discussed last year at our Innovation Day. Through the first nine months, our revenue was up 8%, our EBIT was up 6% and our earnings per share was up 13%. And we were delivering these results despite $240 million of higher raw material and distribution cost, historically low spot ethylene prices and higher costs resulting from increased growth investments and the industrial gas supplier disruptions in Texas. Key to this performance was volume growth and mix improvement in our specialty products, successful price improvements relative to raws through the third quarter, strong cash generation and a weaker U.S. dollar. As the third quarter ended, the business environment became more challenging as all of you know. We felt this in our fourth quarter through inventory destocking that was beyond normal seasonality and we attribute this mainly to the U.S.-China trade issues, plus we saw some additional destocking in other markets, given the rapid drop in oil prices and related raw materials. On the destocking, we believe that the amount occurring above normal seasonality is largely in China, where we mostly sell specialty products, which therefore drives a negative earnings mix shift. And given the large drop in Brent beginning in October, we had a harder time raising our prices, but we still had $90 million of higher raw material and distribution costs year-over-year due to the third quarter flowing through our inventories. The result is that our fourth quarter results were more challenged than we were expecting, especially as the quarter progressed. With that said, given what we know today, we expect the issues we faced in the fourth quarter will get progressively better in 2019. And were already seeing evidence of improving order patterns sequentially into the first quarter. Now on Slide 6, Ill start segment results with Advanced Materials, which showed strong volume growth and mixed growth in our premium specialty products through the first nine months of 2018, offset by some short-term dynamics in the fourth quarter. Looking at the full year, sales revenue increased 7% primarily due to higher sales volume and improved mix across the segment. Full-year EBIT increased due to higher sales volume and improved product mix, partially offset by higher raw material costs, particularly for paraxylene in the last four months of the year and growth investments of approximately $25 million for the full year. In the fourth quarter, sales revenue decreased mostly due to customer inventory destocking in specialty plastics as a result of economic uncertainty created by the U.S.-China trade dispute. EBIT decreased due to lower sales volume and higher raw material costs, partially offset by improved product mix, which was less than normal due to customer inventory destocking in China.  Despite volume declining at the segment level in the fourth quarter, Advanced Materials grew volume and mix in performance films and advanced interlayers in both the auto and architectural markets. In auto, both interlayers and performance films grew faster than the global auto market due to their breadth of innovation products. And in the architecture market, which now represents just under 50% of the interlayer sales, we are seeing strong growth particularly in Europe as we benefit from trends towards more windows in commercial architecture trends we are well positioned to serve. Looking ahead to the full year of 2019, we expect strong growth. While orders in January have improved sequentially, we expect some inventory destocking to persist in the first quarter, impacting our specialty plastics business. We also expect higher cost in paraxylene to flow through inventory, temporarily impacting margins in the first quarter. And we will not face the same step-up in growth costs as a headwind coming into 2019. As those issues moderate, we expect Advanced Materials to return to robust growth in the final three quarters of the year. Putting it all together, we anticipate Advanced Materials EBIT growth to be at the high end of the 7% to 10% provided at the Innovation Day range for 2019. Turning now to slide 7, into Advanced  Additives & Functional Products. For the full year, sales for Additives & Functional Products revenue increased 9% primarily due to higher sales volume, higher selling prices and a favorable shift in foreign currency exchange rates. Higher sales volume was attributed to strong volume growth in Care Chemicals, coatings additives, animal nutrition and tire additives. Full-year EBIT increased due to higher sales volume and a favorable shift in foreign currency exchange rates, partially offset by increased growth investments of approximate $20 million. For the fourth quarter, sales revenue was flat as higher selling prices were offset by an unfavorable shift in foreign currency exchange rates. EBIT declined as higher prices were more than offset by higher raw material, energy and distribution costs. The decline in EBIT in the fourth quarter was  which offset strong earnings growth through the first nine months of the year was due to few factors that played out simultaneously. First, destocking in coatings and tires within China and Europe weighed on product mix, as these products have higher margins relative to the segment average. Second, competitive dynamics in adhesives continued to limit upside in pricing, while higher oil-based raw material costs flowed through our inventory from the third quarter and third, higher growth investments and the impact of lower capacity utilization. Looking ahead to 2019, we expect higher raw material costs to continue to work their way through inventory in the first quarter. While we see a pickup in orders, we still expect some destocking in tires and coatings to continue in the first quarter. For the balance of the year, we expect to return to growth as raw materials become a tailwind, destocking plays out and we dont expect the same cost headwinds as last year. All in, we anticipate Additives & Functional Products to grow EBIT at the low end of the 5% to 7% range provided at Innovation Day. Next to slide eight in Chemical Intermediates, which overcame numerous challenges in 2018. For the full year, sales revenue increased as higher selling prices across the segment were partially offset by lower sales volume due to the actions we took to mitigate historically low spot ethylene prices. Full-year EBIT declined as an improvement in spread in our derivatives was more than offset by headwinds from merchant ethylene. In the fourth quarter, sales revenue increased mostly due to increased selling prices, partially offset by lower sales volume attributed to merchant ethylene. EBIT declined due to higher raw material, energy and distribution costs partially offset by higher selling prices. Volatile raw materials had an impact in the quarter as higher costs were still flowing through inventory, while market prices for raw materials dropped rapidly creating a short-term disconnect between costs and pricing. For the full year, we expect a couple of headwinds will not repeat in 2019. First, weve largely mitigated the merchant ethylene headwind with the completion of our RGP project. And second, we do not expect to have a large industrial gas supplier outages repeat in 2019. The lack of these headwinds were netted with some expected softening in acetyls and in some olefin derivative products in 2019, lead us to expect 2019 Chemical Intermediates EBIT to be similar with 2018. Finishing up with the segment reviews on Slide 9 with Fibers. Looking at the full year, sales revenue increased due to higher sales volume, primarily due to continued growth in the textiles innovation products and non-woven products previously reported in other. Textiles volume growth was 30% in 2018. The sustained volume growth of these products is a great story, demonstrating how these product lines are contributing to stability in the segment. EBIT decline is lower acetate tow selling prices were partially offset by higher textile innovation product volumes. Tow volumes were relatively flat for the year. In the fourth quarter, sales revenue increased due to continue strong volume growth in textiles innovation products and higher sales volumes primarily to non-woven innovation products, previously reported in other. EBIT declined due to lower capacity utilization related to year-end inventory destocking in the quarter. Now a few comments on 2019. First, we have fairly good line of sight into customer order patterns in this business. We are also not qualified to shift into China from our tow plant in Korea mitigating some of the impact we discussed last quarter associated with shipping tow into China from the U.S. We expect stability in 2019 as we continue to stabilize tow and benefit from strong textiles volume growth that builds throughout the year, which offsets the gradual decline in the tow market. But different from past years, the first tow quarter is expected to be the lowest quarter for tow due to customer buying patterns, partially attributed to rebuilding in imports into China and few other customers. All in, we expect EBIT to be about the same in 2019 compared with 2018. On Slide 10, Ill transition to some corporate financial highlights. Cash from operating activities was over $1.5 billion and free cash flow came in close to target added approximately $1.1 billion. We continue to demonstrate our ability to convert earnings into cash and manage our working capital. The Eastern team knows the value of converting earnings into cash, especially our BA, credit and cash management teams. As a result, our free cash flow conversion was over 92% in 2018. We returned $718 million to stockholders in 2018 through share repurchases and dividends. And Im proud to say that, weve increased our dividend for the ninth consecutive year. Our full year 2018 effective tax rate improved to 16% from our previous outlook, as weve got better clarity on the impact from the Tax Reform Act. Looking into 2019, I expect our effective tax rate to be between 16% and 17%, and well work hard to have that towards the bottom end of that range. I expect our free cash flow to be greater than $1.1 billion in 2019. Well remain disciplined with our use of cash across the various buckets. I expect a growing dividend, debt repayment, but to be a lesser extent than 2018. Share repurchases in absence of bolt-on acquisitions. And I would remind you, we should always expect that well fully deploy our cash. Finally, dont miss the modeling slide in the appendix of this slide deck to further help you in your analysis. With that, Ill turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Costa: Thanks, Curt. On Slide 11, Ill discuss our outlook for 2019. We have a number of growth drivers as we enter the year. As I mentioned earlier, we were doing a great job of driving new business revenue, as we leverage our innovation driven growth model. Results in our specialties growing faster than our end markets, and we expect new business revenue from innovation will increase to greater than $400 million this year. Were also taking a more aggressive approach to cost management to hold manufacturing costs flat, offsetting not just inflation, but also the annualized effect of growth investments this year in a much higher shutdown schedule. This is different than 2018 relative to 2017, when we had a roughly $125 million headwind comprised of growth investments, the industrial gas outages and the ethylene headwind, which we have now neutralize to the RGP investment. We were also chasing increasing raw material costs especially in the back half of the year. In 2019, were also managing a few headwinds. As weve mentioned, we expect global growth to be slower this year, due to China trade issues and the European economy slowed down with Brexit and other concerns. On the U.S. trade dispute, we are expecting it to get  were not expecting it to get better or worse from the current situation in our guidance. We are projecting the dollar-euro exchange rates remain about where it is through the end of the year and this will be about a net $25 million headwind is about half of it in the first quarter. And were expecting pension expenses to also be about a $25 million headwind for the year. On spreads, we expect higher costs raw materials to continue to flow through until about the end of the first quarter. After that we expect to benefit from the flow through of lower raw material costs. So putting all of this together, we expect that EPS will grow between 6% and 10% for the year. Given what we know today, growth would likely be towards the bottom end of this range. Were calling that our Innovation Day in February of our last year. Our long-term EPS growth projection was in the range of 8% to 12%. The difference between the midpoint of our long-term range and the range I just gave you for 2019 is primarily due to the lower expected earnings in the first quarter, due to raw material flow through and the destocking playing out and the substantial currency headwind we face. One other comment on the first quarter is that, although, we are expecting EPS to be down year-over-year. We are expecting strong improvement sequentially and indicated that the headwinds are lessening. Lastly, I would add that theres obviously some uncertainty around all of these assumptions that weve made for the year. And so well know more as we go through the first quarter. Finally, let me bring everything together. On Slide 12, what you see is our innovation-driven growth model, which we first discussed with you at the Innovation Day last February and Ive referenced a number of times this morning. This model is central to our winning strategy and given the progress that weve made, were confident were on track. The headwinds we face in the fourth quarter and that we see right now looking forward is transitory and even this uncertain global business environment, were poised to deliver resilient results with solid EPS growth and the strong cash flow generation. As you look past the first quarter, we will be back on track for our long term EPS guidance range of 8% to 12%. As I look forward, given the progress that weve made in the commitment that I see from the Eastman employees around the world, Im more confident than ever in our future today then and I look forward to creating a lot of value for shareholders both in earnings growth and cash flow. With that, Ill turn it back over to Greg.
Greg Riddle: All right, thanks mark. As usual, wed like to get to as many questions as possible this morning, so I ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. With that, Holly, we are ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We will now take our first question from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Mark, just in the guidance, you know honestly, on the lower end of the range bias, what are the range of outcomes that could actually result in either guidance be at the very top end or the very low end of the guidance range?
Mark Costa: Sure. Good morning, David. So theres obviously a lot of uncertainty right now, as we sit here in January, looking forward, especially on whether or not the trade dispute gets resolved, what happens in the European economy. And so the real wild cards here are the macroeconomics. From what we can control point of view, I have a lot of confidence in the innovation that were delivering, our ability to grow fast than the markets weve already shown, even through the fourth quarter, where we have innovation in the interlayers, performance films, for example, we grew much positively both in volume and mix in a relative to a down market. So we feel the growth engines are intact, but theres just a macro in economic uncertainty. So the trade war gets completely resolved thats going to be upside for us. If Europe doesnt have the headwinds, people are concerned about upside for us relative to our forecasts. And obviously, if the reverse happens thats where the downside occurs.
David Begleiter: And Mark just in Advanced Materials, the 2% decline as volume in that segment. Can you talk about what volume was tracking until destocking in the world slowed? Was it more of a normalized number, perhaps October and early November?
Mark Costa: Yes. So the demand pattern there is, its important to separate things out. So performance films and interlayers had a really good fourth quarter. So they continue to deliver good volume and mix growth. The auto business, even though it was challenge especially in China, we still deliver growth and the architectural market also very strong, where our interlayers go into a lot of laminate glass, especially in Europe growing much faster than the underlying market, because buildings are moving to a lot more glass on the facade. So we get a lift well above actual construction rate. So the real challenge sat in especially plastics, David, and it was principally in China for them. When you think about a lot of our specialty plastics business, it is principally products we sell that are made into consumer durables that are then sent back to the U.S., and Europe. So heavily export-driven from China to the U.S., and so those customers were worried about, where the trade war was headed, they started  because they didnt think they can handle the 25% increase on January 1. They started aggressively destocking. And really taking inventories down to almost zero and it would only order us, when they received an order from their own customer. So that really was the story on the demand decline and that has a pretty significant mix effect for us on a regional and product basis, because its important to remember that in China, we only sell our high value specialties for AM and AFP. The lower value chemical intermediate products are almost entirely in North America. So when you have a slowdown in China, it really comes with a negative mix effect.
David Begleiter: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Frank Mitsch from Fermium Research. Please go ahead.
Frank Mitsch: Hey, good morning folks and thanks for the color on the outlook. I just want to get a little more granular in terms of your expectation. Since you have such a large business over in Asia and in China that impacts the three of your four segments. What are you baking in, in terms of an expectation post Chinese New Year, in terms of volumes coming back? Are you expecting any kind of normal bounce back, higher bounce back, lower bounce back? What is embedded in your estimates?
Mark Costa: Well, I think that theres  you have to break it down into a couple of different components. So Im going to deal with the destocking part first. And then Ill talk about primary demand. So on the destocking side, if you think about what I just said in the last question that destocking is actually playing itself out fairly well. And we have line of sight that will be completed by the end of the first quarter in specialty plastics. Same thing is true in AFP, where we see destocking should play out by the end of the first quarter. So that I think, something you can see coming to an end. The primary demand question really is about the Chinese consumers. And AFP really has more sort of Chinese consumer exposure than AM does, when it comes to this demand question, because their products have a tendency to stay more in China. What you have is, Chinese consumers are worried about their economy. The government was already slowing the economy down in the first half of 2018. And the straight issue sort of was a trip wire to really make people nervous, especially businesses about whats going to happen going forward. And so you see people holding back on high ticket items. Thats why you see the car sales down in the back half of last year, as you can all see. Same is true for appliances or any other high ticket item. And so people are being conservative. My personal opinion is if the trade where doesnt escalate further, that fear subsides. Things are going to be viewed as more stable. And we will expect, some demand recovery but modest. If the trade war gets settled, then I think you could see more material restocking event than what we have in our forecast.
Frank Mitsch: All right, thats very helpful. A question and a follow-up for Curt, obviously, he did nice job in reducing debt throughout 2018. I guess partly at the expense of buybacks being slow during the fourth quarter. How should we think about Eastman buybacks in 2019?
Curt Espeland: Well. Sure, Frank. First of all, as you think about the free cash flow greater than $1.1 billion, were going to be funding that attractive dividend that we have seen increase again this past year. On the deleveraging side, we believe that deleveraging can moderate some compared to last year. And so I always throw people out there right now, assume kind of roughly $250 million, but well modify that during the course of the year, maybe a little lower, depending how EBITDA grows during the year. And I think as we go into 2020, the deleveraging should be pretty much behind us to a greater extent, as we think about EBITDA growth going into 2020. And so when you look at all those factors, then the remaining amount of that cash flow should be for share repurchases. And what you saw on 2018 and you could see a similar effect in 2019, we did a fair bit of our share repurchases in the first half of the year and you should see a similar effect this year. Quite honestly Frank, we probably could have done a little bit more in the fourth quarter, thats on me. I did want to hit our deleveraging targets. And as the cash flow came in strong, I kind of missed the window to maybe do another $25 million or so more. But regardless, Ive already made up for that as we started this year because were in the markets as you would expect, especially where valuations are.
Frank Mitsch: Terrific, very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you and then good morning, everyone. In adhesive resins, the impacts on the new capacity obviously a bit more pronounced in the fourth quarter, given everything else that was going on. But where are we in that process and sort of what type of impact have you baked in for 2019?
Mark Costa: Sure. Good morning, Vincent. So adhesive capacity that came online that was sort of substantial with Exxon really didnt become effective until the back half of this year and the impact it had on pricing was holding our prices relatively flat through the end of the year as opposed to what weve been doing, which is successfully increasing prices with raw materials up until that point. So you had  raws go up quite a bit with oil through the third quarter, that flowing through very slowly in the fourth quarter and we lost our ability to raise prices to offset it. And so thats a bit of the impact that you have. As you move into the first quarter, I think what we expect is prices to start coming off a bit, but we also expect raw material flow through to help offset some of that and mitigate some of that challenge. But its going to be a challenging year in 2019 and part of the challenges we have to overcome for AFP and we have plenty of growth to do so. I would even know within adhesives, its important to keep in mind that this is a very strong growth market on the end market, its hygiene, hot melt adhesive packaging, has very strong underlying growth in the sort of 5% to 7% range. On top of that because the sustainability trends and sensitivity to odor and VOC emissions, theres a strong drive to convert rosins, which dont measure well on those criteria over to hydrogen or hydrocarbon resins, which are the cleanest of whats available to market today. And then on top of that, we just launched a new low-odor, low-VOC product as by far best-in-class in the world and are modifying our capability to produce that and go commercial on that product in this year. So thats going to be a real help. And were seeing really strong growth in the polyolefin side of the business, which is sort of new for us, but we launched some new products as weve told you in the past on Aerafins, what we call Aerafin that you pair with resins and thats going really well. So a lot of growth going on there, weve been clear that this sort of spread compression was coming and were working our way through it and feel great about this business long-term. It still has margins above the company average and it has a lot of innovation opportunities for us going forward.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And just as a follow-up. This might be the year that the excess ethylene capacity is monetized?
Curt Espeland: I would say on excess ethylene, we have dealt that through the RGP option. That RGP option is  can be adjusted back to normal operations if the markets improve. Until that happens, we are not doing much more with the sale of excess ethylene until the market improves. I know, theres interested parties, but right now until the market improves, there is not much we can do.
Mark Costa: Vincent, the value of it, right now doesnt make sense. In addition to the RGP, which sort of eliminates all the downside risk of the ethylene to propane volatility, which is up and running by the way already ahead of this call, we do believe the market situation should improve materially in ethylene in 2020 from what we can see as they had a lot of export capacity, ethylene to get that excess quantity thats been holding prices down out of this U.S., market.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. Thanks very much, guys.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. Can you talk about the propylene complex in 2019? And that, just I guess using polymer grade prices, they have come down from say $0.60 to $0.40 and you sell a lot of propylene derivatives. What might be the year-over-year economic effect of that change for you in 2019? And how does it work in Eastman?
Curt Espeland: Well, maybe  well, how I answer that question Jeff is really what were assuming on olefin spreads and maybe that helps address your question is, right now, were expecting that propylene  propane spread to be above the same in 2019 compared to 2018. And we expect the ethylene-propane spread to little bit better that Mark mentioned, but still challenged relative to what we consider normal. And then the impact of propylene on our derivatives and CI thats where youre really looking at. You got to go segment-by-segment, business-by-business on what the pricing is relative to the performance. And what were seeing there, as Ive mentioned, a little softness in acetyls and in certain olefin product lines we expect some softening relative to 2018, but offset overall by the cost improvements we expect in CI.
Mark Costa: Yes. Jeff, while the propylene prices are off, you got to remember the propane prices are also off quite a bit. And so the spreads are holding fairly well. And we do expect some prices to come off in the propylene derivatives and in the acetyls. We have a nice offsetting situation where weve eliminated the headwind from ethylene with the RGP investment. We have the lack of industrial outages in this segment and were going to hold cost slight, so that nets out to where we can stay stable this year versus last year.
Jeff Zekauskas: And for my follow-up, is the raw materials that went up in the fourth quarter, I take it that was ethane, propane and paraxylene and ethane and propane have obviously come off and paraxylene has come off. And thats why you believe that youll begin to have relief in the second quarter as you work your  and volumes slowed down, so youve got extra stuff that you have to sell in Q1. Is that the general dynamic going into 2019?
Mark Costa: Yeah. That  you described it well, Jeff. I mean, oil-related items spiked in third quarter, propane, paraxylene and the like. Those have started to come off in fourth quarter. We couldnt turn them over quick enough because of the destocking in our normal seasonalization. Those will work its course through first quarter. And as those come up, youll see the benefit in second quarter, absolutely right.
Curt Espeland: The only thing Id add to list was benzene was also incredibly high in the third quarter and it has come off dramatically as you know. And its not just the flow through of the high-cost raw materials. Remember that when demand is really slowing down like that, also, we cant buy that much of the cheaper raw materials in the fourth quarter. So it really slows your turnover rate. Now that volumes are ramping up, we can both flow throughout the high cost as well as get a lot more of the low cost lot faster now.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Operator: We will now take our next question from John Roberts from UBS. Please go ahead.
John Roberts: Thank you. At the end of the presentation, it says youre assuming Brent crude will be similar at current levels. Its been so volatile over the past couple of months. Could you just talk about what you mean by current level? Is that rising through the year like the Futures Curve or average for the first two months of this year? Or what do you mean? And then related to that, you said more important that oil just be stable thats there. And so it could average in a pretty wide range and you could make your guidance as long as its stable and not going and up and down and up and down?
Mark Costa: So to answer the first part of the question, we are assuming close to I think what the curve is. So oil sort of in the low 60s moving up to the mid-60s through the year sort of whats embedded in our forecast. On the volatility question, stability is far better for us than volatility when it comes to oil and how it impacts raw material costs. And if it stays stable in the 60 range, we feel very good about our forecast. If it pops back to 85, obviously, we will get back into having to chase that raws up, but hopefully thats because demand is incredibly strong and the economy is recovering, if were in that scenario, we have all the pricing power to do so.
John Roberts: And then it seemed like you had really strong performance in Saflex in the quarter. And was that in-spite of inventory destocking your channel supply correction and so that it gets even stronger as you get into the second and third quarters?
Mark Costa: The business was really pretty stable. It wasnt much of a destocking event there. That was really isolated, especially plastics. So there we have such strong growth in innovation products with heads-up display and acoustics that are very high margin. So as those are growing at very high rates, the margin mix up grade you get is great. So the overall square meters could be down a little bit with the auto market, but the volume mix situation is actually quite strong. And I think that trend just continues as we go to the first quarter, same in performance films. Its remarkable that not only was North America a great story of growth, but China was a great story of growth through the fourth quarter even with car sales being down because our paint protection films are growing at incredible rates and very high values as we penetrate and develop really that market. So  and that trend again will continue as we go into the  in the first quarter. So destocking demand situation is really about speedboat as well as the raw material situation was also entirely about specialty plastics, where you had such a dramatic spike up in PX, which was a bit unique relative to the other raw materials in the third quarter and having to sort of get that through the system. 
John Roberts: Thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Kevin McCarthy from Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, good morning. Curt, I was wondering if you could provide some color as to what you are assuming for two things, working capital and cash taxes in formulating the free cash flow guidance for 2019?
Curt Espeland: Good morning, Kevin. So yes, we are expecting another strong cash flow. If I think about just the moving parts, its not the two that you mentioned. We are expecting earnings to improve, so that should help us translate into cash, because we know how to convert earnings into cash. Working capital should improve compared to 2018 because were not anticipating that same impact of higher raws as it flows through working capital items, such as inventory and receivables. We will still have some growth in working capital for our growth programs, but as a whole, the value should improve during the course of the year. I had also mentioned that youll see in the Appendix were going to moderate slightly our capital expenditures. So offsetting all those positive things, you did see a step up in cash taxes or youll see a step up in our cash taxes in 2018 as we no longer enjoy the benefits of those NOLs from the Solutia acquisition. And I think that will continue in 2019 as we move back into more normal cash tax payments and that headwind could be say $50 million to $75 million on higher cash tax payments in 20 over 208. But again, were going to generate greater than $1.1 billion and over the course of the year well see how much greater over $1.1 billion it will be.
Kevin McCarthy: Okay, thats helpful. Thank you. And I realized the new textile products are not enormous for you, but would you comment on how big that business is? And would you expect the growth profile to remain in the 30% range going forward?
Mark Costa: Yes. Weve had tremendous success in this business and its really exciting, because its really core to our story of Eastman and how we take these world-class technology streams, develop all these new applications have created this diverse set of products off of the silos extremely just like we have done in polyester and several other streams. And were really proud of the team who engaged in this and so its now probably about 16% of our revenue in the Fibers business. And if you look back three or four years, it was a much smaller percentage. So really changing the mix and quality of where we can get growth in the  into the Fibers business and these new growth applications. And that gives us that confidence of stability and looking for a very modest kind of growth out of this business if you look at the long-term.
Kevin McCarthy: Thank you very much.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Lawrence Alexander from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Lawrence Alexander: Good morning. One end-market question and one high-level question. On the end-markets, could you give a little bit of around the world take on what you are seeing in commercial construction trends? And secondly, can you give a sense for how lean you think Eastman is now? And what I mean by that is if demand does surprise on the downside in the back half of 2019 or 2020, how much room is there for cost-cutting in response?
Mark Costa: Sure. So from a commercial activity point  commercial construction point of view, I think that was your question Laurence, Europe has actually been pretty strong. There is a nice backlog that we can see of commercial buildings going up and they have a lot more glass on them, as I mentioned earlier and thats been driving very strong growth in Europe. Same in North America. We see commercial construction fairly good. China is a little bit of wildcard and not relevant to us as much on the commercial side, because we dont really sell our interlayers into that market. And if you think about our coatings business with our textile on to the architectural additives, thats a little bit more residential oriented than it is commercial oriented in the volumes. And that overall I think has been relatively stable for us and a good source of growth, net of the current economic situation. When it comes to your second question, which is if we head into more of a recessionary kind of situation, what we can do with costs. Ill break that down into sort of two parts. So on the manufacturing side, one of the big advantages we have of our large integrated sites is how we staff and operate them to give us flexibility in our cost structure when things are really strong, like the first nine months of last year versus where we are now versus that decline in demand question. And the way we build on that flexibility is quite a few of our employee base are contractors and we also use a lot of over time to run the plants really hard. And whats nice about that is as demand comes off, you can pull that lever and reduce those spends quite quickly, which we already have started doing in the current situation. And if demand falls further, you can pull those costs down even faster with less volume. So we have some flexibility built in there that can be meaningful to manage our cost structure. On the SG&A and R&D side, its a little but different. If you look at where we have been in SG&A and R&D, we have been quite successful in holding the costs relatively flat through productivity. And I would mention thats actually true for the total complex. Right? So if you look at 2014 through 2017, we did about a $1 billion of cost savings productivity that allows to completely offset inflation in that time period. As we told you in 2018, our costs were going to go up about $50 million. By the way, most of that is in manufacturing, not in SG&A and R&D, but it was a $50 million headwind to us last year against variable margin growth. And now, were going to take it back down to being flat. So I think that the SG&A and R&D though has less flexibility for pulling it down because were already still efficient. On that side, were already in the bottom quartile of SG&A and R&D as a percentage of sales in this industry and we have one of the most successful and robust innovation portfolios. So, were already being incredibly efficient with our spend on that side of things. And we are increasing growth investments in the commercial R&D area there, but were offsetting it with cost cutting everywhere else. There is less ability to sort of pull that number down in a meaningful way and stay on strategy with our innovation and growth. But net, I think we feel very well positioned for all of this. And I had also mentioned on our cash flow side, if you go into slowdown like that, you free up a lot of cash in the inventory receivables. So we feel very confident of our cash position in a more dramatic slowdown.
Lawrence Alexander: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Arun Viswanathan from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Arun Viswanathan: Hey, guys. Good morning. Just wanted to understand, maybe you can just give us your commentary on some of the end-markets, automotive obviously has been an area that we have seen quite a bit of destocking, especially in China and pullbacks and builds. How does that have affect your business and maybe you can also touch on what youre seeing in paints and coatings? Thanks.
Mark Costa: Sure. So overall market on the transportation sector, I would say, has been relatively good last year, obviously, slowed down especially in China in the fourth quarter and as I mentioned earlier despite that in Advanced Materials, we were able to deliver strong volume and mix growth through the end of the year. When you get over to coatings and tires in the AFP segment, its a little bit different. Were a little more tied to sort of the actual underlying market trends. We do have some robust growth in things like resins, in tires as well as some of our ketones and other growth projects inside coatings. But were going to track a little bit more with demand there. And thats where you saw some of that destocking take place. I would  and it was  there is a lot of it going on in China and I would mention some of it also going on in particular in tires in Europe. In the tire market, the tire produces have a bit of a slinky effect sometimes through the year on how they produce relative to whats flowing through their relatively complex distribution in retail channel. So every once in a while, you go through this corrections of  theyve produced more than where demand is at. And we saw some of that inventory correction going on in China and Europe in the fourth quarter and you can look at the tire companies, they all have identified that markets are sort of slowing down. The important thing to keep in mind though about these businesses is exposure is quite different for us when it comes to OEM and aftermarket, and were a lot more balanced. So, in AFP, its about 50-50 in the OEM exposure versus refinish, really in coatings, in tires, its actually 25% OEMs, 75% refinish. You also would remember that we are much more levered to commercial tires than passenger tires in the amount of Crystex that is consumed in the much larger rubber content of a commercial tire. So its very dangerous to over interpret a decline in OEM personal car production as a headwind for us across our businesses. 
Arun Viswanathan: All right. Thanks. And just as a follow-up, you had mentioned that AFP could be maybe at the lower end of, say 5% to 7% and AM would be at the upper end of 7% to 9% EBIT growth for the full year. I guess both of those imply a pretty sharp snap back in Q2 through Q4. So, maybe, you could just give us your confidence level in that. And just asking because again there seems to be some concern about the level of destocking versus declining primary demand, so if it is more of the latter, just wondering, how we get that sharp snap back in Q2 through Q4? Thanks.
Mark Costa: Yes. Great question. Obviously, when we spent a lot of time debating and as we said, were in an uncertain world right now. So, its a little hard to predict what the macroeconomy is going to be for the year. So, what were assuming as a slow growth world, not as robust as the first half of last year and that is a planning assumption. The  we are pretty clear in our line of sight to inventory destocking going on in coatings and tires and specialty plastics with these very high value products. And so you can only destock for so long. And so you can see through that and then AM, again, I told you its all predominantly exports back to the U.S. So, as long as U.S. consumers in place, the destocking will hit an end and then demand will recover. So, we actually feel pretty good about that. Coatings and tires, a little more exposed to the Chinese consumer. So thats a little bit less clear, which is why were being a little more conservative in our guidance in AFP than in Advanced Materials. And  but we still see the destocking coming to an end, the question just is where is the Chinese economy for the rest of the year. And our belief is its actually still relatively good right now, but there is a lot of short-term caution by consumers. And if the trade war doesnt escalate, it will come back.
Arun Viswanathan: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: We will now take our next question from PJ Juvekar from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
PJ Juvekar: Yes. Thank you and good morning.
Mark Costa: Good morning.
PJ Juvekar: Mark, you talked about tire products and destocking there. So on Crystex, you had some smaller players shut down in China last year due to environmental reasons. But now with the auto industry slowing down, where do we stand on Crystex inventories? And was Crystex a big contributor to the 400 basis points margin decline in AFP in the quarter?
Mark Costa: No, Crystex wasnt a big contributor. I mean, most of the  I mean, there was some destocking of Crystex, of course, like some of the very high-value additives we have in coatings and that contributed to some of the headwind. But the bigger factor was obviously just high raw material costs flowing through relative to pricing for the overall segment. And we feel great about Crystex going forward. I mean, its  it is a market thats had waves of competitive activity, as you noted, some of those competitors have left. Theres always new competitors coming back in and thats why we focus on innovation versus just looking at supply-demand balances for our future. And this is a place, where weve been incredibly successful in innovation. So the new Crystex plant is up and running well in last year for the Cure Pro and Cure product lines, which provide far superior heat stability and efficiency in helping the tire plants run incredibly well. Were talking fairly meaningful improvements in tire plant productivity, because this mixing step where our product is used is typically the bottleneck for running a plant fast. So, the adoption rate has been great. Were focusing on innovation. This is all patented and weve even got another generation product beyond this one that is sort of revolutionary and what we can provide to the tire companies on the horizon that takes us even beyond this. So, this is a business thats got a lot of innovation opportunity and ways to keep it moving.
PJ Juvekar: Great. Thank you. And then I want to go back to your RGP project on the cracker. It looks like that $20 million investment is working well. Can you quantify the benefit in 2019? And as you make less merchant ethylene, you  how much less propane and propylene do you buy? Can you just give us the mass balance around that? Thank you.
Mark Costa: Well, Ill start and Ill ask Greg to give you some of the mass balance stuff, because he is helping communicate there. But Im not going to give you a specific number just on the improved ethylene. I would say thats embedded in our overall guidance in CI. What the benefits are is that simply we produce less merchant ethylene. And thus the pressure we felt on that in 2018, which you can quantify pretty easily with the market data, were just not going to have that merchant ethylene sale. And Id like Greg talk about the balance.
Greg Riddle: Yes. So if you remember on a corporate basis, we produced about 1.4 billion pounds, 1.5 billion pounds of ethylene. About half of that, we sell into the market. And with the RGP investment, well be producing about 80% less of the ethylene that we would normally sell into the market. So obviously, much less exposure to the merchant ethylene market as a result of this project as opposed to what we normally have.
Mark Costa: Its also great volatility reducer, because PGP to RGP is very stable, if you go look at history relative to what you can see on the propylene and ethylene relative to propane. So, it also sort of mitigates volatility as well.
PJ Juvekar: But you also buy less propylene, right?
Curt Espeland: Were buying
Mark Costa: No, actually because of the RGP
Curt Espeland: Yes, were fire grade
Mark Costa: Being substituted, which is obviously, propylene as a feedstock, it actually produces just a little bit more propylene.
Curt Espeland: And PJ, well send you a chart that we have that can help you manage now through this balanced state.
PJ Juvekar: All right. Thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Duffy Fischer from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Duffy Fischer: Yes. Good morning folks. I just want to understand better when your customers destocked in Q4, did you guys get the inverse of that and that you had to eat some inventory or were you able to ramp back your production enough that that wasnt the case? And if it was, can you kind of help us size how much on your balance sheet was in excess because of that effect?
Mark Costa: Sure. Yes. No, because of the stocking kind of played out through the quarter and was more pronounced as we ended the year, we in fact had difficulty adjusting our operations to fully overcome the destocking in our own production rates. To size it, maybe just look at the difference between our targeted free cash flow and what we achieved. Maybe thatll give you some sense of what that inventory effect was.
Duffy Fischer: Okay, great. And then just a second one. On the ability now to ship tow into China from Korea, is that meaningful or not meaningful for this segment?
Mark Costa: To me, fully keeping the segment stable. So when you look at  we had tow sales into China until August in 2018. And if they had stuck to their policy this year of no tow from the U.S. or even without qualifying in Korea, that would have been a headwind for us. By getting Korea qualified, that allows us to keep things relatively stable to 2018.
Duffy Fischer: Great. Thank you guys.
Greg Riddle: Holly, lets make the next question the last one please.
Operator: Okay. We will take our last question from Matthew Blair from Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Please go ahead.
Matthew Blair: Hey. Good morning, everyone. I was a little surprised at the quarter-over-quarter decline in CI, just given that the propane cracking margins seemed like they should have improved for you. Could you just walk through the main moving parts here and perhaps provide some sort of break-out of the impacts you saw in intermediates versus means versus plasticizers? Thanks.
Mark Costa: So first of all, we werent selling ethylene in the quarter and have some of the unobserved fixed cost as a result of that. Second, you have prices coming off with the raw material environment as they tend to do in Chemical Intermediates, but still at a slow flow through of raw material costs on that basis, in particular in some of the acetyl products and a few of the olefin products. So that really is what drove the earnings to come in year-over-year lower.
Curt Espeland: And if I could add to that Matthew, dont forget, we were not able to turn our inventory over. And so we have  still have that higher valued inventory sitting in our manufacturing sites, a good portion of that is attributable to CI and were live full shop and what that does to our earnings in a particular fourth quarter item.
Mark Costa: Yes. Even CI is seasonally lower in volume sequentially from the third quarter to fourth quarter, so that just spike in raw materials in the third quarter is a real tough timing in the year to get rid of it.
Matthew Blair: Great. Thank you.
Mark Costa: So I just want to wrap up and say that obviously, we recognized fourth quarter was tough and the first quarter is not what we wanted to be. But as we look at the future of this company and all the investments weve made that innovation-driven growth model really does give us the ability to push through this kind of environment, continue to create value and find ways to grow and were also sensitive to the environment were in right now and aggressively managing costs more than normal to make sure that we translate very well margin growth from the top line to EBIT a lot quicker this year than what we were able to do last year with the headwinds that we had relative to what were expecting this year. So that leverage I think is an important part as we think about the overall math in a slow growth world this year being able to deliver quite strong earnings growth once we get passed the first quarter. So, appreciate all the questions and thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen...
Greg Riddle: Thanks again for joining us this morning. Have a great day. Go ahead, Holly. Go ahead.
Operator: Yeah. Sorry. This concludes todays call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-26 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Riddle - IR Mark Costa - CEO Curt Espeland - EVP and CFO
Analysts: David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Vince Andrews - Morgan Stanley Frank Mitsch - Fermium Research PJ Juvekar - Citi Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Instinet Jim Sheehan - SunTrust Jeff Zekauskas - JP Morgan Mike Sison - KeyBanc John Roberts - UBS Laurence Alexander - Jefferies Matthew Blair - Tudor, Pickering & Holt Kevin McCarthy - Vertical Research Partners
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company Third Quarter 2018 Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastmans website, www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Greg Riddle: Thank you, Cody, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Curt Espeland, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Jake LaRoe, Manager, Investor Relations. Before we begin, Ill cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the companys third quarter 2018 financial results news release, during this call and in the accompanying slides, and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for second quarter 2018 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for the third quarter 2018. Second, earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain non-core and unusual items and have been adjusted for the forecasted tax rate as of the end of the interim periods. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded and adjusted items are available in the third quarter 2018 financial results news release, which can be found on our website, www.eastman.com in the Investors section. Projections of future earnings exclude any non-core unusual items and assume that the adjusted tax rate for first nine months 2018 will be the actual tax rate for the projected periods. With that, Ill turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Costa: Good morning, everyone. I'll start on page 3. During the first nine months of the year, we delivered a 13% year-over-year increase in adjusted EPS growth and our third quarter was in line with our expectations. We delivered strong volume growth with innovation driven mix improvement across our specialties, advanced materials and additives and functional products. We also delivered sequential earnings stability in fibers and stability in CI. The portfolio specialty businesses we've built is showing resiliency in the face of global uncertainty and we remain confident in our ability to deliver sustainable earnings growth. Our innovation programs are the key to our success and we're seeing great progress on a number of fronts. For example, AM delivered 9% volume growth in the quarter and 7% through the first nine months, through attractive premium products like Tritan, Saflex heads up display interlayers and performance films, well above end market growth rates in transportation and consumer durables. In AFP, despite a tough comp from the large solar fills last year, volume growth increased 1% in the quarter and 6% through the first nine months. We continue to have double digit growth in product lines such as Impera tire resins, animal nutrition, water treatment, olefin polymers and adhesives, crop protection, plant growth regulators among others, which were driven by revenue synergies from our acquisitions. And in fibers, we're continuing our trend of delivering excellent revenue growth in textiles. Our innovative product offerings in acetated yarn delivered an exceptional revenue growth of 30% this quarter, giving us confidence that the fiber segment is stabilizing and we continue to be on track to deliver more than $350 million of new business closed this year across the company with the greater than 20% increase through the first 9 months. In a few moments, Ill highlight a couple of examples of how we're executing our innovation driven growth model. Through relentless engagement in the market, our world class technology platforms and powerful application development, we're creating our own growth and winning with customers. On the cost management front, we remain focused in offsetting inflation with disciplined productivity savings. Free cash flow also remains a strength for us. Despite headwinds from higher raw materials, we have a path to deliver 1.1 billion in free cash flow this year. And we are allocating our strong free cash flow in a disciplined manner and aligning with our priorities. Through nine months, we've returned $615 million to shareholders, with $375 million of share repurchases and $240 million of dividends and we remain very committed to de-levering $300 million. Our third quarter results demonstrate that we continue to execute on what we can control, namely innovating through our enterprise and allocating our strong free cash flow in a disciplined way. On slide 4, a key driver of success and growing our specialty business is not only creating new product innovation, but improving our commercial execution and driving revenue synergies from our acquisitions. Our teams continue to make great progress of delivering synergies from the Taminco acquisition. In addition to markets such as animal nutrition or crop protection, which we've highlighted in the past, our chemicals business is delivering strong growth. Authorities around the world including China are in the process of adopting more stringent, environmental laws that require state-of-the-art water treatment solutions for the industrial municipal water treatment applications. Our unique technology and products allow our customers to manufacture polymers, and enhance purification of water. These widely used products are recognized as the best available technology today due to their remarkable ability to remove dirt particles efficiently at a low dosage in highly demanding water treatment applications. The growth opportunity is further enhanced by the acquisition of the remaining stake in our China JV last year and a subsequent capacity expansion at this site. So far this year, our water treatment business is up double digits. This growth opportunity coupled with our continued enhancement of commercial execution capabilities continue that trajectory. Another exciting example is in advanced materials. After ten years of tremendous growth with Tritan copolyesters, we continue to relentlessly engage customers, innovate and win in this market and this is exemplified by our recent success in the medical application. As we outlined at Innovation Day, healthcare associated infections are on the rise. To combat this issue, aggressive cleaning protocols are being used on hospital equipment, which causes the thermal plastics and these devices to fail prematurely, costing the hospitals a lot of money. Tritan has long been an innovative product with consumers for its toughness and BPA free chemistry. It also has great chemical resistance, which enables it to be the most compelling thermoplastic to hold up under these new hospital cleaning protocols. We continue to build momentum on this program with strong early market adoption in 2018. A great example is the recent win we've had with Mindray, an emerging technology leader in patient monitoring anesthesia and ultrasound. After successful trials, Mindray launched Tritan in all of its North American patient monitors, making them disinfectant ready and more durable over time. With this success, we are poised to drive additional growth with Mindray to pursue opportunities in other devices as well as other geographies. This combination of market and application development underpinned by world class technology platforms continues to prove to be the model that delivers great results. In 2018, Tritan is on track to deliver another year of double digit growth. And with that, I'll turn it over to Curt.
Curt Espeland: Thanks, Mark and good morning, everyone. I know it's been a rough couple of weeks in the market, so hopefully, you will sense that Eastman remains calm and is marching ahead with a compelling growth strategy in the face [indiscernible] global uncertainty. So with that, I'll start with third quarter results on slide 5. Sales revenue increased led by Advanced Materials delivering double digit revenue growth. Chemical intermediates also continues to do a nice job, raising prices to more than offsetting rising input costs in a challenging raw material environment. EBIT in the quarter declined, as solid earnings growth in advanced materials was offset by other segments. Weve continued to make strong progress for the variable margin per unit, which increased in the quarter through mix upgrade and prices mostly keeping up with the increasing raw material costs. This progress was offset by challenging year-over-year volume comparisons in both the fibers and additives and functional products segments as well as we continued to see some investments in growth. Earnings per share increased both year-over-year and sequentially due to solid opportune results, a lower effective tax rate and share repurchases resulting in lower share count. As always, we focus on driving value through every line of the income statement to deliver earnings per share growth. Overall, a strong third quarter. Moving next to the segment results and starting with advanced materials on slide 6, which delivered 9% volume growth in the third quarter. Sales revenue increased due to higher sales volume and continued improvement in product mix across the segment, driven by double digit growth in premium products such as Tritan copolyester, Saflex heads up display and performance films. EBIT increased primarily due to higher sales volume and improved product mix, partially offset by higher raw material cost and increased growth investments. Looking at our expectation for the full year of 2018, we expect EBIT to grow towards the low end of the 7% to 10% range we communicated at our Innovation Day. For the year, this reflects mid to upper single digit volume growth, which is well above their end market growth and reflects the progress we're making on innovation. In addition, we're implementing price increases in our copolyester products to mostly offset the substantial increases in [indiscernible] costs that occurred through the third quarter. Overall, a solid quarter and advanced materials is positioned for strong earnings growth in 2018. Now, to additives and functional products on slide 7, which had a solid third quarter. Sales revenue increased, primarily due to higher selling prices across most product lines and modest volume growth due to the tough comp in third quarter of 2017 from large solar fills. EBIT decreased slightly, primarily due to higher raw material and energy cost and increased growth investments, partially offset by higher selling prices and volume growth. Additives and functional products is doing a good job, managing through a number of headwinds. Raw material and energy costs have increased and we are making progress in catching up with higher prices and we've not had our year-over-year price increases for third, I'm sorry, six consecutive quarters. An exception is that adhesives resins market were an increase in competitive capacity is making it difficult to raise prices to cover rising oil driven raw material costs. With that said, we continue to expect volume growth for the year will be in the mid-single digits, consistent with 6% growth through nine months. In the fourth quarter, we expect continued strong volume growth in animal nutrition, care chemicals and olefin polymers and we expect some de-stocking from customers in tires and coatings in the fourth quarter. Adding them all together, we expect full year EBIT to grow towards the low end of the 5% to 7% range we communicated at our Innovation Day. Now, on to chemical intermediates on slide 8, sales revenue increased due to higher selling prices across most product lines, mostly offset by lower sales volume, primarily due to lower merchant ethylene sales. EBIT decreased slightly due to lower sales volume being offset by higher selling prices, more than offsetting higher raw material and energy costs. Chemical intermediates has continued to do a nice job raising prices to offset the impact of a challenging raw material environment. In the fourth quarter, we expect EBIT to be up somewhat year-over-year with higher volume, excluding merchant ethylene and higher selling prices, continuing to offset higher raw material and energy costs. Ill finish up the segment reviews with fibers on slide 9, which continues to demonstrate progress toward stabilizing results. Sales revenue was down slightly in the quarter, as selling prices declined in line with previous quarters this year. Sales volume increased as growth in textile and non-woven applications was partially offset by lower acetate tow sales volume, reflecting customer buying patterns. We are making great progress in the textiles market as yarn volume was up 30% in the quarter, led by our Naia product line. EBIT declined year-over-year as expected and was about flat sequentially, showing stability for the first nine months of 2018.  In the second half of the year, we've been working to manage through a recent trade situation with China that started in the middle of the third quarter, which is resulting in no new Chinese tow imports from US manufacturing sites. As a result, we now expect total revenue for China for the full year of 2018 will be approximately 3% of towable fibers revenue segment, segment revenue versus the previous expectation of 5%. We continue to expect acetate tow volume outside of China to be stable for the year. And our productivity gains are continuing to flow through and the progress of our growth initiatives is contributing to earnings stability. Looking at full year 2018, considering all these factors, we expect EBIT in the segment to be slightly lower compared to the last year. And on the trade issue, were working to mitigate the impact for 2019 if it persists.  One last comment on our asset strategy. Our focus on innovation has resulted in repurposing some of our acetate tow manufacturing lines to textiles and non-wovens, which are no longer needed for tow and which has led to increased capacity utilization that improves our cost position to serve our tow customers. The net result is that our global acetate tow capacity today is approximately 155,000 metric tons, which is 30,000 metric tons or over 15% less than it was compared to a year ago. We are making progress towards a future where when you look at fibers business, you won't see just an acetate tow business, but rather an innovation driven fibers business, serving diverse and growing end markets. This is yet another reason we are confident in our ability to stabilize the EBIT and cash flows for this segment. On slide 10, Ill transition to an overview of our cash flow and other financial highlights for the third quarter. We remain on track to deliver a solid year in cash generation and disciplined capital allocation in 2018. Capital expenditures for the first nine months of 2018 totaled $381 million, excluding insurance proceeds. And we expect full year capital expenditures, excluding insurance proceeds, to come between 525 million, to 550 million somewhat lower than our previous projected, as we manage capital in this uncertain global economy. On free cash flow, we have a number of factors in the fourth quarter beyond normal seasonality that give us a path to generate approximately $1.1 billion of free cash flow for the year. First, the fourth quarter will include receipt of the final coal gas insurance payment of $65 million. Second, we expect additions to property and equipment in the fourth quarter will be more than $50 million lower than a year ago period. Third, we have plans in place to aggressively manage our working capital. Looking at the balance sheet, we remain committed to using $300 million of free cash flow to reduce debt this year. Additionally, we remain committed to returning cash to stockholders. Through the first nine months, weve returned $615 million, split between $240 million in dividends and $375 million in share repurchases. We have improved our expected full year effective tax rate to be approximately 17%, below the bottom of our previous range. Lastly, one more comment on the coal gas incident. We have previously indicated we expect the final net impact of the incident to be between $25 million and $50 million. With the final insurance settlement recorded in the third quarter of 2018, the net impact was approximately $25 million. And the negative cash flow impact in 2018 is expected to be at a similar level. I really appreciate the efforts of the Eastman team to help minimize the financial impact of last year's incident. Well done. And with that, I'll turn it back to Mark.
Mark Costa: Thanks, Kurt. On slide 11, I'll discuss our 2018 outlook. For the first nine months of 2018, we delivered strong volume growth and mix improvement in our specialty segments, but were two times the growth in the underlying markets. We're continuing to benefit from innovation driven growth model. We're making great progress on new business revenue closures, which is up 20% through the first nine months and we expect to continue creating our own growth in the many applications across the company through innovation enabling us to grow faster than the underlying markets.  Were also on track to offset inflation through productivity. And as I mentioned in my first slide, we returned $615 million to our stockholders through the first nine months, including accelerating our share repurchase program. Lastly, we have improved our effective tax rate. At the same time, while we focus on what we can control, we're managing a number of headwinds. We're seeing some pockets of destocking, but no evidence of a broader slowdown, with the exception of autos in China.  We've also seen higher raw material and energy prices, although these are volatile as we've seen over the last several days and we have some limited exposure to trade disputes, particularly in fibers. Taking all this together, we expect that the EPS growth will remain at the 10% to 14% range and will likely be towards the bottom of that range. And as Kurt mentioned, we have a path to deliver over $1.1 billion of free cash flow, which is one of the strongest in the industry and reflects our outstanding performance, especially in this inflationary environment. On slide 12, let me make a few comments about our expectations for 2019 and summarize where we are. As we look at 2019, we have a couple of high level assumptions. Economic growth is similar to 18, raw material and energy prices are fairly stable and the US dollar does not strengthen meaningfully from the second half of 2018. In this context, we expect continued growth in volume and mix upgrade, which has been powerful for the last five years. In particular, we'll continue to create our own growth through our innovation driven growth model. We expect to benefit from the absence of significant operational headwinds, including unplanned vendor outages and higher than normal plant shutdowns. We also don't have another large step-up in growth cost next year. With our expected growth and fixed cost leverage, we will convert our variable margin to the bottom line much more effectively than this year, providing an attractive return on these investments, as we move forward. And we expect to benefit from our GP investment, lowering our merchant sales in ethylene relative to 2018. With more stable raw material prices, we will not be chasing raw materials with price increases through the year in the specialties. On a segment level, we expect to see sustainable earnings growth in the specialties due to the volume growth and fixed cost leverage, along with stability in fibers and CI, which is consistent with what weve shared with you at Innovation Day. And discipline allocation of our strong free cash also contributes to EPS growth. As a result, we expect EPS growth to be in the 8% to 12% long term range we communicated at Innovation Day. We'll talk more about our outlook for 2019 on our call in January when we have more insight into the macroeconomic conditions. Finally, let me summarize where we are and why I'm so confident about our future. As you think about our portfolio, we're showing progress in our goal of driving from 70% to 80% of our business in specialties, which is especially important in the face of uncertain macroeconomic trends. All this comes together for a terrific bottom line. We can grow faster than the underlying markets and sustain our margin through our unique innovation driven growth model. We also do this through the scale and integration, which gives us a competitive advantage in how we develop new products and bring them to market. And finally through disciplined portfolio management that leads you to one of the strongest free cash flows in the industry, a strong return on invested capital that is growing and compelling compounded EPS growth through 2020 and beyond. When we put it all together, we're well positioned for long term attractive earnings growth and sustainable value creation for our shareholders and all of our other stakeholders. With that, I'll turn it back to Greg.
Greg Riddle: Thanks, Mark. We've got a lot of people on the line this morning and we'd like to get to as many of the questions as possible, so I ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow up. With that, Cody, we are ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Mark, just on 2019 guidance, when do you expect selling prices to catch up the raw materials in the specialty businesses?
Mark Costa: Hi, David. So, we're making great progress on that front already through the third and fourth quarter. AFP has had six consecutive quarters of price increases, making good progress on that and we expect that as we work through the fourth quarter and into the first quarter, we should be in a good position to get our prices to catch up. I mean, the fourth quarter includes normal seasonality and destocking as we've mentioned. So, we'll get some of it then, but the remainder in the first quarter.
David Begleiter: Very good. And Curt, just in 2019, how should we think about share buybacks versus debt reduction in terms of the capital deployment for next year?
Curt Espeland: So it starts with, you should assume that our free cash flow will grow, because we're doing a great job, converting net earnings to cash flow. Well be assessing how much de-leveraging. I think our de-leveraging will decline, in part, that will determine based on how much EBITDA growth we expect next year. So if you think about cash flow deployment, it's going to be first to pay that nice dividend that we have, which is yielding even better than it was a month ago. Secondly, it will be doing some continuing leveraging, but less than what we did this year and in absence of bolt-ons, it will be deployed for share repurchases.
Operator: Well now move on to our next question from Vince Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vince Andrews: Just, you referenced the de-stocking, can you just clarify, are you seeing any destocking outside of something as a derivative of auto production?
Mark Costa: Sure, Vince. So right now, it's always hard to know exactly what's going on, especially at the beginning of the fourth quarter. We certainly see some destocking in coatings and tires as you noted that is associated with the auto industry. We are anticipating that there's some potential de-stocking that could be driven by trade concerns in China about our customers ability to export back to the US, which would be more sort of specialty plastics, consumer durable oriented. But Id tell you right now, orders are holding up relatively well in October across the specialties. So, outside of autos, where we can see some de-stocking, it's more about anticipation of these issues more than things we see at the moment.
Vince Andrews: Okay. That's good to hear. And just as a follow-up, on the cash flow statement, what's the big swing factor in this other items net line?
Curt Espeland: What you see in the other net just in the third quarter is we did our settlement with our insurance provider for the coal gas incident. That created a $65 million receivable at the end of September, which we've not collected in October. Another way to think about it, as you think about our seasonality of cash flows, as I mentioned, the net impact is going to be roughly $25 million on cash this year. So if you assume that $65 million benefit in fourth quarter, that means our cash flows have been hurt mostly this year and a good part of that was in the third quarter. So that's what you're seeing is the seasonality of cash flows, but that specific item that you're seeing in other is a $65 million insurance receivable at the end of September.
Operator: Well now take our next question from Frank Mitsch with Fermium Research.
Frank Mitsch: Following up on the destocking question, I believe you said the pace of business in October was holding up well and kind of your guidance is anticipation of these issues, are you meaning to say that you're leaving yourself some wiggle room in terms of the guidance of the various segments or you have pretty clear line of sight that come November, come December, you're going to be hit with these issues.
Mark Costa: Well, Frank, I think that any fourth quarter is a tough one to predict. There's always a certain amount of seasonal decline due to normal de-stocking and demand trends. Obviously, we're in a much more volatile time right now when you see what everyone else is saying around the industry. I think our guidance is pretty good. It does include some anticipation. When you think about the fourth quarter, you've got a couple of factors. One is the de-stocking issue as we've identified and it's our best estimation.  You've also got raw materials, prices still chasing raw materials I'd say and AM, we feel good, we've implemented some price increases in October that have gone quite well to start catching up to PX. And so I think we're making really good progress there to get to where we need to be by the first quarter with where we think PX prices are going to sort of trend off. And in AFP, were still doing the same thing, which is managing our price relative to rise, with the exception of adhesives, where we have been talking about a known coming challenge for quite some time.  So when you put those two things together and you've got a bit of a tough comp as well, when you think about the fourth quarter, we have some higher shutdown costs, you have some of those solar fills that were really strong in the third quarter of AFP. It was also about a third of them were in the fourth quarter. So there's a lot of things we're trying to balance in that guidance. But we still feel it's a very good fourth quarter.
Frank Mitsch: And Curt, I couldn't help, but notice a little bit of the [indiscernible] on the dividend yields. To what extent and you outlined what your thoughts were in 2019, but  and youve been accelerating your repurchase here in 2018 versus your original guidance there. What should we be expecting, given the decline here in Q4?
Curt Espeland: Welcome back, Frank. As it relates to the share repurchases, we're going to be disciplined with our capital allocation and we're going to complete utilizing $300 million of free cash flow to de-lever. So, you can do the math off of our 1.1 billion to determine kind of roughly how much share purchases well be doing this quarter and I can assure you what the discipline that our treasury team executes, we've been in the market with 10b5-1 plan. So, weve been in the market all year. Were going to be in the market in the fourth quarter and I can assure you, were going to be in market next year as we continue to repurchase share as part of our disciplined capital allocation philosophy.
Operator: Well now move on to our next question from PJ Juvekar with Citi.
PJ Juvekar: Good morning and good quarter in advanced materials. Your volumes have been growing nicely at high single digits for a few quarters, but prices are not following. Is that just a lag or is that a deliberate strategy, so that you can push classics like Tritan into new applications.
Mark Costa: So, there are two different sides of this story as we've discussed in the past. The -- first of all, we're very happy about advanced materials and the strong progress thats having, delivering very strong growth, relative to the underlying markets across the whole business. So the top line has been great, the mix upgrade has been great. Within the third quarter, PX prices moved up pretty dramatically within the quarter and most of that's clearly pricing. So, you couldnt really take action on that dynamic until you got to October 1, which we did and we've introduced a price increase that should cover most of that PX increase, as we work through the fourth quarter.  So if you look at our history on that side of things and all of our copolyester related products, I think we've actually managed price to rise fairly well. As we said in the last call, on the interlayers business, we have had an intentional strategy of sharing some of the scale up of our high end specialties, heads up display, and acoustics. As we ramp those products out, get more cost efficiency in how we make them, we've shared some pricing on that with them to support their growth, which has been exceptionally strong and we have very high double digit growth in heads up display, strong growth continues in acoustics that drives a significant amount of earnings increase on the mix side that is far more valuable than the modest price declines we've been sharing with them, as we gain efficiency on the fixed cost leverage.  So net, there are two different stories and strategies there, both of them working incredibly well and I think we're on track to deliver good growth. It's important to remember that it's not just price to rise as part of the story in the third quarter and the fourth, is the growth investments we've made in this segment, which in the third quarter was around $10 million higher growth costs than 2017. So when you sort of think about those two factors put together, it was actually very strong results for AM.
PJ Juvekar: And just on strategy front, in last three years, you stayed away from big M&A after acquiring solution Taminco, are there smaller bolt-on deals that you're looking at that you can add to the portfolio and at what point do you feel that you can go back and look for a bigger deal after that youve grown this portfolio now in last three years?
Curt Espeland: So, no change in our philosophy, PJ. We've been looking primarily at bolt-on acquisitions. There's things in the pipeline, we're going to continue to be disciplined, as we go through that process, who knows maybe some of this market volatility will create some closure in bid ask spreads that we're encountering in some of our activity out there. So again nothing eminent right now on the bolt-on acquisition front and we're going to remain patient and a disciplined buyer.
Mark Costa: Yeah. I would just add that on the large M&A question, we're actually quite happy with the portfolio we have. I think we're well ahead of the industry in being very disciplined in portfolio management. As you all know, we divested a lot of commodity businesses, 3.5 billion in revenue and we did some substantial acquisitions with solution Taminco and a few bolt-ons that got us over 4 billion in revenue, dramatically improving the structural quality of our EBIT margins as well as improving the stability and ability to create our own growth in times like this where economics -- the macro economy is a little less certain.  So we feel like we've done what we need to do in improving the quality of our portfolio. We're not looking for large M&A at this stage, because weve done the transformation we need, we're not just focused on bolt-on that as Curt said, much more importantly, our growth model is really paying off every day. We're driving a lot of innovation and growth across AM and AFP where we create our own growth and want to make sure we get a good return on investment for these acquisitions, which are a lot of the growth that we're delivering through the revenue synergies with them.
Operator: Well hear now from Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more detail around the tires margin [indiscernible]. It does seem like maybe some of the tire manufacturers and a few other chemical companies in that space have sounded a little bit more somber. Can you give us a sense of what you're seeing on sell-through you think there versus maybe the destocking issue that you talked about?
Mark Costa: Hey, Bob, its good to hear from you. So, we see the primary demand situation in tires similar, which is it's relatively slow. It's important to keep in mind that tire sales are also about 75% replacement. So, theyre relatively stable as well when you think about it over time in macroeconomic uncertainty, but that market isn't growing that fast. We've been benefiting from a lot of growth above market on things like our tire resins and making sure were aligned with the right customers in China who are doing more of the consolidating of the other tire companies and picking up some growth from that. More importantly, we are in a great position right now with launching our new Cure Pro product from our new Crystex technology into the marketplace.  It's being very well received and to bring significantly better performance in the products that are currently on the market, including our own by helping tire companies improve mixing efficiency anywhere from 15% to 20 plus percent. So right now, when you're trying to manage costs and be very efficient in our customer base, this is a highly valuable product and we expect to see good growth from leveraging that fixed cost that we have as a headwind this year, turning that into leverage earnings growth next year, but yeah, the overall market is going slow. We don't see it any differently. I would note we're more connected to commercial tires and commercial demand, so that's actually been quite attractive, especially in North America.
Robert Koort: And then shifting over to the [indiscernible] business, have you noticed -- there's been some puts and takes around demand trends I guess in active ingredients and what's going on there. Has that business been relatively stable or what's sort of the outlook in the crop chemical part of that business?
Mark Costa: So, the business has been stable. There's always been continued regulation in Europe around components of crop protection products or products in total and we continue to have some degree of restrictions on some of those products we have had in Europe, but it's just more of the same. That's been going on for several years. I wouldn't call it anything particularly new. I do -- have some upside that I think we didn't have when we bought Taminco as weve worked to help them have a more global reach in their commercial execution capabilities, we've been able to help them create a lot more growth from products like their growth regular products in Canada and North America by bringing a better global reach to that business. So while we have these trends in Europe that have been with us for years, we're now accelerating growth in other marketplaces to sort of manage against that and so the business overall net is very stable and very profitable.
Operator: And well move on to our next question from Aleksey Yefremov from Nomura Instinet.
Aleksey Yefremov: Your preliminary thoughts on 2019 EPS. Does this growth rate include any buybacks?
Curt Espeland: Yes, growth rate would include the buyback plans we have, yes.
Aleksey Yefremov: And Mark, on Tritan, following the expansion, I guess your growth here is progressing really nicely. Do you have any thoughts on how soon you could sell out this expansion?
Mark Costa: Well, we doubled our capacity. So, the very significant capital investment, which is why the growth headwinds this year are material relative to last year. So in talking to overnight, but with the continued solid and very strong growth we're seeing across the marketplaces in consumer durables, now reading on this medical application environment and a variety of new applications, it's sort of three, four years to fill it out.
Operator: Well now take our next question from Jim Sheehan with SunTrust.
Jim Sheehan: Regarding the trade dispute with China, can you talk about why you're optimistic this issue will be resolved in 2019?
Mark Costa: Well, first of all, we're not trying to predict when the trade issue gets resolved. That's at a better much higher level than my pay grade. But what we're saying is, like all companies, there are mitigating actions you can take to sort of minimize your exposure to some of these trade issues. Were a multinational company, we have assets around the world, not just in the US. And so, we have options we can work on to mitigate that exposure in fibers and in other products as well.
Jim Sheehan: And can you update us on your access ethylene position?
Mark Costa: Sure. So, we continue to sort of do grade work in mitigating our exposure to the ethylene market. As we mentioned in the last call, there are two different things we're doing. So for the back half of this year, we've significantly reduced the amount of ethylene were selling by reconfiguring how we run our crackers, the shutdowns that we had, in particular, the unplanned shutdown that we're forced in to buy our industrial gas supplier in the second quarter allowed us to accumulate quite a bit of propylene in inventory. So that allows us to run our crackers in a different way in the back half of this year, minimizing ethylene production that comes out of bit less propylene and storing a bit of ethylene.  And so that takes us pretty much out of the ethylene market for the back half of this year. That's not sustainable, which is why we're making the RGP investment to dramatically reconfigure our cracker and give it more flexibility to reduce the amount of ethylene we're producing. So as you look at next year, and how this investment will allow us to operate, we can reduce our ethylene production by about 80%, relative to normal and that allows us to significantly reduce our exposure there.  The RGP investment also produces more propylene from the production process as well as reducing the ethylene and then the feed slate changes pretty significantly in how we're feeding our crackers. So, our propane purchases drop in half. Our ethane purchases are about 20% less, were buying about 150,000 tons of RGP to get this result. And so what we've done is shift significantly our propylene to propane spread volatility towards PGP to RGP, which is much more stable if you look at history and allows us to significantly reduce our olefin volatility exposure in next year and retain flexibility, if it gets very attractive, we can switch back and take advantage of that. And this is $20 million investment with a payback less than -- in less than a year, so it's just a great investment opportunity for us.
Operator: Well now take our next question from Jeff Zekauskas with JP Morgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: Your SG&A costs are now in the mid-170s and in the first half of the year, they were in the mid-180s. Is the decrease a one-off item or is SG&A at a different and lower level? And then secondly in additives and functional products, if you ex out the solar comparisons, what was the volume growth in the quarter?
Curt Espeland: So Jeff, on the SG&A, I think maybe the way I'd answer that is let me just talk about growth investment. We are seeing growth investments during the course of this year. You see that in SG&A and R&D. That's all a part of our plan of building capabilities, particularly application development activities. So over time, you actually should expect SG&A and R&D to increase kind of throughout the year. Quarter to quarter, there can be variables that change SG&A, you saw some of that in the third quarter. I'd also say that with the current economic environment, maybe we tightened up our SG&A a little bit more in the third quarter. So you should see SG&A growing over time, third quarter was just some variability and let me just close out with a remainder, so our SG&A and R&D is still one of the lowest in the industry as a percentage of sales.
Mark Costa: Part of what I like about our strategy and our continued discipline about protecting shareholder value is how we make sure we're getting a good return on every dollar, not just in the SG&A, on the R&D. We have made tremendous success in repurposing or refocusing the R&D resources. So within our spend, we've doubled the amount of people working on application development, reducing what we're working on on some process elements that weren't as critical in creating value for shareholders. And so I think, we have a great track record of being disciplined, but overall for the year, you're still going to see about a $50 million headwind in growth costs on a full year basis, 30 plus of that is in the manufacturing cost and about 20 in the SG&A and R&D, but we do have some productivity offsetting the net spend that you're going to see show up on the P&L.
Jeff Zekauskas: What will end on the AFP issue, if you ex out the solar comparison, what would have been your volume growth in that quarter?
Mark Costa: I roughly thought half and half, Jeff. So about half of the 14% volume growth rate last year was the solar performance. So when you think about that and back that out of the results we have this year, you're talking sort of 8% volume growth year-over-year in AFP and everything else. So, it's a strong story of continued growth in that business.
Operator: Well now take our next question from Mike Sison with KeyBanc.
Mike Sison: Mark, when you think about 19, I know its a little bit early to give specific guidance by segment, but can you maybe gauge how much of the growth will come from your specialty businesses, they were really the key drivers this year and relative to the other segment.
Mark Costa: Yes. Sure, Mike. So, as I said in the prepared remarks, the specialty businesses, which is 70% of earnings and we're driving to be a higher percentage of our earnings will continue to be the horses that drive forward and build our earnings growth next year. So, we will continue to see a good growth in AFP and strong in AM. And, I think fibers will stabilize, CI with the investments we're making RGP, have the opportunity to be a little bit better next year than this year, but I think it's way early to call any of these items. But, I do think overall, we're driving towards a pretty solid growth. Id also sort of remind you not to overly focus on the back half of this year on some of the dynamics that sort of feed into how we go towards next year. You've got a lot of de-stocking going on, as we expect some of that in pockets in AFP and maybe a little bit in AM. You've got prices catching up direct, through the back half of this year and some of these isolated trade issues around fibers that on a full year basis next year really isn't much headwind, because now it's China tow is just so small.  And importantly, tough comp in 17 to 18 that will now put behind us. So overall, we feel like we're in a really good position to drive volume growth in the specialties, leverage all the fixed cost investments that we've made and generate a lot of free cash flow and even on the price front, to rise if stabilize as I expect they will, given the environment were in, that doesn't become the headwind or chasing all year like, we did this year and that's not a drag next year.
Mike Sison: Great. And a quick follow-up on fibers, how big is the specialty fibers business and how much of that segment do you think you can convert over time and maybe remind us what are the end markets that that specialty fibers are penetrating and growing in?
Mark Costa: So, in fibers growth and repurposing this business to become a specialty business again is just a great story and we're really excited about it. The key markets are textiles and non-wovens and we have a real opportunity here with the change in sustainability and environmental trends about products that are certainly more environmentally friendly, so the timing couldn't be better for us to take advantage of that trend. So, Naia, our ester yarns, it's a biopolymer made from sustainable certified force.  And we've made some investments to materially improve its performance in fashion industry, so you're talking about fast fashion and luxury fashion, women's wear applications, intimate apparel applications is where we're going with those textiles and where we have a product that feels like silk at a much cheaper price has better breathability by far than some of the other alternatives in the marketplace and is a biopolymer that can be biodegradable. So for the fashion history, especially the millennials who are driving a lot of these decisions today, this is very exciting to them and I was just at the largest textile show in Paris a couple of weeks ago in a meeting with both textile mills and brands and it was just amazing to see how excited they were about this story and it all focused on sustainability and how we can sort of help them improve their position in the marketplace with it.  So that's going great, same story in non-wovens where a lot of non-woven things like facial wipes, baby wipes, things like that are trying to improve their sustainable position as well as biopolymers and biodegradability that we can offer up with our products. So, 30% growth rate, even though it's a small part of the overall fibers business today and we're making great progress. Now, it's up to about 15% of the segment revenue and the margins are good. They're certainly not tow margins, but they're attractive margins and we're excited about where we're going with this business.
Operator: Well now move on to our next question from John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: A quick question on Tritan and then on fibers. I've always thought about Tritans strength was in the high clarity applications, is it useful to think about Tritans sales, how much is high clearly versus how much are other properties thats driving the use of Tritan?
Mark Costa: Historically, you're absolutely right. I mean, the value proposition we've had historically and continues in consumer durables and some medical applications is high clarity parts very strong, high strength through requirement, chemical resistant requirements, and BPA free and that's been a core part of it. But the story we told you today has actually opened up an entirely new space that is more about compounding Tritan into opaque applications. Obviously, that's not been our historical footprint, but we're now expanding into opening up that entire market to us as well through Tritan and our new Treva, so, those plastic launch. So the housing is replacing all opaque. It's the housings of all these medical devices, youre typically compounding it with impact modifiers and other performance things or even with ABS or something that adds additional dimensional stability. But it's a whole new addressable market for us going forward.
John Roberts: And then on fibers, margins I think are still higher on [indiscernible] than they are in the new application, so should we expect earnings growth to lag volume growth in the fiber segment?
Mark Costa: Certainly, margins are different, but I'd still say theyre reasonably attractive, more like the company average. And in places, it's better than that. It's a relative growth rate issue, but the reality is to drive overall earnings growth, as we push forward, it's possible because you have, Tel is only going down 2% a year at this stage going forward and you've got 30% growth or 20% growth in certain applications. The math is still going to work to get you sort of net earnings growth on this, which is why we're repurposing this capacity to support this growth as we go forward. But it's still going to take a little bit of time. 2019 is about stability and then moving towards growth, as we go into 20.
Operator: Well hear now from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander: Hi. Two quick clarification, you gave in the prepared remarks a little bit of a laundry list of items that helps you on the free cash flow side. As we think about the bridge for next year, do you have similar items to offset or will the free cash flow conversion be a little bit lower. And secondly, I guess two threats today and I just wondered if you could parse a little bit how you're thinking about them. One seems to be that apart from some soft areas of de-stocking, demand is overall okay and the other part is that the portfolio is more resilient. Are you implying that, even given what we've already seen in terms of -- or what you're seeing with customer conversations, we would have seen in the back half of the year, more lumpiness without the efforts you've made in the last few years or do you think it's more just that demand is actually fairly benign and that we haven't really stress tested the new portfolio mix.
Curt Espeland: Right. So let me just talk to the free cash flow, maybe a way to bring this to life a little bit, lets just kind of bridge fourth quarter for a little bit. If you remember, fourth quarter of last year, we generated $435 million of free cash flow. In the fourth quarter, were going to have an insurance payment that we've already received as well as were going to have $50 million of lower CapEx. So in order to achieve our $1.1 billion of free cash flow, we are only needing some 60 million plus of additional free cash flow generation over last year and those are the types of working capital dynamics that we're working through. As you think about the conversion next year, I think we'll still have strong conversion of earnings next year. We might have CapEx, maybe a little less than it is this year. We won't have the net $25 million headwind, the insurance and then it's going to come down to how well working capital evolves, if you assume working capital, raw material cost normalize, that means you won't have the working capital challenges that youve had this year. So I see a path where we're going to continue to have good conversion. I don't see that conversion rate coming down.
Mark Costa: On the second question, sequentially, I think its probably better to go at it, because the 17 compares are tough in some of the businesses, especially AFP and fibers. But the trends we see sequentially in demand are relatively stable. So, we continue to see solid growth in the specialties. You're always going to see normal seasonality, as you go into the fourth quarter. And then at the AM level, clearly, we had strong volume growth in AFP when you adjust for the solar fills, you had strong volume growth. I think in chemical intermediates, there's always a certain amount of volatility. We saw some demand come off in the third quarter, some of that, which is seasonal in ag and a few others shut down dynamics of customers.  Nothing's sort of concerning. But as you sort of go into the fourth quarter, with this inflationary raw material environment that we've been in through the third quarter, it's natural to expect de-stocking, especially in places where demand has moderated a bit like the transportation sector, as we've highlighted in sort of coatings and tires or some trade related caution there. So, I think it's really important we don't overreact to what's going on in the fourth quarter right now. From what we see, it appears to be mostly de-stocking. It's always hard to know exactly what's going on with the primary demand, especially in a fourth quarter when there is normal de-stocking anyway.  And so, we're not in a position where we're sitting there, saying that we see a primary demand problem out there and the marketplace is outside of the obvious sort of stuff going on in autos. And it's really important to remind you all about autos in Eastman in the way it works. Overall, we've said our exposure in transportation is about half OEM half sort of refinish replacement. But it's important to break that down in a couple of ways. First is, on the AM side, it is much more OEM related, but that is where we have so many innovative products and interlayers like heads-up display and acoustics as well as paint protection films, allowing us to grow much faster than the underlying market, which we demonstrated already in the third quarter and expect that to continue into the fourth.  And then on the AFP side, about two thirds of that business is more sort of refinish replacement, when you think about tires and where our projects are going into automotive coatings. So, quite a bit of stability in those kind of markets in this kind of timeframe. And even within these markets, we target different applications. So, for example, in China, while the overall auto sales are down, we're actually seeing good growth, because we're more aligned with luxury cars than the smaller cars that don't have the tax incentives anymore and so we're still seeing good growth in our performance films business and some of our high value interlayers that go into the more luxury cars that are actually still growing in China. So, we have to be very careful not to sort of apply a broad brush on some of these things to make sure you understand. I think we're in a pretty solid position.
Operator: Well take our next question from Matthew Blair with Tudor, Pickering & Holt.
Matthew Blair: Do you have any more color on the 15% effective tax rate in the quarter? It seemed a little low. And then your guidance for full year 2018 I think implies Q4 tax should step up. Could you explain why that is?
Curt Espeland: Sure. That's just the seasonality of the effective tax rate. Earlier this year, we thought wed be in the 18% to 20% range, due to -- as we continue to evaluate the various moving parts of our effective tax rate, it actually improved to 17% for the year. What you see in the third quarter is just a catch up to that 17% rate on a year-to-date basis. But for the full year of 18, it will be around 17% and I can assure you we're working towards that rate next year.
Matthew Blair: And then so if I back out the tax benefit to EPS that you received in 2018, which I think is about 4%, it seems like your 8% to 12% EPS growth target going forward is actually a little bit better than what you're likely to put up this year, which I don't know I guess that's a little surprising, just considering all the talk about the slower growth in the back half of this year. So is that the right interpretation? Is there anything else that we should be taking into account?
Curt Espeland: So, no, when I think about 2018, there are some moving parts between EBIT and tax rate. So some of our year-over-year growth this year is improvement in tax rate, a little bit better than we thought last year. But when you go in to 19, the tax rate should not be a headwind or a tailwind and its all around underlying performance of the business that Mark already talked about. Im sorry, Cody, lets make the next question the last one please.
Operator: Absolutely. Well take our final question from Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin McCarthy: I just wanted to come back to the capital expenditure profile. It seems to me you've completed quite a few projects over the last 18 months. Tritan most notably, but Crystex and other product lines. As I listen to Curt's comments about CapEx, it seems like you could trend down slightly in 2019. So is it the case that you've got enough capacity across the portfolio at this point or are there other prospective growth projects that you plan to layer in over the next several quarters?
Curt Espeland: I think, Kevin, your intuition is correct. We do expect slightly lower capital expenditures in 2019 versus 18. Part of that is, keep in mind, some of the capital expenditures were for the coal gas recovery. So when you think about maintenance CapEx, its in that 300 million and 350 million. We showed at the Innovation Day, it could be anywhere from 500 million to 600 million going to 19, and probably be more towards that low end of that range.
Mark Costa: Yeah. I think it also connects back to sort of the fixed cost leverage comment. As you think about next year, under the assumption the world's growing, well have continued variable margin growth next year and a very different fixed cost situation where this year if you think about between the 50 million of growth investment costs and if you look at the sort of planned and unplanned operational headwinds we had this year, there's another 50 million. So you've got $100 million of headwind against variable margin and growing EBIT in 18 versus 17. And if you think about how that translates to 19, some of that annualize, so and that is down to sort of $75 million of tailwind, if you will of variable margins growing and how you have much less headwind in 19 to 18. So, there's considerable leverage here, which feeds into our view about how we can continue growing earnings into 19, as we don't have another step up of these costs.
Greg Riddle: Okay. Thanks again, everyone for joining us this morning. We hope you have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-27 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Riddle - IR Mark Costa - Board Chair and CEO Curt Espeland - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Jeff Zekauskas - JP Morgan Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Instinet PJ Juvekar - Citi Arun Viswanathan - RBC Bob Koort - Goldman Sachs John Roberts - UBS Jim Sheehan - SunTrust Lawrence Alexander - Jefferies Kevin McCarthy - Vertical Research Partners Matthew Blair - Tudor, Pickering, Holt
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company Second Quarter 2018 Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastmans website, www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Greg Riddle: Thanks, Margaret, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Curt Espeland, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Jake LaRoe, Manager, Investor Relations. Before we begin, Ill cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the Companys second quarter 2018 financial results news release, during this call and in the accompanying slides, and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for first quarter 2018 and the Form 10-K to be filed for second quarter 2018. Second, earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain non-core and unusual items and has been adjusted for the forecasted tax rate as of the end of the interim period. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded and adjusted items are available in the second quarter 2018 financial results news release, which can be found on our website, at www.eastman.com in the Investors section. Projections of future earnings exclude any non-core unusual items and assume that the adjusted tax rate for first six months 2018 will be the actual tax rate for the projected periods. With that, Ill turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Costa: Good morning and thanks for joining us. Ill start on slide three. We continue to make great progress in executing our strategy with strong second quarter operating results, consistent with our expectations. Our results demonstrate the strength of our specialty portfolio with 8% volume growth in Advanced Materials and Additives & Functional Products, combined, during the quarter. As I said many times before, we are creating our own growth through innovation and leadership in specialty markets. Were seeing excellent progress in converting our top innovation programs into commercial orders across AM and AFP. In a few moments, Ill share a couple of examples of the ways were winning the customers through innovation and our enhanced commercial capabilities. In addition to this especially volume growth, we are making good progress stabilizing our Fibers business, as results during the quarter and in the first half of the year demonstrate. In particular, were making excellent progress in accelerating growth with our textiles innovation platform, leveraging our total assets into new market applications. During the quarter, acetate yarn volumes increased by about 30%. We are expecting continued growth in the back half for the year. We continue to be disciplined in our cost management with productivity offsetting inflation, while we ramp up our investment and growth programs which are delivering above market growth. Cash flow remains the strength as we remain on track to generate $1.1 billion of free cash flow for the year. And we allocated our strong free cash flow in a disciplined manner and in line with our priorities during the first half of the year. We returned $410 million to shareholders with $250 million of share repurchases and $160 of dividends. And we remain committed to make progress improving our ratio of net debt to EBITDA. Our second quarter results demonstrate that we continue to execute what we can control. Namely, innovating through our enterprise and allocating our strong free cash flow in a disciplined manner. On slide four, a key driver of success in growing our specialty businesses is our continued upgrade of our product mix. We are driving double-digit growth in our high-margin specialty products through execution of our innovation-driven growth model. Our top innovation programs in AM and AFP are accelerating as more customers validate our innovative, differentiated products, which is driving growth today and into the future, and improving the quality of earnings through the higher percentage coming from our specialty products. We continue to be on track to deliver more than $350 million in new business closes this year. In fact, we saw a 25% increase in the new business close rate during the first half of 2018 and year-over-year, so off to a very strong start. Here too, the many ways were creating our own growth, improving the quality of earnings and wining the customers. We have talked in the past about how we leverage our diverse footprint, identify disruptive macro trends that will drive growth of 2 to 3 times the underlying market growth rates. We also talked about how we spend a lot of time to segment the market and carefully select the right partners to drive innovation and change. As a result of that, many of our core and premium products are growing faster than the market. One example that brings this approach to life in a relatively new category is our paint protection film in Advanced Materials. We combined the technology platform from our Commonwealth acquisition with Eastmans deep capabilities in polyester and coatings, and our in-depth experience in adhesives and functional films to deliver the best product in the market. We launched the next-generation paint protection film that delivers the superior protective surface, which can virtual repair itself when scratched because of its product self-healing properties. Plus, it helps consumers car stay cleaner longer. The market response has been tremendous. Consumers love the added functionality and channel partners appreciate the opportunity to grow their business. And to accelerate growth on the commercial front, weve expanded our LLumar and SunTek dealer network by 15% in the U.S., creating elite dealers who provide differentiated service to consumers. We also increased our focus on activating a new channel, car dealerships, sell and install paint protection films as part of the car buying process, increasing distribution points by 30% in the U.S. Globally, the overall paint protection film category grew greater than 10% last year. And in 2018, we are on track to grow that business more than three times that underlying market rate. Another example I would highlight is crop protection as part of the Taminco acquisition. In the crop protection sector, farmers want to maximize yields, which means reducing the number of plants that have fallen over, making crops difficult to harvest and producing lower yields. Eastman has introduced a premium version of the growth regulator product which was pioneered in Europe and has recently been launched in Canada. Our first year sales have exceeded our expectations. We are confident doubling those sales in Canada in 2019. This innovative specialty product, called Adjust] which will soon be introduced in the U.S., shortens that plant and strengthens the stems, and allows for improved and earlier harvesting that maximizes yield. The product also allows for much broader application window compared to other products in the market today. This allows farmers supply Adjust throughout the year and harvest in a timely way, especially as they focus on dual cropping system such as winter and summer weed. Both of these product launches are great examples of creating revenue synergies from our acquisitions, as we build capability in a market with compelling growth drivers where we are winning with innovation.  With that, I will turn it over to Curt. 
Curt Espeland: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Ill start with our second quarter corporate results on slide five. Sales revenue grew across all segments as we did a nice job driving volume growth in our more specialty product lines. This continues to demonstrate the power of our innovation-driven growth model, enabling us to deliver 2 to 3 times underlying growth in the market, and demonstrating we can grow around the globe with our specialties. EBIT increased as higher EBIT in Advanced Materials and Additives & Functional Products more than offset a decline in Chemical Intermediates. We are continuing to invest in growth across most of our portfolio and seeing the positive impact of those investments. Solid earnings performance during the quarter was partially offset by $20 million of planned maintenance in our Longview site as well as $25 million impact of industrial gas supplier disruptions at both our Texas City and Longview, Texas sites. Overall, we remain on track for strong EPS growth in 2018, reflecting the growth in our specialty businesses, stabilization of Fibers and the impact of our compelling free cash flow. Moving next to the segment results and starting Advanced Materials on slide six, which delivered strong 10% EBIT growth in the first half of the year. For the quarter, sales revenue increased due to higher sales volume across the segment, including premium products such as Tritan copolyester, Saflex heads-up display and performance films, as well as a favorable shift in foreign currency exchange rates. EBIT increased primarily due to higher sales volume and improved product mix as well as a favorable shift in foreign currency exchange rates, partially offset by increased investment in growth in higher raw material energy costs. We continue to invest in this business, accelerating our growth spend in premium product lines like Tritan copolyester and PVB resin for Saflex heads-up display and acoustics. For the back half of the year, we expect underlying business performance to remain strong as Advanced Materials executes its strategy of driving mid single digit volume growth, mix improvement and fixed cost leverage. With our strong first half results and our expectations for the back half of the year, we continue to expect earnings growth to be approaching the top end of the 7% to 10% range we communicated at our Investor Day, earlier this year. Now, to Additives & Functional Products on slide seven which had a strong second quarter and an outstanding first half of the year. Sales revenue increased, primarily due to higher sales volume across the segment, a favorable shift in foreign currency exchange rates, and higher selling prices more than catching to raws. Volume growth was strong in particular for animal nutrition and coatings and inks, attributed to both improved commercial execution and improving end markets. EBIT increased due to the higher sales volume and a favorable shift in foreign currency exchange rates, partially offset by an increased investment in growth. Looking at full-year 2018, our expectations remain the same as the guidance on our first quarter call. Strong volume growth across the segment, well above underlying markets, driven by great commercial execution ability, and innovation. However, the second half will not be quite as strong as the first to a few factors. In the first half of the year, a tough comp, particularly in the third quarter due to strong solar fills for heat transfer fluids in a year ago period; increased investment and growth, both new assets and growth resources; and lastly, lower industry operating rates for hydrogenated hydrocarbon resins due to a competitor capacity addition. All-in, we expect AFPs EBIT growth to be in the top-end of the 5 to 7% range we communicated at our Innovation Day. Now to Chemical Intermediates on slide eight. Sales revenue increased due to higher selling prices attributed to higher raw material costs and continued improvement in competitive conditions. Sales volume was driven by improvement in asset yields across a range of markets and the means in agriculture and energy were more than offset by lower volume due to both planned and unplanned outages. Regarding the unplanned outages, these were supply disruptions from our industrial gas suppliers at our Texas sites. Unfortunately, the length of time required to return to normal operations was longer than committed to by our suppliers. And therefore, the magnitude of the impact, approximately $25 million, was larger than we expected earlier in the quarter. We are now back at normal operations and happy to see these unfortunate events behind us. EBIT decreased in the quarter, primarily due to higher scheduled maintenance shutdown costs and the supplier disruptions, partially offset by higher selling prices and stronger volume in some derivatives. Lastly, Id like to take a moment to address our excess ethylene position. We have taken steps to significantly reduce the amount of excess ethylene we produced for both this year and next. Looking to the back half of the year, we are configuring to run our crackers at reduced rates with purchased propylene only incrementally higher to support downstream derivatives. We are maximizing the propane feed in the crackers to maximize propylene production. Ill remind you that our crackers are unique in their design to make as much propylene as possible. This configuration includes leveraging a higher level of propylene inventory accumulated through the second quarter. We are also leveraging our storage capability for ethylene. As a result, our ethylene spot sales will be limited in the second half of the year. In 2019, we are making a modest investment in our cracker flexibility to include refinery grade propylene in our feedstock slate. This enhancement will enable us to ramp up our polymer grade propylene production while dramatically reducing both our ethylene production as well as our propane purchases which minimizes Eastmans exposure to spot ethylene sales. I would also note that this project retains the flexibility to operate under normal operating conditions when market conditions improve. For the remainder of this year and next, spot ethylene price risk is not expected to have a material impact on our earnings. So, now, looking at full-year for the segment. We expect EBIT in the second half to be similar to the first half as the costs from outages do not repeat in the second half, partially offset by normal seasonality, particularly in the fourth quarter and then less ethylene volume being sold. Ill finish up the segment review of Fibers on slide nine, where results were in line with our expectations. Sales revenue increased due to the sale of nonwoven products, previously reported in other; higher sales volume for acetate tow, primarily attributed to customer buying patterns; and to continued growth in our textiles innovation platform. EBIT increased slightly due to higher sales volume and earnings from nonwoven innovation platform products, mostly offset by lower selling prices, particularly for acetate tow, and an increased investment in growth including costs previously reported in other. As was mentioned earlier, we are making excellent progress on our growth initiatives, which is a significant contributor to stabilizing this business. Looking at the full-year, we expect EBIT to be stable compared to last year. Acetate tow volume is expected to be stable for the year. The impact of our productivity gains will continue to flow through. And the progress of our growth initiatives will contribute to earnings stability. Of course, we had a tough comp in the third quarter due to customer buying patterns last year. But sequentially, we expect third quarter to be about the same as second; and the full-year, we expect EBIT to be about the same as the prior year. On slide 10, Ill transition to an overview of our cash flow and other financial highlights for second quarter. We continue to do an excellent job of generating cash with first six months operating cash flow of $408 million. Capital expenditures for the first half of 2018 totaled $244 million. We continue to expect our full-year capital expenditures to be approximately $550 million. And we remain confident in our ability to generate $1.1 billion of free cash flow for the year. Looking at the balance sheet. We continue to expect to use $300 million of our free cash flow to reduce debt this year, which we expect will occur in the second half of the year. Additionally, we remain committed to returning cash to stockholders. Through the first six months, we returned $410 million through a $160 million in dividends and $250 million in share repurchases. We expect our full-year tax rate to be approximately 18% at the bottom of our previous range, reflecting the continued benefits of our improved business operations and resulting impact of expected tax events. As a whole, our first half results gives us confidence that we are on track with our strategy. And with that Ill turn it back to Mark.
Mark Costa: Thanks Curt. On slide 11, Ill discuss our 2018 outlook, which is consistent with what we told you before. As youve seen from the strong volume growth in our specialty segments in the first half of the year, we continue benefit from the high-value innovative products with leading positions in attractive niche markets. We are also delivering revenue synergies of our acquired businesses, through improvements in our commercial execution capabilities and leveraging our combined technical capabilities to accelerate new product introductions. Our continued aggressive productivity is expected to more than offset inflation, and were investing a portion of that savings in our growth initiatives. Our refinery grade propylene investment to improve our cracker flexibility significantly reduces our exposure to ethylene price risk, while keeping the upside available. And the improvement in our tax rate is also contributing to growth. Finally, disciplined capital allocation has allowed us to accelerate our share repurchase program in 2018 compared with 2017. Putting this all together, our expectations for EPS growth remain the same at 10% to 14% compared with 2017 and will likely be in the middle of this range. Our underlying performance is strong as we focus on the things that we can control. And as Curt noted, third quarter is a tough comp to last year. One sensitivity is trade and the tariffs that could be implemented by the U.S. and China in the coming months. At this point, we see no exposure to any of the U.S. tariffs that have been implemented or proposed, which highlights another benefit of our vertical integration for most of our raw materials. Regarding the proposed tariffs, we see some modest but manageable exposure with our mitigating actions. When we consider this potential impact, we expect to be safely in the range of our guidance. Last, we remain committed to our $1.1 billion of free cash flow target, which is one of the strongest in the industry. On slide 12, I will summarize where we are. As you think about our portfolio, we continue to march down the path to make two specialties businesses a much bigger percentage of the total with our goal of driving from 70% towards 80%, and are making great progress in stabilizing Fibers and reducing volatility in CI. This all comes together for a terrific bottom-line. We can grow faster than the underlying market. We can sustain and improve our margins through mix upgrade. We view this through our unique innovation-driven growth model which is at the heart of how we win. We also view this through scale and integration, and investing in the unique capabilities we have in place to drive it; and finally, through our disciplined portfolio management. That leads you to one of the strongest free cash flows in the industry. Our strong return on invested capital is growing, and a compelling compounded EPS growth rates for 2020 and beyond. When you put this all together, we are well-positioned for long-term attractive earnings growth, sustainable value creation for our owners. With that, I will turn it back to Greg.
Greg Riddle: Thank you, Mark. As usual, weve got a number of people on the line this morning. And wed really like to get to as many questions as possible. So, I ask you to please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. And Margaret, with that, we are ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We can now take our first question from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Vincent Andrews: Thank you and good morning everyone. So, just curious on the adhesives competitive activity, just if you have any more visibility into that yet. I know, these plant start-ups can move around and what you have. But, is it proceeding as anticipated?
Mark Costa: We -- the plant that was completed by our competitor, effectively came on line towards the end of the second half -- first half of the year, so sort of recently. So, we are expecting some impact there as they bring that capacity on line. But, I would remind you that while they added a lot of capacity, demand growth has been incredibly strong in this business, underlying market is 5% to 7%. There is a lot of pent-up demand because the market was -- capacity wasnt available. So, we are seeing sort of leap in demand just because there was a need to use this product. And then, rosin to resin conversion is accelerating as the market is looking for an odor-free water-white kind of adhesive which you cant get with rosins. So, its important to keep in mind, the rosin market is as big as the resin market. So, all those things combined together to give us confidence that demand will fill this point out relatively quickly. But, there are some limitations on how we can manage price upward right now relative to an increasing raw material environment with oil increasing. But overall, its actually playing out as we expected.
Vincent Andrews: Okay, great. And then, Curt, if I could just ask you on the free cash flow, just looking at the cash flow statement, I cannot recall this either happened last year or 2016, I cant remember. But your cash flow from operations is actually a bit lower this year versus last year, and it looks like from working capital, receivables, inventories, but what -- sort of one, sort of why is that happening? And then, two, remind us of the mechanism of how you make that up in the second half of the year? Is it just seasonality or whats going on?
Curt Espeland: Sure, Vince. No problem. Yes, its normal for our seasonal increase in working capital the first half of 18; its probably little more dramatic this year than last year just because of the rising raw material environment, as well as stronger sales, which is a good problem to have, by the way. So, as you think about those stronger sales and higher input costs flowing to the system, that did have a kind of a net negative impact on free cash flow first half of the year as well as some lingering negative impact from the coal operational incident in the first half of this year. So, if you think about the trend in the second half of the year, cash flows will be expected to improve. One, as you expect, working capital needs will reverse, especially in the fourth quarter. The net proceeds from the insurance, from the operational incident, we do expect some of that more in the second half or as the costs are pretty much now behind us. And also dont forget, we expect a reduction of capital expenditures of a $100 million for the year. You only saw $30 million of that in the first half of the year. So, you will see a $70 million impact of reduced capital expenditures in the second half of the year, on a year-over-year basis. So, again, we remain on track to generate $1 billion of free cash flow in 2018, continuing to demonstrate the quality of the portfolio and our capabilities. There has been no material change in our free cash flow goals, and were excited about what we can deliver.
Vincent Andrews: And just to be clear, that was $1.1 billion?
Mark Costa: Im sorry. Yes. To be clear, $1.1 billion is free cash flow. 
Operator: We can now take our next question from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
David Begleiter: Mark, since you last gave guidance back in April, FX, and spot ethylene margins have gotten worse. So, could you tell us, in terms of your second half guidance expectations, whats the negative impact -- or the impact of the deterioration, both those metrics since your last guidance?
Mark Costa: Well, thanks, David. So, first of all, I think were on track for tremendous earnings growth for the year, 10 to 14%, middle of that range is great results, improvement in tax to help a bit as well in the back half. So, we feel great about what were doing on earnings growth. And the second half is a bit different than the first half. As you noted, with ethylene, the prices of ethylene are quite low right now. And weve made all these investments and changes to avoid basically participating on spot market and not incur those negative margins. So thats actually quite helpful, but of course you have less volume were selling relative to last year. So, thats a change from where we were in April. When you think about the specialty businesses, very much on track, consistent with everything we said. We see strong volume and variable margin growth. Some of thats tamped down a bit by the growth investments were making, and that are accelerating as we go through the year. So, that weighs a bit more on margins in the back half versus the first half. So, you see a bit of that dynamic going on. But, overall, it feels like were much on track and that ethylene headwind is not as material on that.
Curt Espeland: And David on the currency, you think about that, thats predominantly the euro. The currency was a tailwind for us first half year-over-year. But we see rates -- if they stand where they are now, its neither a headwind or a tailwind for the second half of the year on a year-over-year basis.
David Begleiter: Understood. And Mark, just on Advanced Materials, you didnt get any pricing any Q2. So, where do you stand in that segment price versus raws?
Mark Costa: First of all, Advanced Materials had a great first half of the year with 10% earnings growth and very much of strategy. Weve told you all along that our focus in this business is driving volume and mix upgrade every year, consistently for many years now, and we demonstrated another strong performance on that front. So, as you look at the margins in AM, you have margins actually improving as that mix upgrade delivers value year-over-year and sequentially. Thats then been offset by the increased gross spend. And just to step back to corporate level for a second, weve told you that we are increasing our growth spend between the new operating assets were bringing on line like Tritan and PVB assets in AM as well as Crystex plant and ketones expansion in AFP. So, overall, were at the high end of that range of about $50 million of growth spend for the Company, on an annual basis. That actually divides out across the segments, roughly $25 million in AM, $20 million in AFP, and about $5 million in Fibers of additional spend. So, when you take that sort of $25 million and realize its ramping up, so not much of that was in the first quarter, but its ramping up in the third through fourth. The margins of mix improvement that we delivered year-over-year and sequentially, were offset by about a 100 basis points of higher gross spend in the second quarter. So, that sort of nets each other out. And the great thing about that is the trends in the fixed cost leverage as we forward. So, we dont expect the same step up in investment -- growth investments next year across the Company that you are seeing this year. Therell be some carryover from this year of course, but there is no big next step in terms of gross margin lever. So that sort of deals with some of the margin story. On the actual pricing side of the equation, David. We had great success in increasing prices with raw materials on the polyester side of the equation and they are doing just fine. The spreads are holding in quite well. The place where we offset that is as we discussed at Innovation Day, we intentionally had some price concessions in the interlayer business in the annual contract negotiations last fall to achieve significantly improved mix on our heads-up display and acoustic sales that are much higher margins than our standard. So, while we gave up some price, we gained significantly on the mix and earnings as a result of that, which is consistent with our strategy. So, everything in AM is playing out exactly as we intended, driving a lot of earnings growth. And from both the first half of the year or on a full year basis being at the high end of our guidance range is very attractive growth.
Operator: We can now take our next question from Jeff Zekauskas from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. In your commentary, I think, you said that because of some supplier difficulties that cost you $25 million and maybe there is some another 25 from turnaround. So, basically, are you saying that you would have earned $50 million more in the second quarter, if you hadnt had these events? And maybe you can place that in context. In other words, whats the normal maintenance spending or the normal outage costs, such that we can gauge whether this is a normal event for Eastman or this is above average?
Mark Costa: Sure. So, to answer your question, if we take second quarter by itself that the supplier disruption was -- cost us about $25 million and the maintenance spend would have been -- was 20. So, if you didnt have both of those events, yes. Our earnings would have been up 45. But normally, if you look at total maintenance for the year, for this year compared to last year, its about the same. So, this is more about timing within a year. And so, thats why it was more $20 million in the second quarter. Greg, do you want to add something?
Greg Riddle: Just from a planned maintenance standpoint, it was about the same, the supplier prior disruption was certainly in addition to what would be normal for the year.
Jeff Zekauskas: So, for my follow-up, the conceptualization of Eastman by management is that the quality of the business is getting better. But, there really hasnt been any material change in the overall gross margin of Eastman. Is your idea that the quality of the business is going to be better and that your gross margins are going to rise to -- I dont know, 30%, instead of 25, or is the idea that the natural rate of volume growth will be faster because of new initiatives you have, so there isnt really much margin difference? 
Curt Espeland: So, Jeff, no, the idea is very much that the gross margins are going to get better. And certainly, if you exclude the operational outages, we are -- I am just going to make this on a full year basis, Jeff. When you exclude the operational outages that weve incurred and think about that $50 million of gross spend that we are investing for future growth this year, the gross margins this year are quite better. And so, as you move into next year, you are going to see that happen because obviously we dont intend to have the same operational problems as well as the fixed costs are going step up again next year. So, the variable margin grows, creates leverage, fixed gross margins will improve. So, there is every intention that those gross margins are getting better as we move forward.
Mark Costa: And if I could add, Jeff, two things. Yes, we do expect that volume better than market because of innovation program. I would also remind you, because it works the opposite way as input costs came down, so did revenue. In the future, revenue is going to up and thus by nature even as we grow gross margin dollars, the fixed percentage could move around a little bit on it just because of that inflationary pressure. We really look at it as a gross margin as a per unit basis, and we are seeing good growth in that per unit basis.
Operator: We can now take our next question from Aleksey Yefremov from Nomura Instinet. Please go ahead.
Aleksey Yefremov: Could you give us an update on your Crystex technology project, where does it stand currently?
Mark Costa: Sure. So, Crystex is on line, producing inspect material with our new Cure and Cure Pro products that provide far superior performance to whats available in the marketplace from any one, including our own historical technology, much better thermal stability, much better dispersion. Customers are verifying and validating significant improvement in their manufacturing efficiency using the product. So, we feel great about the program.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thank you, Mark. And then, just to follow-up on comments on refinery-grade propylene. Are you -- what are you actually doing there? Are you adding capacity to convert refinery-grade to chemical-grade, is it some new capability that you are adding? And could you just explain whats happening there?
Mark Costa: Sure. So, its been enabled by the shutdown we just completed. So, we are modifying the front end of our cracker and refining capability on the front end to be able to add RGP to the mix instead of just using ethane and propane. And the great thing about this story is we had to make some large capital investments as all of you know in our two smaller crackers for safety reasons. And this was the second cracker that we just finished modifying. It made available equipment that was being used historically, now not needed. And we can modify that equipment to now be the refining capability for RGP to include in the mix. So, its a modest capital investment that normally would have cost significantly more amount of capital, taking a lot longer time to do. But now, we can do it quickly and have it on line by the end of the year. And so, its a great flexibility. So, now, we can move some of our exposure to an RGP, PGP spread, which is much more stable than where olefin prices and propane have been, reduce the ethylene dramatically that we produce which weve never wanted to make. You have to remember, our entire strategy is based on making propylene and specialty propylene derivates. So, it sort of gives us the flexibility to be out of that market. But, its very flexible to switch back. So, we can move back towards ethylene, if the prices get attractive. And as you look at it, when the ethylene export capacity comes on line in 2020, it probably will be attractive again.
Operator: Next question comes from PJ Juvekar from Citi. Please go ahead.
PJ Juvekar: Mark, as ethylene prices fell, youre taking some downtime at the crackers, youre investing in CapEx to change your feedstocks. How does it impact your sale process of the crackers? And have you thought about shutting down the smallest cracker?
Curt Espeland: Ill start with the sale process, PJ, this is Curt. Just a reminder, again, I want to reemphasize what Marks already said. Our crackers are still good, reliable assets that have created that competitive advantage for our high-value propylene derivates by leveraging shale gas. And so, the primary objective of our recent efforts was to monetize our excess ethylene position and then potentially certain ethylene derivates to eliminate their earnings volatility that came from those products. Over the past few years, weve engaged with multiple parties on a variety of options to sell or otherwise monetize this excess ethylene. However, current marketing conditions, combined with the current geopolitical environment on trade have made it very difficult to move forward at this time. Until conditions improve, we have taken these steps then to such that spot ethylene prices will not have a material impact on the earnings the remainder of this year and going into 2019.
Mark Costa: And then, for your question on the crackers, we are shifting the mix hard, we are going to reduce rates on the crackers. And until this investment is in place for next year, because we accumulated so much propylene inventory and have some storage available for ethylene, were able to mitigate the need to buy much additional propylene than normal, which is great, even though were reducing the cracker run rates and avoid selling ethylene in the market at these prices.
PJ Juvekar: Thank you. And just as a follow-up, in Advanced Materials, you had 9% volume growth, but pricing seem to have lagged for last couple of quarters. You talked about price introduction in heads-up display products. Whats going on with pricing in Tritan and Saflex and other products in that segment? Thank you.
Mark Costa: Yes. As I mentioned earlier, were managing a complex mix there, right. So, mix improved dramatically, as it has for years now, improving margins in that segment. We have offset that with about 100 basis points increase in growth investments. So, those sort of net out and prices didnt increase. What I said is, they increased across the polyester spectrum. So, we are increasing prices there and keeping up with raws, no issue there, doing a great job by the commercial teams there. But, we did intentionally reduce prices on the interlayer products. So, that sort of netted out.
Operator: We can now take our next question from Arun Viswanathan from RBC. Please go ahead.
Arun Viswanathan: Just curious on the outlook here, you have a slightly lower tax rate. I guess, thats on our math around $0.03 to $0.05 or so. Youre still guiding to the midpoint of the range. So, I guess, would you characterize potentially some of the swing factors may be for us? I guess, is it mainly FX and then I guess some raw material headwinds or how do you kind of look at that?
Mark Costa: So, just to clarify, youre asking about the outlook for the second half of the year and those factors and how it impacts it?
Arun Viswanathan: Yes. Thank you.
Mark Costa: So, from a second half, your point of view, first of all, it starts with the tough comp. So, last year, we had incredibly strong volume in some areas of the Company. So, the solar fills that we mentioned to you in the higher -- the share gain we got in the last, the second half of last year due to environmental enforcement in AFP. As well as we noted, the customer buying patterns being a bit high in the third quarter last year in tow, which wont repeat this year. And then, of course, were not selling ethylene. We sold a bunch of ethylene last year at some margin and this year were not selling it. So, those all create a tough comp relative to last year. So, thats the largest difference year-over-year. Second is youve got the higher gross spend this year thats been accelerating through the first half of the year and continues into next -- into the second half. And then, you have some margin coming off in adhesives, as weve discussed a few moments ago. So, those all sort of play into why the second half doesnt grow as fast as the first half. And as Curt noted, currency isnt the tailwind. So, theyre all dynamics, they dont give us any concerns. We still feel we are on track to deliver very strong growth this year and well-positioned to grow into next year. You got to remember the operational problems, unplanned and the growth investments are all fixed cost leverage next year as we continue to grow variable margin.
Curt Espeland: And if I could add on top of it. When I think about the second half of the year, Arun, the way I look at that is that some moving parts that Mark described, but generally speaking, our outlook for the second half of the year hasnt changed. And then, on top of that, you have about $0.05 benefit from tax. So, thats how I look at the outlook for the second half of the year.
Mark Costa: Yes. We think well hold on to that benefit on the tax side.
Arun Viswanathan: And then, just wanted to get your thoughts, I guess longer term. Would you consider something potentially more creative on the ethylene side, either an asset swap or something, or would you even consider maybe down the line at some point, looking into constructing a PDH unit?
Mark Costa: Well, if we look at -- the good thing is that I would argue weve come up with a pretty creative option to deal with ethylene right now. And so, that kind of takes care of that ethylene volatility risk, which as a reminder is the primary driver of volatility within the Chemical Intermediates group. So, weve done a pretty creative thing now. That buys us time to see how market conditions improve and see whether the sell option goes back to life or other options maybe available to us. But right now, I think weve been pretty creative in dealing with our excess ethylene issue.
Arun Viswanathan: No. I understand. I just wondered if youd potentially consider constructing a PDH unit. Thanks.
Mark Costa: We are not looking at capital deployment on the Chemical Intermediates side. We always develop [ph] that construction capacity but no Greenfield expansions. Our strategy is growing, investing in specialty businesses. We are delivering tremendous volume and mix improvement across AM and AFP and accelerating growth in Fibers. So, thats where our capital is focused, plus bolt-on M&A, if its not share repurchases.
Operator: We can now take our next question from Bob Koort from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Bob Koort: One of the giant guys over in Germany had some comments today that I thought were kind of interesting. I am curious about the Eastman philosophy. And the question or the comment was basically, there are some specialty markets where if you react too aggressively to raw material inflation, it sort of comprises or could compromise the value-add approach to a product line. And therefore, when the raws go the other way, you start get back some relief. Just curious when you think about your portfolio, how do you differentiate across that portfolio and the ability to get price to recover some of these raw materials?
Mark Costa: So, Bob, its a great question and a really important one when we really get into the nuances of running a great specialty business which I think weve built. You have to be very thoughtful about how you manage prices with your customers because you want to capture the value for the products that you have, you want to treat your customers with respect because they are aware of how raw materials change both up and down. But most importantly, you want to keep them highly engaged to continue to working with you on innovation, right? The vast majority of innovation isnt with new customers, its with existing customers helping bring them additional new products. So, you have to -- in the tires business, the coatings business, the glass business, you got the same set of customers of a very long time. So, that has to be a very collaborative relationship that includes working on innovation. So, yes, you are careful about how you manage price, and you want to provide price stability to them. So, when raws go up, you increase prices but you do it carefully and you dont be abusive about it. And when raws go down, you hold on to some of the value but ultimately you have to share some of it. And if you go back to our transcripts over the last three years, I think Ive been pretty consistent in talking about that and how weve managed it, both in 15 and 16 and how weve managed it over the last couple of years. But, what I would highlight is we have done a great job in managing price relative to raws. Especially in CI and AFP right now, weve done a -- weve been able to keep pace with raws and distribution costs. And I think, I fairly covered the AM discussion on that topic where we are doing great in polyesters and made some intentional choices to improve mix with our customers. So, yes, you got to think about that and be very careful in what you do.
Bob Koort: And then, you acknowledged that there has been some price down on your auto interlayer business. Is that a one-time event, is that something that we should expect to continue and then you offset it as you are saying by seeking out mix benefit? Is this one-time correction, because theyre under a little bit of pressure? Can you give us some help there?
Mark Costa: Sure. So, the nature of that business is, as we shared with you at Innovation Day, the price difference between our premium products and our sort of standard products in that segment are quite different. So, as you gain scale and efficiency in making these premium products, you tend to give back a little bit of price on those premium products as they are buying significantly more volume, and your cost efficiency is also higher from a fixed cost leverage point of view as they grow. So, from a margin point of view, you are not taking much of a hit, but you do have to share some of that -- sort of value created by them, buying a lot more with some price reduction. So, there is always a natural amount of that that occurs, happened last year, happened this year. There will be a little bit of it next year. The tricky part is, if you put these annual contracts in place and if you go back to what we were negotiating in the fall, raws of our -- come in a bit higher than we expected this year. The key drivers of raw material prices for interlayers is international ethylene prices, not local, and acetic acid prices, because were buying them and PVOH. So, you can imagine thats created some pressure relative to where we thought we were last year. That part of the story that its -- the key thing is focus on the 9% volume and mix that is a significant upgrade in margins. And when you back out the gross investments, the margins are great.
Operator: Next question comes from John Roberts from UBS. Please go ahead. 
John Roberts: Thank you. Good morning. In Chemical Intermediates, you noted higher pricing in acetyl derivatives. Celanese has this initiative in their acetyls business to connect producers and customers, which they talk about in network terms like activating nodes. Are you participating in something similar and is that contributing to the higher pricing that youre talking about?
Mark Costa: So, first, acetic acid is not a priority business for us. We have a huge acetyl stream that is focused on producing acid anhydride. Acetic acid is a co-product of our downstream derivative operations that we have to sell to sort of clear the system. So, were not in the global acetyl business like some other people are. Were really in a sort of North American centric acetic acid business where were clearing up the co-product in our operations. So, just entirely different business model relative to what Celanese referred to. The reality is just prices are higher in acetic acid right now due to decent demand growth in that business as well as a number of supplier outages, both here including us for a while and BP and people in China. So, thats really driven the improvement in acetyl pricing for us versus the very different business model that Celanese has here, because our acidic anhydride isnt about selling it, right, its about converting it, all the specialties downstream and we sell whats left over. So, its just entirely different business model.
John Roberts: And then, secondly, do you need to make bolt-on acquisition at some point in specialty ag chemicals? Today, you highlighted the growth stimulation, growth regulation products; earlier you highlighted the animal nutrition additives you have. But, it doesnt seem like you have critical mass and its much smaller than many of the other Eastman businesses?
Mark Costa: Yes. Its a great business, and it was under invested in, especially in the animal nutrition side. So, weve been able to add a lot or organic capability and commercially taking it from a European to more of a global business and accelerating product development by combining our technology people with theirs. So, we feel good about what were getting done in organic. Youre right. Were not a big player in that space. This is an area where wed be open to sort of bolt-on M&A. But were very-disciplined. So, well have to see if there is M&A out there in the marketplace here and other places that were looking that meet our financial criteria, not just our strategic one. And we continue to look for those opportunities, but were going to be careful we dont overpay.
Operator: Next question comes from Jim Sheehan from SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Jim Sheehan: Good morning. Can you talk about the tone of business so far in third quarter? Are there any changes, positive or negative?
Mark Costa: Business is continuing as expected. So, demand -- primary demand is -- in the marketplace continues to be solid around the world. Obviously, things like tax reform and less regulation here, recovering Europe helps. Tax -- concerns around trade are creating some caution, but overall thats good. Most importantly, were focused on creating our own growth and have demonstrated our ability to grow sort of two to three times the underlying industrial production rates. And so, we feel great about how we are continuing to create our own growth and drive growth and how that continues into 2019. Thats been the center of our strategy. I think, our growth model is alive and well and demonstrating value every day.
Jim Sheehan: And can you talk about the BP distribution agreement that was announced? What was the strategic rationale for that and how do you expect it to impact your business?
Mark Costa: As I mentioned, acetic acid is not a on-purpose business, its a co-product, and we already relationship with BP at our Texas City site, and were able to find way to work with them to sort represent and sell our non-specialty acetic acid in a more efficient manner, it gives us some earnings upside relative to what we could do with our position in the market. So, it just made sense.
Operator: Next question comes from Lawrence Alexander from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Lawrence Alexander: Good morning. Two questions. One, can you quantify the spread between price in raws, excluding Chemical Intermediates or in aggregate? And secondly, do you see any signs of an inventory overhang in either crop chemicals or automotive and I guess on automotive particularly in Europe, but I guess any perspective on those two markets? 
Mark Costa: Ill answer your second question first and then ask for clarification on the first. So, on your second question, Lawrence, we dont see any inventory overhang in the marketplace that we are aware of. I am not sure I understood your first question. Could you repeat it?
Lawrence Alexander: I might have missed it earlier. Did you -- have quantified the spread between your realized pricing in your raw material cost inflation in Q2?
Mark Costa: No, we dont provide that kind of detail. What I can tell you is AFP and CI theyve done a great job of managing price relative to raws and distribution costs. In fact, their margins per KG are up a little bit. To remind you, as Curt noted, when raw materials go up and you hold your spreads constant, your margin percentage goes down because just of the math. But, were doing a great job in those two areas. And as -- and I think we have fairly discussed the AM topic and how were managing the total margin there. So, overall, I feel like were in better shape than we ever have been on how were managing price relative to raws.
Operator: Next question comes from Kevin McCarthy from Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes. Good morning. So, Mark, youve got a lot going on at Longview. You mentioned throttling back on the cracker, operating rates changing the feedstock mix to be increasingly geared to propane feed, and then the RGP investment. If we were to boil all that down, what is the net impact on your net short position in propylene going forward?
Mark Costa: So, for this year, it has no impact. We have to incrementally increase our propylene purchases relative to last year with all the actions that we are taking. So, even though were obviously reducing our cracker run rate to some degree and not selling ethylene through the combination actions weve taken, were not incurring a material increase in purchase propylene costs, which is great. And second, with the RGP investment next year, we would buy less propylene than this year because of leveraging the RGP to make propylene. So, it mitigates some of that exposure for us, improves our spread exposure by getting into the RGP, PGP game versus propane to propylene and reduces ethylene production. So, its a win on all fronts.
Curt Espeland: And Kevin, if I could add, just, as you think about that change of mix, most of the benefit of that change is going to felt in Chemical Intermediates. There will be a little hurt moving to AFP as we see some of the additional costs from the crackers running at reduced rates. But generally good, positive, mostly in CI, a little hurt in AFP going forward.
Kevin McCarthy: Thats helpful. And then, as a follow-up, I think, you mentioned that you anticipate operating earnings in CI in the second half to be roughly equal to the first half. Can you help us out a little bit with the expected quarterly cadence? For example, was there any spillover in July from the various supplier disruptions that you indicated and the actions you are taking in Longview? How should we think about kind of 3Q versus 4Q there?
Mark Costa: Yes. I think, if you look at the seasonal trend, Kevin, yes, there is some spillover, but we are expecting some of that to moderate. And you will see most of that seasonal impact in the fourth quarter.
Greg Riddle: I think the last question or the next question -- excuse me, the last one, please?
Operator: Last question from Matthew Blair from Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Please go ahead.
Matthew Blair: I am not sure if I heard this correctly. But, was there a comment that you are looking to accelerate share repurchases in 2018? And if so, could you share your target here? I know, you have the $2 billion share repurchase target for 2018 through 2020. And then, may be related to that. In our slides, you mentioned a $300 million debt reduction target for this year. I want to say that that used to be more like $350 million. So, is this just a case of a little bit less debt reduction this year, a little bit more repurchases?
Curt Espeland: Yes, Matt. So, first of all, it starts with $1.1 billion of free cash flow. But, what Mark was talking about acceleration was were doing more share repurchases in 2018 than we did in 2017. Part of that is less de-leveraging. So, we are targeting $300 million this year versus we did $350 million last year. So, youve got the combination of growth in free cash flow, little less de-leveraging, and attractive dividends, that leaves a lot of free cash flow available to do share repurchases in absence of a bolt-on acquisition.
Mark Costa: I would just emphasize the $1.1 billion of free cash flow, as we wrap things up. But, no, we feel great about strategy, we feel great about the progress were making on the volume and mix improvement driving earnings growth this year and positioning us really well for growth next year, and obviously cash has been great and we will continue on the track that we committed to at the beginning of the year.
Greg Riddle: Okay. Thank you. And thanks everyone for joining us this morning. There will be a replay online this afternoon. Thanks again.
Operator: That concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-27 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Riddle - Investor Relations Mark Costa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Curt Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Louis Reavis - Manager, Investor Relations
Analysts: David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Duffy Fisher - Barclays John Campbell - Goldman Sachs P. J. Juvekar - Citi Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Instinet Kevin McCarthy - Vertical Research Partners Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Michael Sison - KeyBanc Frank Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities John Roberts - UBS Dan Rizzo - Jefferies Matthew Blair - Tudor Pickering & Holt Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company First Quarter 2018 Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman's website, www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Greg Riddle: Thank you, Lauren, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Curt Espeland, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Louis Reavis, Manager, Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's fourth quarter and full year 2017 financial results News Release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for the third quarter 2017 and the Form 10-K to be filed for 2017. Second, earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain non-core and unusual items and has been adjusted for the forecasted tax rate as of the end of the interim periods. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including the description of the excluded and adjusted items are available in the first quarter 2018 financial results news release, which can be found on our website at www.eastman.com in the Investors section. Projections of future earnings exclude any non-core or unusual items and assume that the adjusted tax rate for first quarter 2018 will be the actual tax rate for the projected periods. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Costa: Good morning, everyone. I'll start begin on Page 3. We're off to compelling start to the year with strong first quarter results, which include revenue up over 13% and adjusted EPS up 22% year-over-year. Our results demonstrate the strength of our specialty portfolio as we delivered over 15% revenue growth combined in our two specialty segments, Advanced Materials and Additives and Functional Products. We continue to deliver strong volume growth of high margin specialty product lines through execution of our innovation-driven growth model, particularly in AM and AFP. During the quarter AM and AFP delivered greater than 7% volume growth combined year-over-year, with earnings growth of more than 15%. Through innovation, leadership and specialty markets, we continue to create our own growth. In a moment I'll share two examples of what's fueling our progress and driving a significant increase in new business closes. I'm particularly proud of the quality of this corporate earnings growth coming primarily from our specialty businesses, which is sustainable overtime. Moving next to the cost management front, we remain well on track with our corporate cost reduction efforts without sacrificing our long-term growth initiatives. Our cash from the quarter was consistent with our expectations and we remain on track to deliver over $1.1billion of free cash flow in 2018, enabling an increasing dividend, deleveraging an increasing rate of share repurchases. Beyond these great results, we've also been the recipient of numerous awards over the past several months, which highlight many of the qualities our stakeholders have come to expect from Eastman. We were named one of the World's Most Ethical Company for the fifth consecutive year by Ethisphere for outstanding corporate ethics and corporate responsibility characteristics highly valued by our employees, shareholders, communities and customers. We also earned the Military Friendly Employer designation by Victory Media for the second straight year, which recognizes exceptional hiring programs toward transitioning service members, veterans and spouses. Finally, we were recognized by the EPA as ENERGY STAR Partner of the year, becoming the only chemical company to have achieved this recognition consecutively for seven years, a win both for the environment and our cost structure. Our first quarter results and the continued recognition we're receiving are direct result of the great work being done by Eastman employees around the world and I want to thank them for their outstanding contributions. These results also demonstrate that we can execute on the things we can control from cost reductions to returning cash to stockholders to innovating throughout our enterprise. On Slide 4, we continue to upgrade the quality of our product mix by increasing revenue of high margin specialty products through execution of our innovation driven growth model. Our top innovation programs in AM and AFP are accelerating as more customers validate our innovative differentiated products, which is driving growth today and into the future. I'm pleased to report that we're on track to deliver more than $350 million in new business closes this year, which will be a record for the company and is more than 15% over the last year's rate. Here are two of the many ways we're creating our own growth and winning with customers and we're also expanding beyond AM and AFP to include fibers in how we drive innovation throughout the enterprise. So our first example is about Naia cellulosic yarn program. As we discussed in innovation day, we're purposing our total assets into a growth market as a top priority for us. Through the first quarter we've seen great progress from wins with the leader in the fast fashion industry in Asia to several high-end luxury brands. The sustainability driving the fashion industry is strong and designers want a product that has a better environmental footprint and better performance. Naia delivers on this mandate on both fronts. As a biopolymer made from pulp from sustainable forests and manufactured in a responsible manner, we can make a significant improvement relative viscose, which is unmatched by other products and the softness what they call hand of the product is outstanding relative to anything else on the market. As a result we were recently recognized as one of the Top 10 Textile Innovations by FabricLink and our business gross revenue here is accelerating through the first quarter and looks great going forward through the rest of this year. It's incredible to see our textile team leverage our new application development capability to relentlessly engage the market. The team is doing an outstanding job demonstrating our value proposition to the brands, enabling the mills to convert to our product. Another great example where we leverage a world class technology platform through application development is our Aerafin and Amorphous polyolefins. The hygienic packing [ph] markets are demanding lower odor adhesives due to consumer health sensitivity and are in desperate need of productivity in their competitive markets. Our Aerafin product is delivering on both fronts and we've realized several wins across the globe. We have leveraged our application development capability we built for tackifying resins to design a suite of differentiated Aerafin polyolefins. They deliver superior performance in odor and enable broader operation window for the OEMs in applying their thesis in their product relative to the current metallocene polymers. Growth across this Amorphous polyolefin business has exceeded our expectations as we expect to double our Aerafin volume in 2018 relative to 2017. And as a result our expanding - we are expanding our capacity in Longview, Texas. These two successes among many are testament to our ability to leverage our innovation driven growth model. A world-class technology platform provide the foundation for competitive advantage and sustainable growth. We are relentlessly engaging the market to create a real growth. Then we bring both elements together with our differentiated application development which turns market complexity into sustainable value. Overall I'm incredibly excited and proud. Our teams are driving innovation winning with our customers. With that, I'll turn it over to Curt.
Curt Espeland: Thanks, Mark and good morning everyone. I'll start with our corporate results on Slide 5. Sales revenue grew to increases in all four business segments. We continue to do a nice job of driving growth in our more specialty businesses which accounted for more than 70% of our top line growth in the quarter. And we executed well on the pricing front as we've realized further positive pricing momentum in the quarter to offset the impact of higher raw material costs. Adjusted EBIT grew due to increases in all four business segments with our specialty businesses accounting for more than 70% of our earnings growth in the quarter. And we are growing earnings while we are continuing to invest in growth for both the near-term and long-term. EBIT margins improved 20 basis points as we improved the quality of earnings through mix improvement with our double-digit growth in many of our innovative specialty products. Overall earnings per share increased year-over-year by 22% with EBIT contributing about 17% of the growth. Moving next to the segment results and starting with advance materials on Slide 6 which delivered another impressive quarter driven by our innovation initiatives. Sales increased due to improved product mix resulting from double-digit growth of high margin innovative products and a favorable shift in foreign currency exchange rates. In particular, we saw an acceleration in volume growth towards the end of the quarter. EBIT increased due to higher sales volume, improved product mix, and a favorable shift in exchange rates partially offset by higher costs associated with growth initiatives. Year-over-year we expanded our EBIT margin 80 basis points to 20%. Looking at the full year, we expect to drive revenue growth from volume and mix in the mid-single digits and continue to get a further lift from price and currency. This robust revenue growth will enable us to deliver earnings growth near the upper hand of our range of 7% to 10% provided at our recent Innovation Day. Overall these results continue advance materials track record of delivering strong performance by executing strategy of volume growth, mix of improvement, and fixed cost leverage. Now to additives and function of products on Slide 7 which had another outstanding quarter. Sales revenue increased 21% primarily due to higher sales volume throughout the segment. This impressive growth came from multiple sources. For example, improved market conditions and enhanced commercial execution in animal nutrition and care chemical products was driving growth above market growth rates and the strong growth in tire additives due to innovation in our tire resins and superior operational reliability. We also made great progress in improving our pricing on the strengths of our value proposition to our customers and a favorable shift in foreign currency exchange rates were also a benefit for the quarter. As mentioned in our press release, certain products previously reported in the chemical intermediate segment are now reported in additives and functional products due to alignment of production and growth strategies. For the first quarter of 2018, these product lines generated approximately $18 million in revenue with EBIT margin slightly above the segment average. And we'll have similar impact expected with the remaining quarters of 2018. EBIT in the quarter increased due to higher sales volume and higher selling prices partially offset by higher costs associated with growth initiatives. Looking at full year 2018 consistent with our guidance for additives and functional products at Innovation Day, we continue to expect mid-single digit volume growth to translate earnings growth in the 5% to 7% range with earnings likely toward the upper hand of this range this year. I would remind you that second half will have a more challenging comp due to the various strong solar fill volume in the back half of last year and some expected competitive pressure in adhesives. All in, additives and functional products is well positioned to deliver strong earnings growth for the year. Now to chemical intermediates on Slide 8, sales revenue increased due to higher selling prices attributed to higher raw material costs and continued improvement in market conditions. One example is functional means where sales volume increased due to a recovery in the energy and agricultural markets and they also benefit from higher methanol prices. Overall higher segment sales revenue was partially offset by lower volume and lower merchant ethylene selling prices. Earnings increased primarily due to higher selling prices more than offsetting higher raw material and energy costs. Looking at full year 2018, we are off to a good start with strong results in the first quarter. The chemical intermediates team continues to do an impressive job offsetting higher raw material and energy costs with higher selling prices. These actions will help to mitigate anticipated headwind from continued weakness in ethylene margins and higher scheduled maintenance costs during the year particularly in the second quarter. Overall chemical intermediates is set up for 2018 earnings to be somewhat below 2017 which would be a good result given various moving parts. I'll finish up the segment review with fibers on Slide 9. In our news release tables, you see that revenue increased by 15% year-over-year which is really due to two factors. First is the different seasonal trends we expect in this business in 2018 under the new revenue recognition standard. Similar to the overall company, the change is not expected to materially impact full year 2018 versus 2017, but will impact quarterly trends. And second we are very encouraged by the acceleration we saw in the textiles through the quarter setting this product up for a nice strong double-digit growth this year. As a result, we moved the textiles and nonwovens innovation platform from other to the fiber segment. In first quarter 2018 this program had revenue of approximately $13 million and the EBIT is about $1 million which includes a substantial increase in growth resources to drive commercialization of this platform. Looking at the full year consistent with Innovation Day guidance, we expect earnings in this segment will be up between 1% and 3% beyond the impact of this product moves. And we expect solid earnings growth in the second quarter versus the first for fibers. We remain on track to stabilize this business. We expect our total volume for the year to be about flat compared with last year. We are making continued progress on productivity including raw material costs and the impact of these initiatives will start to flow through in the second quarter. And as mentioned, we expect the progress we are making on innovation initiatives in the segment to contribute to earnings growth. On Slide 10, I'll transition to an overview of our cash flow and other financial highlights. We used $35 million in cash for operating activities during the first quarter of 2018 in line with our normal seasonality of cash flow generation. Operating cash reflects our normal beginning of the year working capital build in addition to an increase in credit receivables attributed to higher sales revenue and the timing of the collections. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $128 million. We continue to expect our full year capital expenditures will be approximately $550 million. We remain very confident in our ability to generate over $1.1 billion of free cash flow for the year. Looking at the balance sheet, we continue to expect to use greater than $300 million of free cash flow to reduce debt this year. Additionally we remain committed to returning cash to our stockholders. In the first quarter we returned a $180 million through our first quarter dividend of $80 million and $100 million in share repurchases. For full year we continue to expect to increase share repurchases compared to 2017 in the absence of bolt-on acquisitions. We continue to expect our full year tax rate to be between 18% or 20% reflecting the continued benefits of our improved business operations and resulting the impact of recent tax events. Sitting here today it feels like 19% would be - which would be a modest improvement compared to last year and is reflected in our results for the first quarter, a strong start to the year for our earnings and cash flow performance. And with that, I'll turn it back to Mark.
Mark Costa: Thanks, Curt. On Slide 11 I will discuss our 2018 outlook. We continue to benefit from the strong growth of high value innovative products with leading positions in attractive niche markets. We are also delivering revenue synergies through launching new products and improvements in commercial execution capabilities of our acquired businesses. We are seeing the benefits of scaling integration translating this attractive growth in the earnings. And our continued aggressive productivity is expected to offset inflation and some of our growth investments. In addition, a modest improvement in our tax rate is expected to contribute to growth. Finally, discipline allocation of our strong free cash flow continued to contribute to our growth, including planned increases in our share repurchases in '18 compared to '17. To accelerate our momentum in the coming years, we are also continuing to invest in innovation and product development and capacity expansions to support our growth programs. We expect higher scheduled maintenance costs in the year as we have a significant turnaround here in the second quarter for one of our crackers in Longview, Texas. And lastly we expect pressure in the ethylene spreads impact earnings especially in the second half. Putting this altogether our expectations for 2018 EPS growth have improved to be 10% to 14% compared to 2017. When it comes to the tailwinds and headwinds at this time, I would expect to be in the middle of this range. And when you think about the shape of the year, you should expect first half EPS to be modestly higher than the second half due to our new revenue recognition method, ethylene, and a tough 2018 comp in AFP. And on free cash flow we continue to expect at least a 10% increase which is one of the most compelling in the industry, especially when you consider we are investing in long term growth at the same time. On Slide 12 I will summarize where we are. As you think about our portfolio, we continue to march down the path to make two specialty businesses a much bigger percentage of the total with our goal of driving from 70% to 80%. This all comes together for a terrific bottom line. We can grow faster than the underlying market. We can sustain and improve our margins through mix upgrade. We do this for a unique innovation driven growth model which is the heart of how we win. We also do scaling integration and investing in the unique capabilities we have in place to drive it and finally through disciplined portfolio management. That leads you to one of the strongest free cash flows in the industry, strong return on invested capital that is growing, and a compelling compounded EPS for 2020 and beyond. When you put this altogether, we are well positioned for long-term attractive earnings growth, a sustainable value creation for others.
Greg Riddle: Thanks, Mark. We've got a lot of people on the line this morning and like to get to as many questions as possible. So please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. With that, Lauren, we are ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning.
Mark Costa: Good morning.
David Begleiter: Mark, in AFP you got 6% pricing in the quarter. What do you say on a segment in recapturing offsetting raw material costs?
Mark Costa: Good morning, David. We are proud of our discipline in driving price improvements throughout last year and into the first quarter which we are seeing as the accumulation of that action over that period of time. And at this stage our prices have caught up to raw materials. In fact our spreads are a little bit better in the first quarter.
David Begleiter: Very good. And also you mentioned enhanced commercial execution in AFP in Q1. Could you give us some concrete examples of that execution?
Mark Costa: Sure. It's a great story of creating value through synergies in the acquisitions. We have been building, as we have talked to you about on the Innovation Day, a very powerful growth model that combines how we engage the market, how we leverage our technology and bring it together the application development capability. And you are seeing that right now. One of the strongest drivers of growth that we had in AFP with our animal nutrition and care chemical business and there is a place where we've combined the products of Eastman and Taminco where we have a broader portfolio of organic acids making us much more relevant to the market. Taminco team was somewhat geographically limited in their commercial execution capabilities. So we've now built the broader global capability. We've added application development capability of that, so we can be much more of a formulation expert and enhance what we are offering to the marketplace. And that's all combined to drive significant growth, incredible growth in fact for that combined sort of portfolio to the marketplace. So it's a great example. Same thing is true in tires. We've built integrated capability now where we started with what Solutia had which was somewhat limited in what they had to offer to the market, expanded it with our resin portfolios and other products that we are developing for the innovation side. So now we are not just Crystex and PPDs, but have innovative resins that can improve the performance of tires, built strong application development capability where we are insightful and now we design those products and it can be a true advising consultant in formulating the tire and we've gone for debating the price of Crystex in 2012 to being an innovation partner with all the top MNCs in this space as well as some of the key leading agent players. So these examples of the growth model bringing capability together is driving double-digit growth in tires across that portfolio, strong double-digit growth in animal nutrition and we are doing this in a bunch of other places.
David Begleiter: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Duffy Fisher with Barclays.
Duffy Fisher: Yes, good morning guys.
Mark Costa: Hey, Duffy.
Duffy Fisher: A question around the contract with enterprise and PDH, is there ramping? Was that material in the first quarter? And then going forward, now that you have both that contract and your own crackers, kind of what your balance on propylene and where are we trying to get to over the next year or two with that?
Mark Costa: So first on the question on the enterprise contract, that has not had a material impact on our first quarter input costs or performance. On the balance of propylene remember and consumer propylene we produce - I think we are pretty balanced on what we produce now, what we need for derivatives, including that enterprise contract.
Duffy Fisher: And then could you quantify the accounting change? You said it won't impact the year. But when we think through quarter-to-quarter, kind of how big of a number are we talking about between quarters and can you help size that throughout the year?
Mark Costa: Sure. So let me just recap the change in revenue recognition hopefully just this one time. In 2007 let me remind you revenue was recorded based on confirmed delivery dates. In 2018 revenue we recorded based on goods shipped which will accelerate when revenue is recognized compared to previous years. So we believe this method is more consistent with industry practice. To transition to this new method, let me also remind you we've recorded an increase to return earnings for $53 million, what this really relates to is the net earnings of approximately $200 million of revenue for product that had shipped and now you delivered at the end of 2017. So this transitional revenue will be recognized in revenue or EBIT in 2018. There is a new method. So this ensures both 2017 and 2018 only have 52 weeks of revenue in each period. So, as such again as you mentioned this change is not expected to have a material impact on revenue or EBIT for 2018 taken as a whole when compared to previous years. However, as you have seen in the first quarter, this impacts seasonal trends of revenue and EBIT within the year. So looking specifically at first quarter, the first quarter revenue impact under the new standard in 2018 was driven mostly by fibers as mentioned in my prepared comments. We had a similar but smaller revenue impact on advance materials offset by similar change in chemical intermediates. So when you put it altogether, the company probably accelerated $30 million of revenue and roughly $18 million of EBIT or $0.10 a share in the first quarter of '18 that would otherwise be recognized later in 2018 if we are under the old method. So again this change has not impacted our expectation of strong revenue and EBIT growth for the company or any segments when comparing 2008 versus 2007 full year.
Duffy Fisher: Great, thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
John Campbell: Hi, good morning. This is John Campbell on for Bob. For advanced materials you just caught out a stronger sales mix for the premium products, can you provide an update on the percent of the current mix that comes from these premium products?
Mark Costa: So we don't provide specific breakup. What I can tell you and we said in the past is Tritan as an example is around $300 million double-digit growth, very powerful story there where we continued to be the most unique offering of clarity chemical resistance and toughness in that marketplace and extending into a lot of new applications and that's just one third if you will of the premium products, so the heads of display [indiscernible] is of similar size, also growing double digits and very attractive margins to the segment and the company and performance films also similar size to Tritan growing at double digits with very attractive margin. So it's a pretty big percentage of the overall total, but it's still got a ton of room to grow double digits for quite some time because these markets are quite a bit bigger than where we are today.
John Campbell: Got it, thank you. And with the increased EPS growth expectations in 2018, do you see a risk to the upside for your longer term 8% to 12% growth or does this kind of create a higher bar to cost for 2018 and 2020?
Mark Costa: So first of all we're incredibly excited about 10% to 14% range this year and love to see it being driven by the specialties and stability with some earnings growth in fibers which is a very nice change in stability in CI, so I think its powerful story. As you think about the long term, we still view the long term in the 8% to 12% range, there are some unique advantages we have this year in currency for example that you don't plan on repeating in the future years, but we think that's a very compelling range for us to grow sustainably and consistently every year as we go forward and with an increasing free cash flow to go with it, I think it's a very powerful story for the market.
John Campbell: Got it, thank you. Operator We'll go next to Jim Sheen [ph] with SunTrust.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. Could you update us on your plans to - on your strategic options for the long view ethylene excess capacity?
Curt Espeland: Sure, we remain committed to address our excess ethylene position as we've mentioned in the past. We remain engaged with multiple parties with a long term view who are interested in leveraging our integrated ethylene position in the United States as well as there's parties interested in our land utilities and other infrastructure to build a derivative project at the Longview site. So we're working diligently to see what we can get done within these current market dynamics and will update you as we make any progress on.
Unidentified Analyst: And on adhesive resins, could you give us more color on the competitive pressure you're seeing there, is it all hydrogenated or non-hydrogenated type of resins?
Curt Espeland: So the specific change in the marketplace is Exxon's bringing on some capacity in Asia this year and we expect that to have some impact on margins. It has not yet had an impact on margins, they're still in the process of starting up and qualifying that product to the marketplace, so it's really more of a back half of your risk at this point. To keep in mind of the amount of capacity outings is around 90,000 tons, the market's growing around 25,000 to 30,000 tons a year because it has this incredible underlying market growth of 5% to 7% hygiene. Also the markets are incredibly tight right now, so there's a lot of pent up demand for hydrogenated resins that we expect to help fill out that asset and accelerate fill out rate. And another thing to keep in mind is their market trend's now driving rosins to be converted to resins, rosins is about the same size as the resin market - overall resin market. And there's a lot of pressure on that there's a very strong order to raw [ph] and not great color and so the market has become very sensitive to order in adhesives especially in Asia, so a lot of people are looking to sort of convert from one to the other, so that's another way of demand sort of filling up this asset. Overall, we feel comfortable that this is a great attractive business long term. Obviously we'll see some short term pressure here as that capacity comes to the marketplace, but there's such strong demand potential we see the long term margins being quite attractive.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to P. J. Juvekar with Citi.
P. J. Juvekar: Yes, hi good morning.
Curt Espeland: Good morning P.J.
P. J. Juvekar: Mark you shifted some products from intermediates AFP, I think that's small about $18 million, but that's about 2% growth in AFP, so what are these products in our big two specialty in terms of margins?
Mark Costa: Yeah, it's a great question and it goes back to something I talked about in the first question. As we have built this growth model and seeing the power of how application development connects sort of markets and technology together, we launched a program last year not just to build this capability but to reexamine how our business teams are structured and making sure that we have the right products aligned to take advantage of that capability. And we realize that there are some products that were still being sold in CI that would be much more effectively sold in AFP by bringing our better market connect and our application development capability to bear in these products we could accelerated growth sustain those margins. And these products are actually pretty attractive margins to start off with and some of them are already being sold partially by AFP and we're just consolidating all the product into one place to be more efficient in how we manage the assets. So it just made sense, so animal nutrition was one of those places where we saw that opportunity, with the success we're now seeing in that marketplace and we're cleaning that up and there are also some products in coatings that made sense to sort of have all sold in one place with that greater commercial and technical capability. So the natural thing you do is you're still revolving your strategy and see what you can do and want to maximize your growth.
P. J. Juvekar: Okay, thank you and then you got strong double digit volume growth in tow after several years of declines, do you believe that we've ended destocking cycle or was there any other factors like your repositioning into textiles that caused the volume growth?
Mark Costa: So as Curt mentioned around revenue recognition, the principal driver of the revenue looking higher on a year-over-year basis in the first quarter was actually revenue recognition method being different this year versus last year, it's a very long supply chain for a lot of that tow to go from Kingsport, Tennessee to markets around the world. And as a result of the coal gas incident we weren't shipping as much in the beginning of the quarter as we normally do as we were bringing out asset back up and then ramping up the production of the downstream tow product. So a lot of that product shipped in March that would have shipped earlier and so we have these two different methods it just gets caught up as recognized revenue this year, but would've not shown up in the same way last year, so that's part of it P.J. The other part was obviously some of the revenue being transferred, the 30 million revenue from other two - the fiber segment, so we actually sort of put it on an apples to apples basis from a revenue recognition basis. The two volumes within this story are about flat year-over-year, so it isn't a story of growth or decline in tow. It's stable as we said last year, we expected to volume to be stable this year to last year and that's what we expect and you'll see on a full year basis that will be stable.
P. J. Juvekar: That's helpful, thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. Can you remind us how much of the chemical intermediates volume, as a percentage goes for internal purposes versus external purposes?
Greg Riddle: It's about a fifty-fifty split Jeff.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay, so if it turns out that your operating income in chemical intermediates was up about 7 million, is it fair to say that there's a 7 million benefit that filters through your other segments as they capture the same margin differential and since for the year you guys think that you'll be down a little bit does that mean that the overall margin benefits the other segments will also be down a little bit?
Curt Espeland: Jeff, you can't translate that in that direct way. You've got different set of products you're selling in specialties with different supply demand dynamics and selling on values, the price of those olefin derivatives are going to be determined by those market conditions and even within CI, in the market prices and the value captured isn't directly correlated to ethylene and propylene. I know that everyone sort of tends to make that simplistic assumption that there's all going up and down with propylene and ethylene prices, but it doesn't work that way. We don't sell propylene at all, right. We sell derivatives and specialties and chemical intermediates and the value in the pricing of that's actually holding up quite well through the first quarter as well as into the second including ethylene. Of course some of that is being offset by the bulk ethylene that we're selling into the marketplace at much lower prices, so you can't sort of do that translation one for one like that.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much
Operator: We'll go next to Aleksey Yefremov with Nomura Instinet.
Aleksey Yefremov: Good morning everyone, thank you. With regards to Aerafin capacity expansion are you currently sold out in these types of adhesives and what percent of your capacity does this represent in terms of percent or killer times and when will this project be finished.
Mark Costa: So Aerafin has been a product we've had in the marketplace for over a year and the growth rate in interest of it has been quite strong fifty some a component over all of overall more polyolefin program which in total is showing very strong double digit growth but in this particular area we're seeing a strong uptake and we had some capacity limits or expect to I should say as we go into this year. And we're right and expand capacity going seeing any risk of missing orders but we're rushing to get this capacity online to continue supporting the strong interest but we're not going to provide the detail breakout on a quantitative basis.
Aleksey Yefremov: Okay, thank you. But you also mentioned animal nutrition and care chemicals as the source of offset in the first quarter was it pricing or volume of both and is there something that's sustainable going forward?
Mark Costa: So animal nutrition has been tremendous volume growth as well as improvement in pricing as a markets become tighter for two factors. The first would be the answer to David's question around how we build a better commercial technical capability the second factor driving it is China environmental enforcement has shut down some of our competitors in this space as well as competitors in the tire space and some of the coatings sourcing benefits across the segment AFP as well as CI. And that's helped on the pricing front as well as the volume growth from a sustainability point of view the innovation the commercial executions all very much sustainable it's just growing in the marketplace in China environmental force and part of that question I think is we'll have to see oil plays out. I mean these are players that have been shut down for environmental violations they have to either rebuild in a chemical park and operate a higher cost structure under better environmental standard if they can get the financing or they will come back. And so in a few places you can see people trying to build and that and they will come back bench a little higher cost structure and in some places we don't expect that they will so that we'll have to just see how it plays out over time but for this year we expected to be to be very attractive. Both pricing and volume growth I would emphasize that there's a sustainable advantage that we get out of all this and that many of our customers both the big MNC around the world as well as many of our Chinese customers have learned a painful lesson about how much they want to depend on a small private single plant in China supplying their needs on critical products so pretty much apartments are having to revaluate how much of that risk they want to take going forward. And I think it really emphasizes the value that we provide as assists and sustainable supplier on a global basis.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin McCarthy: Good morning Mark back at the Investor Day and I think on various earnings calls you've alluded to the concept of upgrading your mix across a variety of specialty products is there a way to quantify the benefit from that either or either retrospectively or prospected Lee in terms of margin uplift you've got a lot going on across a lot of different products just wondering if you have in your mind any sort of path or rule to help us understand better the benefits associated with those efforts on the margin line.
Mark Costa: Yes So one this is the heart of our story and our strategy it's a great question we've got double digit growth in a wide range of products across AM and AFP from Triton to heads up display could secure layers, to performance films to some display products that the resins in tires touch or shield and they in AFP, the list goes on. So all these are above segment average margins as well as above company average margins and so as they grow the weighted average mix on the variable margin of the corporate line is going up so it's attractive from a specific point of view we actually provided several slides that innovation day that actually give you sort quantitative look about how we've dramatically improve the margins from 2010 to '17 and our outlook for how those margins will continue to improve at the corporate level and as well as an example in that in advance materials from 2018 to '20, so I think those slides will be helpful for you.
Kevin McCarthy: All right and then second, how would you describe your strategic playbook in the event that China proceeds with tariffs on cellulose acetate flake?
Mark Costa: Yeah, so the tariff question is a good one on that acetate flake side. It's unclear - first of all it's unclear what projects will finally be implemented versus what's on a preliminary list, they often change. Second, it's unclear when they might implement this if ever and in this case it's unclear how the tariff would be applied seen to she's a government entity so you're sort of just moving tax revenue from one pocket to another pocket, so we'll just have to see how that all plays out.
Kevin McCarthy: Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll go next to Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you just a question on the tow volume. Mark, you referenced a very long supply chain and I've noticed that two of the larger tobacco companies reported already and they've got volume down about 6%, 7%. So I'm just wondering you're expecting to be flat for the year and cigarette volumes move around all the time, so I don't read too much into to one quarter of their results, but when would we expect to see that type of a down quarter flow through your tow volume?
Mark Costa: Good question, Vincent and you said the key thing in the beginning or at the end or your comments, which is one quarter is not something we're active by a couple of companies, I think we need to see how they all report, you share ships around a lot between these guys on a quarter-to-quarter basis and what the overall market trends are. We're not seeing anything that says that there's certainly been an acceleration or the downturn of cigarette demand from what our customers are telling us. So at this stage we're not expecting a change in tow demand in a material way. I think we're just have to see how this plays out. There's been a lot of very consistent steady sort of 2% or 3% decline in this business for a very long time and I think we need to give it a little more time before we start to sort of reacting to sort of that one quarter benefit.
Vincent Andrews: Okay and just is there sort of a wisdom on sort of how long supply chain or so?
Mark Costa: On the supply chain side, in this case, it's probably six months.
Vincent Andrews: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Sison with KeyBanc.
Michael Sison: Hey guys, nice start to the year. In terms of - you talked about $350 million of new business in 2018 and if I combine AFP and AM together, it's about 6% growth, and you got pricing as a tailwind, so I'm just curious in terms of your outlook for revenue for AM and AFP, it seems a little bit conservative. Can you maybe walk us through any negatives that were missing?
Curt Espeland: No, negatives in AM, I think we're just going to see a strong high single digit revenue growth for the year driven by the things you just mentioned, volume, significant mix of grades that we've consistently done for several years now, some pricing improvement, FX tailwind all sort of come together to sort of deliver that. On the AFP side, it's obviously been incredibly strong in the first quarter, we expect to continue the strength in the second quarter and by the way AM and AFP we do expect seasonal improvement in revenue and earnings from first and second quarter. But there is a tougher comp in the back half of the year AFP. You have to remember last year we had very high solar fill volume for a couple of huge projects come in, in the third and the fourth quarter. That won't repeat this year, we do see fills coming in '19 and '20, so it's just sort of chunkiness issue in this year versus last year and the future. There's also the other dynamic. This environmental China enforcement drove constant and meaningful share improvement for us through last year, so you saw the benefit of that really in the third and fourth quarter. There is an additional environmental enforcement on top of what we benefited from, so we're holding our share this year but obviously that's a tougher comp to last year in the back half. And then the third thing is some price pressure in adhesives as I already mentioned. All those sort of make the comp tougher. We do expect earnings growth year-over-year in the back half of the year and just to be clear and we actually expect margins to sequentially improve from first quarter to second and third as the mix continues to improve the specialty innovation products, but will just be a tougher comp to '17.
Michael Sison: Okay, great and a quick follow up in terms of tire business continues to see good momentum, a lot of tire companies look sluggish this quarter, any thoughts there in terms of underlying demand and is it really just your new products that are driving the growth.
Curt Espeland: It is not a primary demand story, we go to extensive effort in our market segmentation and targeting where we have the best value proposition and aligning ourselves with the customers who we believe are going to have the highest growth, so we have really seen benefits in Asia in particular of aligning with the winners in that market and seeing the benefit as they're taking share and consolidating frankly failing Chinese tire companies into themselves and so we're benefiting from that. On top of that you have the share gains as I mentioned from environmental enforcement, on top of that you have the innovation growth that's happening where we have double digit growth and things like our tire resins, it all combines together to a story of where we're creating our own growth in a market where the underlying primary demand as you noted is not that strong.
Michael Sison: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo Securities.
Frank Mitsch: Hey good morning gentlemen.
Mark Costa: Good morning Frank.
Frank Mitsch: Apologies, I'm feeling pretty good after last night's drift. And so celebratory environment kind of like you guys are celebrating a nice start to the year and speaking on the nice start, you reiterated that you expect to get a greater than 1.1 billion in free cash flow this year, was there a thought to raise that metric as you raise the EPS guidance?
Curt Espeland: While the delivering greater than 1.1 by itself is a pretty remarkable effort Frank and let us deliver on that this year, if we do a little bit better will celebrate with you in the fall with some maybe some victories.
Frank Mitsch: Terrific, something for me to look forward to. Mark you just indicated that to you do expect a seasonal improvement in some of your businesses in Q2, can you talk about the pace of business so far in Q2 on a geographic basis that you're seeing out there?
Mark Costa: So as you saw in the first quarter tremendous growth in Europe and Asia and we'll continue to see strong growth in those regions as the economies are improving in Europe, Asia still may not be the growth of old days in China, it's still very attractive growth compared to the rest the world and we're benefiting from our positions in there as well throughout Asia. And their overall sort of automotive market is going a little stronger than people expected at the beginning the year, so that's great for us of course. So I'd say it feels good everywhere. To be clear forecast isn't forecasting improved economy, so if that does happen that would be upside to our forecast. We believe in sort of realizing the growth that we're having. It's also important to member that revenue growth doesn't just include volume, it includes FX and price improvements et cetera.
Frank Mitsch: Terrific, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: Thank you. The zinc tow industry was still declining gradually over time and eventually need more consolidation in rationalization, do you see the block of the merger of cigarettes and Blackstone business a problem down the road if the industry can't consolidate and how do you see things planning out longer term?
Mark Costa: So let me sort of take that in two parts, first is sort of our overall view of demand in the world and then I'll get to sort of the second part of the question. Overall, demand as I mentioned, we don't see a significant change in the overall demand of cigarettes, we expect sort of slow decline outside of China. If you look at Chinaman at primary level, I think it's actually been a lot more stable than any of us thought, there was a overbuilding of inventory that was occurring in '11m '12 and '13 and then there was a destocking in that backward integration that they had with JV's with us and others that created a huge serve up and then down in tow in that marketplace. But underlying it I think it's stable. I'd also note that at this stage the exposure to imports into China with tow is down to about 5% of our revenue in the segment or half of 1% at the company level, so the exposure we have to that question right now has been dramatically reduced on what happens inside China. The key element of how we think about this business stays the same as it always has been. We're focused on running our business the best we possibly can and I think we're doing a good job of that. So we've secured a lot of our volume outside of China, two thirds of it in these long term agreement to provide stability and volume and pricing for our customers and for us. We're obviously pursuing productivity aggressively this year in amount of cost we think we can improve including our raw materials and that's going to help offset - will offset the price declines that we expect this year. But most importantly to our story is on the asset side when we added capacity in China we took out capacity in UK and now we're down to our last asset in flake largest lowest cost asset back with integrated coal and our tow capacity that we have left matches that flake. So we're focused on how we fill that remaining capacity, that excess capacity including what declines may come with their innovation, so as I just told you in the beginning of this call we're seeing tremendous success in textiles, we're also seeing success in the non-olefins where we're going to get strong double digit growth this year over last year in this space. And while the margins on tow, they're decent attractive margins somewhere to sort of company average. And that's how we feel these assets and driver - earnings growth net for this business. And so we're going to repurpose those assets - this excess capacity to markets where we see attractive growth, the ability to value them up over time and where markets actually grow and that's what we've done for 90 years in cellulosic and we'll keep doing it.
John Roberts: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from a Lawrence Alexander with Jefferies.
Dan Rizzo: Hi, it's Dan Rizzo on for Lawrence. How are you doing guys?
Mark Costa: Doing good.
Dan Rizzo: You mentioned mix we've talked a lot about mix improvement and how that can help drive - help support growth, I was wondering if the productivity efforts and cost controls can also add to margin improvement over the next two to three years.
Curt Espeland: Well, over the next two to three years what we've been talking about is we do have cost productivity goals. To some degree those are being used to help offset some of the increase in manufacturing costs, some of the turnaround cost et cetera. So our productivity is helping us grow in the right places, but you all will see some growth in some of the SG&A and R&D areas. Manufacturing does an outstanding job offsetting inflation and trying to give us a little bit more than that, but again those investments what we call cost increases they are investments and you need to see those in great increases because that's what drives the future growth profile of this company.
Dan Rizzo: Okay, thanks. And then with the solar fill volumes should we think about the cadence going forward that they'll be like a very strong period of say one to two quarters followed by some weakness, is that how it kind of plays out like over a period of quarters and years?
Curt Espeland: Yeah, these are these huge concentrated solar power arrays, these mirrors that are out and [indiscernible], so they're massive projects and once they finish the construction a couple weeks they fill the plane up with fluid, so you will literally build this inventory over like a year, year and a half and then you fill it, so it comes in chunky bits in quarters and across years. It's very attractive business, we love it, but it has a tendency to be a little chunky. The good news is the new revenue recognition method will smooth out all of that better because it will be more based on issue goods issue rather than delivered.
Dan Rizzo: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Blair with Tudor Pickering & Holt.
Matthew Blair: Good morning Mark and Curt. I want to go back to the accounting impact Curt, I think you said that it provided about it $0.10 EPS boost in Q1, but would not affect really to the full year number. Could you talk about when that $0.10 benefit would roll off as we progress through the rest of the year?
Curt Espeland: Sure, if I think about recognition of the new method compared to 2017 what you're going to see is you'll see a little bit of this same impact in the second quarter, but on a smaller degree it will start reversing in third quarter and you'll really feel the reversal in fourth.
Matthew Blair: Got it, thanks and then we've also seen some price increases come through from Eastman that were attributable to free surcharges, did you have any volume impact in the quarter due to logistics restrictions and what percent of your product is moved by truck?
Curt Espeland: So we first of all we haven't seen any impact on volume due to sort of logistical constraints, so we're meeting every customer need in order across the planet. Our supply chain does sort of miraculous things every day. When you think about how we didn't miss an order through the hurricanes last year, when you think about the phenomenal things we did of bringing acetic acid into the site during the coal gas interruption and then also managing a very complex inventory supply chain problem to serve all of our customers last year and not miss any orders through that recovery effort and we're really good at this. And so we've got it covered on the logistical front we are seeing higher cost like everyone else for the cost of trucking which isn't a huge portion of our cost structure I want to come to logistics. And we're pricing to recover it like everyone else is doing.
Matthew Blair: Thank you.
Greg Riddle: Let's make the next question the last one please.
Operator: Our final question comes from Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan: Hi, there is a lot of volatility in Q1 on propylene and ethylene, I guess going forward, would you expect your propylene based products to increase given recent inflation or would that be a headwind? Thank you.
Mark Costa: On the propylene side I think we - what I would say is, we expect some stability. It's been good pricing improvements through the first quarter, we expect those mostly to hold into the second and that business to be stable through the year. I think it's obviously a different story, but even on there the out lenders are pretty stable, so just down to the ball cap win where obviously prices were lower, which is really a second half impact. If you remember the second quarter has our shut down in it with one of our crackers, so we just are producing much excess ethylene in the second quarter. So this is really more about the second half when you think about that.
Arun Viswanathan: Thanks.
Greg Riddle: Okay, thanks again everyone for joining us this morning. A replay of this call will be available on our website later this morning. Thanks again.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-02 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Riddle - IR Mark Costa - Chairman & CEO Curt Espeland - EVP and CFO Louis Reavis - Manager, IR
Analysts: David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank John Roberts - UBS Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Instinet Duffy Fisher - Barclays P. J. Juvekar - Citi Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Kevin McCarthy - Vertical Research Partners Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan Bob Koort - Goldman Sachs Frank Mitsch - Wells Fargo Michael Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets Dan Rizzo - Jefferies
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company Fourth Quarter Full Year 2017 Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman's website, www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Greg Riddle: Thank you, Jennifer, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Curt Espeland, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Louis Reavis, Manager, Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's fourth quarter and full year 2017 financial results News Release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for the third quarter 2017 and the Form 10-K to be filed for 2017. Second, earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain non-GAAP and unusual items. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including the description of the excluded and adjusted items are available in the fourth quarter of full year of 2017 financial results News Release, which can be found on our website, www.eastman.com in the Investors section. Projection of future earnings exclude any non-core or unusual items. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Costa: Good morning, everyone. I'll start on Slide 3. 2017 was a strong year for Eastman as we made great progress in our strategy to transform towards specialty portfolio and create attractive value for our shareholders. I am pleased to report that we met or exceeded the financial targets that we set last January. On the EPS front we exceeded our goals to the strength of our performance over innovative specialty businesses. The key driver to the success was our continued strong growth, improving product mix, and cost structure leverage. In 2017 we delivered over 7% volume growth in our two specialty segments combined which is more than double the underlying markets. Strong contributors included many of our premium products such as Triton, Saflex acoustics and heads up display interlayers, Crystex tire additives, tire resins and performance films. In particular growth in premium products has been a key driver for the advanced materials segment and were seeing this trend accelerate for additives and functional products. We achieved the highest rate of new product commercializations form our innovation growth portfolio in our history. We also benefited from high reliability suppliers as our Chinese competitors faced stronger environmental enforcement. And we completed the construction of two of our new specially plants in Malaysia to support our future growth. At the same time we took actions to reduce cost in a disciplined way which has allowed us to strategically invest in long-term growth and further improve our cost structure. As I said before, we are creating our own growth through innovation and leadership in specialty markets. Our cash engine generated an impressive $1 billion of free cash flow for the year, about 7% yield which enabled an increasing dividend further deleveraging and an accelerating rate of share repurchases. And we increased our dividend by 10% in 2017, the 8th straight year of increases. Over that time we have more than doubled our dividend providing an attractive yield to investors. Overall during 2017 we returned approximately $650 million to stockholders through share repurchases and dividends. These results are clear proof that we are on track and executing our strategy from innovating through our enterprise to managing our cost, to pricing discipline to returning cash to our stockholders. Next on Slide 4, as you know in early October we had an operational incident in the coal gasification areas of our Kingsport site. First I said it before and I want to say it again, I want to complement the extraordinary professionalism and safety first focus of our operations team. This was a significant event and we're exceptionally proud of the actions of our team. Our recovery team had twice a day, seven days a week for three months solving problems and driving results. The team came together with the Eastman can-do attitude and demonstrated how Eastman is exceptional at rising to a challenge. Second our response to this incidence is a superb example of how we both delivered superior reliability for our customers and our minimized in the financial - impact the incident on our earnings. Our teams wire tireless to repair the facility we also implemented alternate processes to maintain operations of downstream derivative facilities of coal gas. We had an absolutely flawless startup which is a testament to our talented engineering and manufacturing teams. And in the end there was a zero impact to our derivative customers. Third, this impressive timeline to get back up is due to the significant advantages we have in the scale and integration at our Tennessee site which is one of the largest integrated chemical facilities in the U.S. Our integrated production systems across the four segments enabled us to make complex choices across the site which was essential in avoiding a site wide disruption. Our significant scale enables us to have dedicated experts and large-scale fabrication and engineering resources who rapidly and safely repair the facility. For example, we rebuilt a five-story pipe bridge with 117 pipes and there were no leaks on start-up. We replaced 100s of valves some of which were over 2000 pounds. We rebuilt in our own big shop a number of new vessels some of which had walls that were three inches big. Our scale and supply chain procurement also played a critical role in sourcing material and balancing the needs of our customers. This is another example of how we're exceptional in managing the large complex facilities. Ill let Curt cover the financial implications as he reviews the corporate results next. With that, I'll turn it over to Curt.
Curt Espeland: Thanks Mark, and good morning everyone. Continuing on Slide 4 let me cover three financial aspects related to the coal gasification incident. First, our net cost resulting from the incident are excluded from fourth quarter and full-year earnings results and the net earnings recovery in 2018 will also be excluded. Second, thanks to our teams diligent effort resulting in an accelerated timeframe for bringing the site back up, as well as higher insurance recovery resulting from an increase on related capital expenditures, we anticipate the net financial impact of the incident will be between $25 million to $50 million lower than previously anticipated. In fourth quarter, the net cost of the disruption and to the repair and reconstruction of the site were $112 million. In addition, lost sales attributed to the incident were $40 million in the fourth quarter of 2017 primarily in the chemical intermediate segment. Finally, the net cash impact of the incident is expected to be approximately $50 million to $70 million mostly impacting free cash flow in 2018. The free cash flow impact on fourth quarter 2017 was minimal as a net costs and capital expenditures related to the incident were offset by drawdown of inventory, an increase in trade payables. Now moving to our fourth quarter corporate results on Slide 5. We delivered solid earnings for the quarter. The increase in revenue largely reflected strong growth from our high margins specialty businesses along with continued improvement in chemical intermediates more than offsetting a decline in fibers. Chemical intermediates revenue improved despite the negative impact of lost sales of approximately $40 million attributed to the coal gasification disruption. Operating earnings increased as growth in additives and functional products, advanced materials and chemical intermediates more than offset a decline in fibers. Next on to Slide 6. Looking at the full year we delivered strong results despite a slow growth world reflecting the strong and robustness of our strategy to transform into a specialty portfolio. Overall sales revenue increased as strong growth from our high margins specialty businesses along with continued improvement in chemical intermediates more than offset a headwind in fibers. Our operating results increased as increases in additives and functional products, advanced materials and chemical intermediates more than offset a decline in fibers. And we're growing operating earnings while we continue to invest in growth for both the near-term and long-term. Our operating margin for the year was over 70% slightly higher than 2016 and our adjusted EBITDA margin was over 23% which remains one of the most attractive in our industry. Earnings per share increased 13% with higher operating earnings contributing almost 8% of the growth. Moving next to the segment results beginning on Slide 7 and starting with advanced materials which delivered another year of strong growth driven by innovation platforms. Fourth quarter earnings increased year-over-year due to higher sales volume particularly from double-digit growth of high margin innovative products and improved product mix. Partially offset by higher growth spend and startup costs of the new PVD resin capacity in Malaysia and hurricane related costs. For the year, sales revenue increased due to the improved product mix from higher sales volume of premium products including Triton, co-polyester, Saflex acoustic interlayers, and performance films. Operating earnings increased for the year primarily driven by higher sales volume, lower unit cost due to higher capacity utilization and improved product mix of premium products partially offset by higher growth spend. Advanced materials strong operating margin was maintained at over 19%. These results reflect execution of a multiyear strategy to deliver strong earnings growth. Overall solid results for 2017 which continues advanced materials track record of success and reflects a high level of returns given the investments we have made. Looking to 2018, we expect stronger earnings growth in 2017 as advanced materials execute its strategy for mid-single digit volume growth, mixed improvement and fixed cost leverage. We continue to deliver compelling proof of our ability to drive growth through our innovation and market development. Now to additives and function products on Slide 8 which had another outstanding quarter. Fourth quarter sales revenue increased 19% due to very strong sales volume for most product lines, a favorable shift in foreign currency exchange rates and higher selling prices. This impressive growth came from multiple sources. Our improved commercial execution and heat transfer fluids led to a number of wins in solar energy, strong growth in tire additives due to innovation in our tire resins, and superior operational reliability and strong growth in animal nutrition and care chemicals. We also made good progress in improving our pricing on the strengths of our value proposition to our customers. Operating earnings increased primarily due to higher sales volume, higher selling prices and fixed cost leverage. For the year sales revenue increased double digits primarily due to 10% higher sales volume which is across most of the segment, as well as higher selling prices. Operating earnings increased 8% primarily due to higher sales volume, fixed cost leverage related to strong volume growth and higher selling prices. Looking at full year 2018, we expect solid earnings growth. We expect the continued solid growth in tire additives and animal attrition will be partially offset by some headwinds and adhesives and a tough comp for heat transfer fluids due to the timing of solar projects. We will also have higher costs associated with growth investments. All in, additives and functional products is well positioned to deliver solid earnings growth for the year. Now the chemical intermediates on Slide 9. Fourth quarter sales revenue increased due to higher selling prices attributed to higher raw material costs, and continued improved market conditions. The increase was partially offset by lower sales volume particularly of acetyl derivative products due to the coal gasification incident. Fourth quarter operating earnings increased slightly primarily due to higher selling prices and lower commodity hedge costs partially offset by lower sales volume and higher raw material and energy costs. For full-year, operating earnings increased primarily due to higher selling prices, lower commodity hedge costs, lower scheduled maintenance costs, and lower operating costs partially offset by higher raw material and energy costs. Sales volume was down somewhat with growth in our specialty businesses consuming intermediates that would have been sold to the market resulting in corporate mix upgrade. This is in line with our strategy for chemical intermediates which includes supporting growth in the specialty businesses. Looking at full year 2018, we expect similar results to 2017. It looks like we are off to a good start here in the first quarter, however we are expecting all of our margins to compress somewhat towards the back half of the year. We also have higher scheduled maintenance cost during the year which we will work to offset with productivity. Overall chemical intermediates is set up for 2018 earnings to be similar to 2017 which would be good performance. I'll finish up the segment review with fibers on Slide 10. Full-year sales revenue decreased primarily due to lower selling prices particularly for acetate tow attributed to lower industry capacity utilization. A bright spot for the year was growth and acetate yarn which increased over 10% reflecting early success of our innovation initiatives. Operating earnings for the year declined due to lower selling prices and lower sales volume partially offset by lower operating costs resulting from recent actions. However, operating earnings improved in the second half of 2017 and were 10% higher than the first half reflecting the actions we've taken to stabilize the business. Looking forward, we expect 2018 earnings to be stable or somewhat higher than earnings in 2017. We expect total volumes to be stable with somewhat lower prices from competitive activity offset by an aggressive productivity program including raw material costs. We also expect continued growth from our innovation efforts and will tell you more about this great success next week. One final point, we expect first quarter 2018 to be in line with the fourth quarter of 2017 with an improvement in earnings for the remaining three quarters as the benefits of lower costs flow through inventory. On Slide 11, I will transition to an overview of our cash flow and other financial highlights for 2017. We did an excellent job of generating cash in 2017 with operating cash flow of over $1.6 billion. Capital expenditures totaled $649 million including approximately $50 million for coal gasification repairs and reconstruction. Free cash flow for the year was just over $1 billion, the best year of free cash flow in our history and a very attractive free cash flow conversion rate of over 90%, another testament to the quality of our portfolio and the capabilities of Eastman team. And we expect that to continue in 2018 with free cash flow expectation greater than $1.1 billion. This reflects cash from continued earnings growth, the benefit of tax reform and lower capital expenditures partially offset by the negative cash impact of the operational incident and increases in working capital requirements given our expected growth and rising raw material environment. For 2018 we expect capital expenditures to moderate to $250 million to $550 million. This reflects the nearing or completion of several large growth projects, as well as an additional $20 million to complete the repairs of the coal gas facility. In addition, given the expected benefits of tax reform, we are investing an additional $25 million for low-cost to bottlenecks and higher returns small capital projects to meet increasing demand for a variety of our specialties. And well continue to put our free cash flow to work in a balanced and disciplined manner. We used $350 million over free cash flow to pay down debt consistent with our deleveraging commitment. Additionally, we remain committed to returning cash to our stockholders. Our full-year dividend was $296 million and this included a increase in the fourth quarter of 10%. And we had $350 million in share repurchases through the year including $75 million in the fourth quarter. The combination of regular increases in our dividend and an increasing level of share repurchases reflect our continued confidence in future earnings and cash flows. And finally, our pro forma effective tax rate for the year was approximately 20% reflecting the continued benefits of our improvement in business operations and other positive tax attributes. Tax reform also had an impact on our fourth quarter and our outlook for 2018. In the fourth quarter the company recognized an estimated $421 million tax benefit resulting from recent tax law changes impacting the revaluation of deferred tax liabilities offset by expected transition tax on deferred foreign income and a reduction in the expected benefit of foreign tax credits. Our normalized effective tax rate is expected to go from 20% to 22% to 18% to 20% in 2018 reflecting the lower US tax rate partially offset by a reduction of foreign tax credits and other deductions. Overall, a strong year for Eastman and a solid foundation from which we'll continue to grow. With that, I'll turn it back to Mark.
Mark Costa: Thanks Curt. On Slide 12, Ill discuss our 2018 outlook. We continue to benefit from the strong growth of high value innovative products with leading positions in attractive niche markets. We're also delivering revenue synergies through launching new products and improvements in the commercial execution capabilities of our acquired businesses. Were seeing the benefits of scale and integration, translating this attractive growth in earnings. And our continued aggressive productivity is expected to offset inflation and some of our growth. In addition a modest improvement in our tax rate is expected to contribute to grow. Finally disciplined allocation of our strong free cash flow contribute to our growth including increasing our share repurchases in 2018 compared to 2017. To accelerate the momentum in the coming years, were also continuing to invest in innovation and product development, and we expect higher scheduled maintenance costs in the year as we have significant turnaround of one of our crackers in Longview Texas, that only happens every five years. And lastly, we expect some pressure in olefins spreads especially in the second half of the year. Putting this all together consistent with our previous guidance, we expect adjusted EPS growth in 2018 to be between 8% and 12%. And when you consider the shape of earnings this year, you should expect the first half to be modestly stronger than the second primarily in CI and AFP. We expect at least a 10% increase in our free cash flow which is one of the most compelling in the industry, especially when you consider we're investing in long-term growth at the same time. Lastly this morning a quick reminder that we will host an Innovation Day in New York on the morning of this coming Tuesday, February 6. We're incredibly excited to spend the morning with you and talking about how much progress we've made in our innovation strategy and our capabilities across the organization and how its positioned us to continue to deliver strong attractive growth and increasing free cash flow. In particular well share three things with you in this day. We'll talk quite extensively about our unique innovation, organic growth model that I think is exceptional in this industry and has delivered one of the most robust portfolios for growth that we've ever had and I think outstanding for this industry. We will also talk about how aggressive portfolio management through years has positioned us to help growth across a range of attractive markets and structurally improved our earnings and cash flows and positioned us to deliver continued growth. And of course we'll spend some time reviewing how were going to be disciplined as that we always have been about deploying our free cash flow for the attractive returns for our shareholders. Through this discussion we'll demonstrate how we've created value in the past and more importantly how we positioned to continue doing it going forward. I hope youll be able to join us. And with that, Ill turn back to Greg.
Greg Riddle: Thanks Mark. Weve got a lot of people on the line this morning and like to get to as many questions as possible. So I'd appreciate it if you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. And with that Jennifer we are ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Very strong quarter in the AFP business on topline basis, another 14% volume mix. How sustainable is that number in 2018?
Mark Costa: Yes, were incredibly proud of the team in AFP. They have just done a phenomenal job through the year of driving growth as all you know we had a bit slow start to the year. And really delivered great acceleration through the year and it was strong volume on a number of fronts. We had great growth that was delivered in the back half of the year in particular both third and fourth quarter from our solar fills as Curt mentioned. We won a number of projects there and saw that benefit. We also had tremendous success in driving revenue synergies through the Taminco acquisition, an accelerating growth in animal nutrition and care chemical, delivering a lot of strong volume growth and tires which is a great success story both on the innovation efforts around tire resins and Crystex, as well as PVDs as we demonstrated how reliable we are to our customers compared to some of the competitors that we had faced out of China who've been shut down for environmental reasons. So strong drivers across the market. I would note that coating was more in line with how our customers' grew in that mix. But as we look at 2018 we are confident to continue strong growth in sort of the mid-single digits areas. So its going to moderate a bit from where we were in 2017. The key things are this year we don't have that many solar fills so that's going to be a tough comp in the back half of the year, but we will see a return of those solar fills in 2019 and 2020. It's just those orders tend to be chunky and when they fall not just within the year but also across years, its a great business just chunky. In addition, we saw some growth really driven by this Chinese environmental enforcement in the AFP as well CI. And what happen there is, we gained a lot of market share in some places we expect to sustain that market share. We don't associate another step up in share this year. I would note that AFP is advantage when it really becomes a - demonstrating our reliability supply in that front because of how well our assets run how and we maintain them and most of our competitors may have feel on the specialty side are small Asian players who have one line and in this case weve shown the value of being aligned with us. So you have a few things that just not going to repeat and as we mentioned will have some price pressure on the pieces business as we have a competitive add some capacity and weve been talking about that for a while. So overall very much confident of delivering solid growth this year, the rate of growth will be moderate on the volume side as a result of these things.
David Begleiter: And Curt just on the cash flow, whats your working capital expectation for usage this year and how much debt do you expect to paydown in 2018?
Curt Espeland: So if you think about cash flow again were expecting greater than 1.1 billion embedded in that is a growth - I'd call modest growth in working capital. If you think about our cash conversion cycle, it should be about the same. I think depend on how you calculate, it's 98, 99 days that will be the same cash conversion cycle in 2018 and just have to kind of input your own thoughts on what you think the rising raw material environment is going to be. As it relates to the uses of cash flow, youre going to see that same disciplined capital allocation philosophy you have seen this year. So if you think about greater than $1.1 billion, the increase in dividend is roughly going to be a $325 million use of cash. You'll probably see us continue deleveraging about the same level maybe little lower and that we did in 2017. And in absence of any bolt-on acquisitions the rest of it will be deployed to share repurchases.
Operator: Well go next to John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: Did you have to purchase all of your silicon hydride during the quarter or were you able to utilize some swaps where you have to return the volumes in the future?
Mark Costa: Im not going to get in all different mechanics that how we secured the acetic acid but yes we did have to go the marketplace and secure so.
Curt Espeland: I would say that it was an impressive display of supply chain management where we're normally exporting a modest amount of asset in hydride out of this site because we consume most of what we make for our specialty products vast majority. Bringing in a phenomenal amount of acetic acid in the site, it was just extraordinary to see that flow shift in less than 30 days.
John Roberts: And it seems like your adjusted results added back the cost of the purchase acetic or asset or in hydride, is that because when you're in normal operations running the gasifier, the net cost of the raw material coal after the coproduct intermediate credit is essentially zero and see it add back the cost of any purchased raw material?
Mark Costa: Well you got to keep them, the reason we added back the cost of the instant because first of all we have pretty good line aside of what the additional costs are. And what you have typically is the cost of the incident which is basically supported by the insurance process to go through it is actually reflects the additional cost of procuring and moving the additional raw materials into our facilities versus what it would cost for us to have produced.
Operator: We'll go next to Aleksey Yefremov with Nomura Instinet.
Aleksey Yefremov: Could you discuss the start-up costs in relating to 2017 and if there is any benefit from lapsing those costs in 2018?
Curt Espeland: Well I think if you look at maybe total cost - Mark talked about some cost headwinds, we call it investments. And so what you have there is typically between the three manufacturing sites that were bringing on stream that will come with about $30 million of its additional fixed cost that we will deal with in 2018 that we will grow into starting at 2018 and going into that 2019 period et cetera. And just round it out, if you think about that plus well have some additional Ill call it roughly $20 million of costs associated with turnarounds that we didn't have in 2017, and plus you got some additional growth and innovation spend et cetera. So now you think about that, we are using productivities to try to maybe cut half of that gross spend in half and combine that with roughly 70 million of inflation we always have deal with this each year. We will have about $100 million cost reduction program. But in general well have a $30 million to $40 million cost headwind related to growth investments to help or support our long-term growth going into 2018.
Aleksey Yefremov: As a follow-up, what are your expectations for the benefit of the PDH agreement that are embedded in your guidance and how conservative are those assumptions compared to current spot PDH margins?
Curt Espeland: So the expectations or the benefits of that PDH agreement of us obviously moderated with the changes in oil price in olefins market. We still have a benefit but it will be relatively modest.
Operator: We'll go next to Duffy Fisher with Barclays.
Duffy Fisher: First question just around tow, you had gone to great lengths to kind of lock in some longer-term contracts. So the price down in the fourth quarter and some price coming down next year. Did that play out like you thought or is that kind of an incremental negative versus what you thought when you went to those longer-term contracts?
Mark Costa: So as we said we secured about two thirds of our tow volume in long-term agreements. Obviously there was a third that wasn't and we saw some residual competitive pressure in that space, the price down you saw in the fourth quarter it just the nature of the pricing and the agreements we set for the year. But as you look at 2018, you will see some - sort of more moderate reduction in price associated with some continued competitive conditions throughout the year last year. But as Curt said, those moderate price declines in comparison last year will be more than offset by some of the cost reduction efforts we have to volume being the same. So in general, we feel good about so where it all nets out to being stable for the year with. I think we have a good chance of drive for some very modest growth when you include the innovation program. So really excited to walk you through all of that next week and show how much progress weve made. On the innovation portfolio, I have been pushing it off with you guys for a while to sort of get into the market and see success and we really have delivered some tremendous success. And can we just share with you.
Duffy Fisher: And then just to go back to the cash flow, you seem much more confident or bullish kind of on the more than 10% growth in free cash flow where your earnings guide or EPS guide is kind of 8 to 12. But yet, you're going to buy back some shares, so that should be a positive for EPS relative to cash flow, working capital will be a net negative on cash flow wouldn't be for EPS? So where's the increase bullishness coming from on the cash flow side relative to the EPS growth?
Curt Espeland: Well, first of all it comes from our underline businesses. I mean, our underlying businesses generate good cash flows and that will continue. And so, cash flows are not always equal exactly 100% for the growth rate. But we are going to see good cash flow growth there. We are expecting some benefits of tax reform. You've heard me talk about the challenges or headwinds we expected with higher cash taxes in the U.S. and so, that will help moderate that, in fact as we got transition that headwind maybe more '19 than '18. So that helps our cash flows in '18. And again you see good working capital this month. The other thing I'd remind yourself is our capital expenditures are also down 100 million. So that's also a driver of that confidence in free cash flow.
Mark Costa: The other thing I would note on the earnings side of this when it comes to tax is that as, we looked at our guidance we've kept the range 8% to 12%, but where we were leading you guys last fall was we'd be at the low end of that range from what we could obviously with this tax benefit, well now move into the middle of the range on that 8% to 12%.
Operator: We'll go next to P. J. Juvekar with Citi.
P. J. Juvekar: Mark you guys did a good job in ASP and Advanced Materials in terms of volumes but pricing has been somewhat weak, particularly in AdMat for last several quarters. And that is despite rising raw materials. So, what does it take to get pricing up there or are your sales people not pushing price to get volumes? Can you just talk about that?
Mark Costa: So, in Advanced Materials as you noted the prices didn't change that much. There is a lot in that mix as well that you have to keep in mind. But the first thing I would note is, compared to CI and AFP the rate of raw material increase in Advanced Materials is actually quite modest. The PX market is pretty competitive and we didn't see that much increase in PX really, compared to other segments. What we're really focused on in Advanced Materials is driving mix upgrade that's how we've created all this value. And when we're growing things like trident acoustics and heads of display interlayers and all of the performance films business had pretty attractive high margins, that's how we drive growth and that's how we deliver earnings growth over the last five years in that business. On the pricing front, we didnt make good progress actually on pricing relative to PX on the co-polyester side of the business, but the prices were flat due to the annual contracts and interlayers so that mitigated how you're seeing the overall price movement in the segment. And of course, we had some prices come off in a few places. But I actually feel that we did a great job on that and we have some good momentum and feel good about how we're going to manage price versus rise in '18
P. J. Juvekar: And then you talked about the Chinese competitors having issues. Can you just talk about what products that you're seeing that benefit? And generally, if you can talk about your China operations outside of [Wiltertoe]? Thank you. 
Mark Costa: So especially in AFP and CI we have a number of competitors who are based out of China. And in AFP, there are players that we have in products like Crystex, some of the olefin related products where they are typically very small private companies who start up a plant somewhere. And in this case, many of them were not in an industrial park. So when they start to enforce environmental restrictions they had to shut down because they were in some suburb or some place and that wasn't appropriate. And we really benefit from that, especially in tires but also in some of the olefin related businesses as well. And then as you think about the overall China business, it's a great business. I mean tow has obviously got its own unique story, but we're well positioned across advanced materials and as of functional products and selling a number of specialties into that market across the whole spectrum from transportation to consumables, consumer durables et cetera. So it's a robust business but a big driver of growth for us. 
Operator: We'll go next to Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: With the lower U.S. tax rate, I guess just a couple of questions around it. Obviously, you're still presumably trying to sell the Longview Cracker. So any update there? Maybe that's helpful to have a lower tax rate now. But also you talked about the $25 million incremental investment. But as you think about broader capital allocation whether it's organic or for M&A, are you more focused on the U.S. now with the lower tax rate than you might have been otherwise or how is your calculus changed, if any?
Mark Costa: First you asked a question about the status of the ethylene sale, let me start there and then we'll talk about tax rate and then how we might think about the investment. So first of all on the sale process, divesting the excess ethylene positioned and a potential commodity ethylene derivatives it remains a priority for us. You've heard that before, but nothing has changed there. While excess ethylene is a source of volatility and not strategic to our future growth, the underlying assets are high-quality that generate significant value. So we're just going to continue with our process. It's an active process with multiple parties seriously engage with us. And so we are working hard to see if we can get a transaction completed. On the tax rate, just to clarify again, we are expecting a modest impact as part of the effective tax rate. In addition as we transition, that minimizes some of the headwinds we have on taxes. We're going to '18 by a face of more '19. But then on a cash basis between all the things, there's probably is a $50 million cash benefit for us relative to some of those headwinds we're starting to face. So that allows us to have a little extra cash to put to work.
Mark Costa: So as we reflected on the benefits for us, like most companies in the U.S. are doing, we wanted to make sure that we stay true to our strategy. So if we think about how we invest some of these tailwinds - and by the way, overall tax reform I think for this country, for Eastman, is fantastic to improve our competitiveness in the world. We wanted to really reinvest in our strategy. So we're going to increase our resourcing in the R&D side and the growth resources on the commercial side to accelerate these innovation programs that we have moving in place. We also saw the opportunity to take some of the cash and reinvest it in debottlenecking some of our plans, improving yields and quality on some of our plans to support us better in the strong growth we're having. So that's how we decided to do it. We think that's the best way to improve the quality of our employees, so our jobs security and carrier tracks and we also think it's a great way to create some attractive jobs in this country. Chemical sector is a great place to work, our salaries are well above the industrial average and significantly above the service sector. It's a mix upgrade just like in our strategy if you think about America and what we're doing. So we think tax is great. One of the thing I'd note is, the biggest upside to tax reform I think for all of us is stimulating economic growth in this country and by association around the world. And if that growth stimulus happens, that would be upside to our forecast.
Vincent Andrews: And just as a follow-up, can you give us a sense of the FX impact that you're expecting for 2018 at current rate?
Curt Espeland: Well, we've assumed then the - outlook right now is - the biggest thing is Euro to Dollar relationship. We've assumed a little about a 120 maybe, a little stronger. And that's built into our outlook statement. I know it's trading a little higher than that, but let's see if that stays there for a period of time before we talk any further upside to our forecast. But if it does, it will have an impact on our outlook. But right now, we're assuming $120 or so.
Operator: We'll go next to Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin McCarthy: Mark, in your prepared remarks, I think you indicated that you'd anticipate a greater share repurchases in 2018 versus 2017. Can you put that into context for us versus the $350 million that you did. It looks like, for example, you de-lever by $1.25 billion in the fourth quarter. Are you happy with the balance sheet where it is now and should we anticipate a meaningful shift in that regard looking ahead?
Curt Espeland: First of all, we love our balance sheet. Well, there is still some additional deleveraging that we need to do consistent with our commitment to maintain a solid investment credit rating. So the deleveraging that we're going to do is going to, again, be similar to or little less than we did in 2016, and that will continue to improve our metrics especially as we also then grow our EBITDA. As it relates to the capital allocation, again, you should always assume our free cash flow is fully deployed. I know that still - I don't think it's fully appreciated in the industry yet that we will fully deploy our capital, our cash flow. So, yes, in absence of bolt-on acquisitions, we will see an increase in share repurchases. I still like to see an execution of that kind of spread throughout the year. We tend not to do accelerated programs, but we'll see how the year progresses and whether we change our strategy, but that's how we currently think about it.
Kevin McCarthy: And then as a follow-up sticking with the same subject, how would you characterize your M&A pipeline activity has been relatively quiet. It seems to me over the last year or so, do you see interesting bolt-ons or anything larger of interest looking ahead?
Mark Costa: So, first, you're right. We've been very focused on demonstrating we can deliver organic growth not just from heritage Eastman but also from our acquired businesses. Next week you'll see tremendous innovation and growth stories across our portfolio, and it's amazing how much we've accelerated growth and what we've acquired, not just what we've had. So that's been our focus, and I think it's important to drive confidence for all of our shareholders that we can get a good return on our investments, both capital and acquisitions. As we look forward, we are aiming for doing bolt-on acquisitions that reinforce and strengthen some of the positions we have in our specialty businesses. And so we'll look to try and make that happen as balanced approach in capital allocation. I will tell you right now, we don't have anything active, but it is something that we hope to do as we forward from this point forward.
Operator: We'll go next to Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: What was your cash tax rate in 2017? Where do you expect it to be in 2018 and what do you forecast for 2019?
Mark Costa: Well, you see in the cash flow statement, you can see what the impact is on differed taxes. So I think our cash tax rate actually increased slightly in 2017. One of the ways I try to characterize kind of that headwind taxes is we've been benefitted from the NOLs we acquired from Solutia. So that was about $1.5 billion of NOLs. And we've really enjoyed the benefit of those kind of over the five years tax effect that you can get a rough sense of how much we benefited. And then as that benefit of NOLs rolled off, we were starting to use the foreign tax credits. Now, as we transition to a territorial tax system, we've now lost some of the benefit of those foreign tax credits. 2018 is still a transition year. So we'll see how much we can manage through this. But you will see our cash tax rates to grow modestly in 2018 and a little bit more in 2019, but, Jeff, the bottomline, we don't quantify the exact cash tax rate, but you can see how it's reflected in our free cash flow goals overall.
Jeff Zekauskas: So what you said is your cash tax rate will arise in 2018, and then rise a little bit in 2019?
Mark Costa: Yes, it will rise a little bit in 2018, and it'll probably rise a little bit more in 2019.
Curt Espeland: Overall, we're confident of our free cash flow as a company increasing this year and continue to increase as we move forward.
Operator: We'll go next to Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Bob Koort: You mentioned, and Curt as well, that at the Innovation Day, you're going to give some direction on the things you've been working on and the value it creates. Just curious, as you look forward in AFP and AM, should we expect to see that manifest as margin lift or primarily volume lift? And then secondly, is it good or bad for Eastman Chemical if there is broad inflation in your feedstock base?
Mark Costa: So on the first question, Bob, we'll extensively cover that topic about how innovations is going to drive growth through a company across AM, AFP as well as starting to help fibers in the portfolio. So that will be our focus. It is a volume driven story more than it is a margin driven story. We get a great mix uplift that moves our margin up within the segments, especially advanced materials. But when you think about AFP and AM, the margin there are much more attractive than CI. So as we're driving growth there and intentionally not growing CI at the same rate because they're sending intermediates down to the growing specialties. That's a huge mix upgrade within the portfolio. So you do get margins improving over time, but the real story is volume and mix upgrade in the specialties. So that's sort of where you get on that front. On the oil question, what we'd say is a steady oil environment and an increase in oil environment is favorable to Eastman, a volatile oil environment is not in general over the long term because when it's spiking up and down its just always hard to manage the pricing. As we look at the current situation, 2018 what I'd say is you know on methanol so amines and acetyls we see a nice tailwind coming with oil and associated methanol going up. When we think about the olefin side in the short-term there is a supply demand dynamic issue that goes on top of oil. We have all these crackers and PDH units coming up so were expecting some short-term pressure but long-term we feel good about how those spreads with all.
Operator: We'll go next to Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo.
Frank Mitsch: Congrats on getting the coal gas unit up before year end. Curt I wanted to follow up on Slide 12 the near-term headwinds I took down a bunch of numbers I just want to make sure I got this correct and also wanted to learn more about the cost reduction program you referenced. So the cost of strategic growth investments I believe you said was 30 million to 40 million headwind 2018 versus 2017 was that correct?
Curt Espeland: Yes, again thats mainly the impact of the cost of bringing these new production facilities online. A good portion of that just the higher depreciation that comes with bringing assets online?
Frank Mitsch: And then also the higher scheduled maintenance cost I think you referenced 20 million year-over-year net increase is the correct?
Curt Espeland: Thats correct. Its primarily related to a cracker turnaround in second quarter.
Frank Mitsch: In Q2, thats all in Q2.
Curt Espeland: Yes, that cracker turnaround is in Q2.
Frank Mitsch: And then I believe you said that there was - and then you also said you have general inflation labor costs et cetera 70 million and lot of this will be offset by $100 million cost reduction program. Can you go into anymore details on that program?
Curt Espeland: Well again we have a great team of people at Eastman know how to manage cost its in our DNA. And so this is a group of people who have been working on offsetting inflation every year and we asked them to deliver more than that periodically like we've done in the past. We asked them to deliver more than inflation in 2017. What were asking for that team to do is help offset some of this growth investment as we grow into it, to help us kind of have earnings growth, good earnings growth in 2018 and as those growth investments take off and you get the benefits of it, well continue to offset inflation through the productivity programs.
Mark Costa: Frank just to sort of summarize that up first of all the productivity programs and we do this every year. So this is standard to what we do. A lot of it is manufacturing improving yields, quality, debottlenecking, stretching plants, but its just great productivity, its not that people related this year. When you think about that and all the cost that Curt has laid out from the growth investments and the higher maintenance costs, the point were trying to say is net. Well offset inflation to 70 and of this growth spend and maintenance costs, we also have a portion of that but not all of it. So net-net you've got a fixed cost headwind in the $30 million to $40 million range all in from 2017 to 2018.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Sison with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Michael Sison: In terms of EPS growth for 2017 how much of that do you think was driven by your specialty businesses and I guess by your outlook for the segments in 2018 did the specialty businesses support more of that EPS growth as we head into next year?
Curt Espeland: So if you think about it and the way I think about it is the specialty businesses is where the key driver for earnings growth last year and theyre going to be key driver for earnings growth this year. Its a little bit different story on how you do that. In 2017 you had a recovery in CI especially the hedge rolling off basically offsetting the headroom we had in fibers. So CI and fibers sort of neutralize each other out and we delivered growth in the specialties, as well as leveraging other elements of our income statement from interest cost to tax rate and share count. As you look at this year it sort of the same story. We're going to have strong growth in the specialty businesses as we've guided. Fiber actually will be stable to 2017, CI will be stable 2017. And so same story about where the net earnings growth comes from and of course were going to keep levering the other elements of the income statement to. So better interest cost, better tax, better share reduction than last year's so it all comes together in developing a pretty compelling story and equally important increasing free cash flow to a very attractive level.
Michael Sison: And then if you think about bolt-on acquisitions, you've done a nice job adding specialty businesses over the last several years. Are there certain areas within the product lines that you like to reinforce or opportunities to maybe get bigger in certain of the specialty businesses?
Mark Costa: Were not going to get into specific target areas until we actually deliver the acquisitions Mike but there are definitely attractive parts of advanced materials where we can see value in doing some bolt-on M&A. We got a great track record already in advanced materials and some bolt-on M&A in the performance films business, and then are few other places beyond that as well that we can look at. In additives and functional products, the combination of Taminco with Eastmans capabilities create some opportunities for looking for some bolt-on acquisitions to improve our growth rate. And so its a target rich area in that space as well. So we have a bunch of ideas and things were considering and looking forward to using that as another lever but right now were focused on delivering our organic growth, focused on managing cost, focused on delivering free cash flow and returning it to shareholders and as we get those done well do it. Id also note we have a great track record of being exceptionally disciplined in what we pay for our acquisitions. And that's also why weve been a little bit slow because we want make sure we dont over pay.
Operator: We'll go next to Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan: Just wanted to confirm the cadence for EPS. Did you say that Q4 would be similar to Q1? Or was that a fibers only comment? And then similarly, for first half, that would be greater than second half, maybe just remind us what the cadence was on EPS? Thanks.
Curt Espeland: Yes, so what we said is that the first half is going to be mostly stronger than the second half of the year at the corporate level for EPS. And in particular what we see is - we see actually quite a good strong start to the year as were going right now so we feel good about the first quarter across the portfolio. But as you look at the back half of the year, you got some sort one-off headwinds in AFP like the solar fills theyre not repeating this year compared to the back half of last year and some of this pressure and uses and you know as well as the olefin pressure that we expect in the back half of the year. So that's sort of what moderates the back half a little bit relative to the first half.
Arun Viswanathan: And just as a follow-up, just curious on China I mean you've alluded to a lot of capacity having to move to parks or being shutdown. Is there any estimate on how much of their industry that is you know relative to what it was in the past or how is it improved the supply demand environment over there? Thanks.
Mark Costa: Yes, on China effect and there is a lot people talking about but it's encouraging to see the Chinese enforce their environment laws and cleanup their impact on the global environment and we appreciate and applaud their efforts. The impact is shutting down a bunch of particularly private companies that are typically small, typically trying to get into the specialty side of the equation because they are located in the right location. And so most of those guys are under pressure if theyre operating appropriately.
Curt Espeland: Some may be able to get financing to move to new Chemical Park and if they do and do start-up theyre going to have higher operational costs in those locations than where they were in the past. So either way we look at it they don't come back obviously that's helpful if they do come back theyre going to have a higher cost structure, but we do expect some to come back. But its unclear because the Chinese government is also trying to improve their control on financing and cleaning up bad debt. So it's not clear exactly how many people well get financing to sort of comeback.
Arun Viswanathan: Okay thanks.
Greg Riddle: Let's make the next question the last question please.
Operator: We'll go next to Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Dan Rizzo: It's Dan Rizzo on for Laurence. So you indicated that the solar fills will kind of have a tough comp and the order patterns will be falling off a bit in 2018 I was wondering if solar have a kind of outsized where they really hit margins they really help margins or is it just something that you kind of work through?
Mark Costa: So in the solar fills side its not margin story its just a volume story so we had expect some amount volume on solar in the back half of last year. Just thinking of the margins are similar to the segment average, so its not a margin story.
Curt Espeland: And if I could add what we mentioned earlier that the capabilities and our team that manages that business is a great example of the type of capabilities were building at Eastman that youre going to hear a lot more about on Tuesday.
Dan Rizzo: And then forgive me if you already mentioned this but did you talk about potentially repatriating cash just what it contains in the tax code and what that means?
Curt Espeland: So when you look about the repatriation thats really not a material issue for us. We've always been able to move our cash freely. So the impact of the repatriation is really on the mandatory piece that 8% piece that was assumed in our calculation. So truly not a cash issue for us other than we're having to pay that transitional attacks as we migrate to the new territorial tax system.
Mark Costa: So in summary, I just want to say that were incredibly proud of our teams working hard everywhere to drive volume, manage cost and deliver an outstanding year of 13% EPS growth and tremendous free cash flow in 2017 demonstrating our ability to grow both of our specialty businesses which is now becoming above 70% of our total earnings. And we're really excited about Innovation Day next week where were going to walk through how were going to keep driving that, keep improving these businesses, stabilize and improve fibers and our growth model allows us to sustain this year-over-year. So look forward to seeing you guys on Tuesday morning. Thank you.
Greg Riddle: Thanks for joining us again this morning. Go ahead Jennifer.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-27 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Riddle - VP, IR & Communications Mark Costa - Chairman & CEO Curt Espeland - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Gavin Trebilcock - Goldman Sachs Eric Petrie - Citi Aleksey Yefremov - Numora Eastman Laurence Alexander - Jefferies Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan Frank Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities John Roberts - UBS David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Kevin McCarthy - Vertical Research Partners
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company Third Quarter 2017 Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman's website, www.eastman.com. We'll now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle from of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Greg Riddle: Okay. Thank you, Silvia, and good morning, everyone, and thanks you for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Curt Espeland, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Louis Reavis, Manager, Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's third quarter 2017 financial results News Release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q quarter filed for the second quarter 2017 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for third quarter 2017. Second, earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain non-core items. In addition, third quarter and first nine months 2017 earnings per share using adjusted provision for income taxes. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including the description of the excluded and adjusted items are available in the third quarter 2017 financial results News Release, which can be found on our website, www.eastman.com in the Investors section. Projection of future earnings also exclude any non-core, unusual, or non-recurring items and assume that the adjusted tax rate for first nine months 2017 will be the actual rate for the projected period. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Costa: Good morning, everyone. I'll start on Slide 3. We continue to make great progress in executing our strategy with strong third quarter operating results. Our results demonstrate the strength of our specialty portfolio with continued volume growth of premium products in additives and functional products and advanced materials. As I said many times before, we are creating our own growth through innovation and leadership in specialty markets. For the first nine months we delivered over 7% volume growth in our specialty businesses which is three times the underlying market. In a few moments, I'll share examples of just a few of the ways we're winning with customers through innovation and our enhanced commercial capabilities. Our key growth metric for new business close continues to improve. We're tracking higher than our 2% target a closer to $300 million, which is incredibly impressive when you think about it being predominantly in AFP and AM. Capacity expansions for specialty businesses remain on track which will support our continued strong growth moving forward. In addition to this specialty volume growth, we continue to do a great job implementing price increases to offset higher raw material costs. As a result, our corporate operating margin increased both sequentially and year-over-year. Our cash engine continues to generate impressive free cash flow as we remain on track to deliver approximately $1 billion of free cash flow in 2017, enabling an increasing dividend, deleveraging and accelerating rate of share repurchases. During the first nine months of 2017, we returned approximately $500 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. These results are clear proof points that were continuing to execute on our strategy for innovating throughout our enterprise, to pricing discipline to returning cash to stockholders. Moving to Slide4. Hurricane Harvey and Irma had a devastating impact on millions of people including some of our employees in Texas City. I'm very proud of how the Eastman team came together at a personal level to help their fellow employees through voluntary relief efforts, supplies and personal donations. Our impacted employees have a long road to recovery and the generosity showed will go a long way towards helping them get back on their feet. Im also proud of our employees for their very hard work to minimize the impact of the hurricanes on our sites and operations in the Gulf region, and most important on our customers. We took the cautionary measures to protect our assets and thankfully our sites do not sustain significant impact. As the hurricanes have severely disrupted the supply chains across the South, our biggest challenges been working to procure raw materials and getting products to our customers. Where we were backward integrated to readily available raw materials such as propane, ethane we remain reliable. In the intermediate such as paraxylene and had to rely on others we faced some challenges. Our ability to avoid disruption and supply our customers is a testament to our competitive advantage through scale and vertical integration. Overall we anticipate the net impact of these events to be relatively neutral. The headwinds in AM from paraxylene challenges and performance films, regional sales in Florida and Texas are largely offset by third quarter tailwinds in our intermediates. On Slide 5 we continue to drive growth from heritage Eastman and from our acquisitions. Non-revenue synergy story from our Taminco acquisition is our accelerated growth in animal nutrition. We've delivered double-digit growth in this space from three lovers. The combined offer of Eastman and Taminco products in the space is more compelling. We've increased our collective commercial execution capability. And we're winning due to our superior reliability compared our competitors. Another innovation success that we have that's very encouraging in our coatings business with Tetrashield for can packaging. The transition away from BPA containing can coatings for food and beverages is accelerating due to combination of new regulations such as Pop 65 in California and evolving consumer demands. Eastman has leverage technology originally developed for Trident polyesters into the Tetrashield brand of BPA-free metal packaging coatings and recent line for us as our customers, Eastman Solutions provide a superior combination of corrosion production and flexibility, critical to this application. The products have recently received regulatory approvals and are qualified by our first customers who expect food protected by Tetrashield-based coatings to be on the store shelves in 2018. Finally, an update regarding our Performance Films platform, we launched some very creative and successful channel strategy in China and North America, which are the two largest markets for performance films. The result is double-digit growth for other dealers and our aftermarket stores. We're winning on how we take the products to market and our value proposition, which is more compelling than our competitors. This is a great illustration of how we dramatically improved and acquired business and commercial execution and delivered additional growth synergies with another acquisition and common oil. These are just three examples of how we're winning through product innovation, commercial execution and integrated technology, proof for our ability to drive synergies and organic growth from acquisitions. With that, I'll turn it over to Curt.
Curt Espeland: Thanks Mark and good morning, everyone. Before I begin I'll mention that all of our segment guidance provided today excludes the financial impact of the recent coal gasification incident as we're still working through the expected impact of the event. With that, I'll start with our third quarter corporate results on Slide 6. Sales revenue grew as increases in additives and functional products, advanced materials and chemical intermediates more than offset a decline in fibers. We continue to do a nice job of driving volume growth in our more specialty product line and we executed well on the pricing front as we realized further positive pricing momentum in the quarter. Excluding fibers, third quarter volume growth was 6% while pricing was up 3%. Operating earnings grew as increases in additives and functional product and chemical intermediates more than offset a decline in fibers. Our operating margin expanded both sequentially and year-over-year as we made good progress offsetting a substantial headwind from higher raw material costs, a very impressive result when you consider the headwinds in fibers. Overall, earnings per share increased year-over-year by 18% reflecting solid operating earnings, as well as actions we've taken to deliver earnings per share growth. These positive results reflect our continued focus on executing our strategy and taking actions to deliver earnings per share growth and what remains a slow growth environment. Moving next to segment results and starting with advanced materials on Slide 7. We delivered approximately 5% earnings growth through the first nine months of the year. For the quarter, sales revenue increased due to improved product mix from higher sales volume of premium products, which was somewhat offset by the hurricane and capacity constraints. Operating earnings were unchanged compared to record earnings achieved in the year ago period. Sequentially our operating margin expanded 100 basis points to approximately 22%. We're pleased with our third quarter 2017 performance especially given the tough year-over-year comp. Overall, these solid results continue advanced materials track record of success and demonstrate the strength of this business in an environment of volatile raw materials and reflects a higher level of returns given the investments that we have made. Our full year outlook has not changed and we continue to expect strong business performance as advanced materials execute its strategy of mid-single digit volume growth, mix improvement of fixed cost leverage. We continue to deliver compelling proof of our ability to drive growth through innovation even in an slow growth macro environment. Now to additives and function products on Slide 8 which had an outstanding quarter. Sales revenue increased 18% primarily due to higher sales volume throughout the segment. For example, this impressive growth came from multiple sources. Our improved commercial execution and heat transfer fluids led to a number of wins in the solar our energy market and the timing of these orders landed mostly in the third quarter. There were strong growth in animal nutrition as Mark already discussed, and strong in tire additives due to innovation in our tire resins and superior operational reliability. We also made progress in improving our pricing and the strength of our value proposition to our customers. Operating earnings increased both year-over-year and sequentially primarily due to higher sales volume. Sequentially we expanded our operating margin 100 basis points to 21%. Looking at full year 2017 we now expect greater than mid-single digit sales volume growth which would be about three or four times end market goal. These volume growth represents innovation and market development initiatives in this segment including fluid solar projects, tire chemicals and tire resin. And we made great progress in offsetting input cost increases with higher selling prices. All in additives and function products is well positioned to deliver strong earnings growth for the year. Now to chemical intermediates on Slide 9, sales revenue increased due to higher selling prices but attributed to higher raw material prices and continued improvement in competitive conditions. Operating earnings increased primarily due to higher selling prices, lower commodity hedge levels and lower operating costs partially offset by higher raw material and energy cost. Looking at the full year of 2017, chemical intermediates team continues to do a good job of recovering from a trough in 2016 as we continue to increase prices to offset higher raw material costs, benefit from lower commodity hedge costs, and reduced manufacturing costs which chemical intermediates receives the largest share. These actions will help to mitigate the anticipated headwind from higher input costs and weakness in ethylene margins during the fourth quarter. Sequentially we expect a decline in earnings due to normal seasonality including lower volumes, higher shut down costs and higher raw material cost. Ill finish up the segment review with fibers on Slide 10, sales revenue decreased primarily due to lower selling prices particularly for acetate tow due to lower industry capacity utilization. Additionally, acetate tow sales volume for the third quarter was flat year-over-year with some anticipated for fourth quarter was realized in the third quarter due to timing of customer shipments. We continue to make great progress in growing our acetate yarn business with double-digit growth in third quarter. Operating earnings declined due to lower selling prices partially offset by lower operating costs. Internationally, in the quarter we benefited from increased intermediates capacity utilization. Looking forward we continue to expect that acetate turbine outside of China will be about flat for the full year relative to last year and our earnings for the segment will be down a little more than 25%. As previously discussed this includes an expectation for second half earnings to be stronger than first half. We are taking all actions within our control to provide stability for this business moving forward and believe we're on track. On Slide 11, Ill transition to an overview of our cash flow and other financial highlights. We continue to do an excellent job of generating cash with operating cash flow over $1 billion. Capital expenditures year-to-date totaled $438 million. We now expect our full year capital expenditures to be approximately $600 million slightly higher than our previous projection. I would note that our strong revenue growth in the second half of the year and the operational incident induce several variables that will have an impact on free cash. Having said that, we're working hard to deliver approximately $1 billion of free cash flow for the year. Looking at the balance sheet, we continue to expect to use $350 million of our free cash flow to reduce debt this year which will mostly occur in the fourth quarter. Additionally we remain committed to returning cash to stockholders. To the first nine months we returned $498 million to $223 million in dividends and $275 million in share repurchases. Our third quarter effective tax rate was 20%, consistent with our expectation that our full year effective tax rate will also be approximately 20%. As a whole, I am pleased with our earnings and cash flow performance so far this year. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Costa: Thanks Curt. On Slide 12, I'll discuss our outlook for 2017. We continue to benefit from our specialty businesses, which we expect will deliver mid-single-digit volume growth, which is about three times the growth rate of the underlying markets. To deliver this we are leveraging innovation and market development initiatives to drive growth in attractive end markets and we're delivering revenue synergies through launching new products and improvements in the commercial business execution capabilities of our acquired businesses. We're also benefiting from our specialty position across the entire mix of M&A and we're realizing a lot of benefits from the superior reliability we're providing to our customers, especially as competitors in China are being shutdown with Chinese enforcing environmental law. We've also taken actions to reduce our cost in a disciplined way, which has allowed us to strategically invest in the long-term growth and further improve our cost structure and we're benefiting from a reduction in commodity hedge costs. We've improved the quality of our balance sheet reducing interest cost and have made further progress in optimizing our business structures so that our effective tax rate this year is expected to be slightly lower than last year. Finally, disciplined capital allocation continues to contribute to growth, including accelerating our share repurchases in 2017 compared to '16. All these actions are helping offset the challenges we continue to face including uncertain global GDP, more than normal volatility and raw material prices and ethylene prices and the challenges we face in fibers. Putting this all together, our expectations for 2017 EPS growth have improved and we are increasing our full year guidance to be solidly at the high end of the 10% to 12% range, excluding the financial impact of the coal gasification incident and we remain committed to over $1 billion of free cash flow, which is one of the most compelling in the industry, especially when you considering we are investing in long-term growth at the same time. Next on Slide 13, as you know in early October we had an operational incident in the coal gasification area for Kingsport Site. First, I want to complement the extraordinary professionalism and safety first focus of operations team. There were no serious injuries and no impact to the environment. This was a significant event and we are very proud of the actions of our team. Second our responses is a superb example of how we both delivered superior reliability for our customers and work to minimize the financial impact that this incident had on earnings. Our terms have worked tirelessly and we've made excellent progress repairing the facility and implementing alternate processes to maintain operations of downstream derivative facilities of coal gasification. We also noted -- we expect the coal gasification area to be operable by the end of the fourth quarter. This along with our mitigating actions is expected to enable full production of our industrial chemicals and derivatives and we expect normal operations of the coal gasification area to resume in early 2018. Third, time an impressive timeline to get back up and it's due to the significant advantages we have in scale and integration at our Tennessee site, which is one of the largest integrated chemical facilities in the United States. For example our integrated production systems across the four segments are enabling complex choices we made across the site, which was essential in avoiding a site wide shutdown at the time of the disruption and running all of the operations after it. Our significant scale enables us to have dedicated experts and large-scale fabrication and engineering resources to repair the facility rapidly. These resources are also enabling us to bring online backup capacity at the site and from sources around the world. Our scale and supply chain and procurement is also playing a critical role in servicing material and balancing the needs with customers. We also deeply appreciate the support from skilled colleagues outside of Tennessee and many contractors who are helping accomplish repairs in three months who might take other companies 12 months. While the company continues to assess the financial impact of this incident, the net impact is expected to reduce operating earnings between $50 million and $100 million with approximately $100 million in costs in the fourth quarter of 2017 partially offset by the insurance recovery expected in the first half of 2018. Regarding how the financial impact will flow across the segments, our cellulosic stream is complicated in how it's intertwined across the segments and will take us some time to work through the flows across the segments. Directionally we should expect the impact to be greater in fibers in CI than in AFP and AM. On Slide 14 let me summarize where we are. We have a strong portfolio specialty businesses from which we expect to deliver approximately 70% of our earnings. We are continuing to create our own growth to excelling innovation, improving commercial execution across our businesses and improving our product mix. We are committed to using every lever we have in this uncertain environment and we're returning a very strong free cash to stockholders. I also want to take another moment to say how proud I am of all the Eastman employees. We are building a long-term innovation driven growth company is extremely hard to cut cost aggressively at the same time. I deeply appreciate how everyone is driving for cost improvements, and fighting for each and every revenue dollar. If those challenges were not enough, our teams are doing a brilliant job of managing through the significant challenges of coal gas incident and hurricanes to keep us on track to deliver compelling top and bottom-line growth. Also Eastman are committed to delivering both short term earnings growth and building a company that will also deliver growth in the long-term. Well talk more about our outlook for 2018 on our fourth quarter call in January. But I believe its important now for you to understand where we're confident about delivering stronger earnings growth and strong free cash in 2018. Last since morning we are announcing that will host an Investor Day in New York, the morning of Tuesday, February 6. During this day we will discuss how innovation and market development initiatives have contributed to our growth and as we've been investing in these areas will continue to do so. How we generate significant organic growth volume and earning over the last several years and then how we've added to this with attractive acquisitions. Our integration skills critical in driving the topline growth and superior margins for the company. And then how we expect to continue to add to our EPS growth to allocation of a very strong free cash flow. we will be sending out more detail shortly. I hope you will be a over joyous. And with that, Ill turn it back to Greg.
Greg Riddle: Thanks Mark. We've got a lot of people on the line this morning and we'd like to get to as many questions as possible. So please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. With that Silvia, we are ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from the queue. Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Vincent Andrews: Mark as we look into '18, there is a lot of sentiment out there in a broader investment community at least that - the macro economy is improving and underlying markets had some momentum and then going into '18, I recognize your points about this but youre growing well in excess of the market. So I am just wondering as you look across your various segments may be excluding fibers and to lesser extent. Are you seeing underlying trends improve and do you think - I know you have macro sort of as a headwind in the slide deck but do you think were getting to point where maybe it's not going to be headwind anymore?
Mark Costa: Certainly we are proud of how we are creating our growth and growing much faster than the underlying markets and especially in businesses this year and we would certainly expect to do the same next year. As far as improving macro economic conditions, I cant say we are seeing much of that yet. Europe I would describe as solid but not exactly exciting growth. Europe is showing some signs of recovery. Asia is growing a bit faster than the rest of the world and we are seeing some benefits beyond innovation growth which weve been very focused on to benefiting from supply disruptions thats given some additional volume growth especially as the Chinese have enforced environmental law that impacted the competitors that we faced there proving the value of our reliability to our customers, and we're picking up some shares as a result of that. But I wouldnt call that macro.
Vincent Andrews: And then just a question in AM, I know you got 3% price in AFP and then price was flat in AM, is there a reason why you would do better on pricing in one of the segments versus the other.
Mark Costa: First of all the raw material dynamics are quite different in two different segments and the strategies are also a little bit different. So in AFP you've seen a much bigger increase in raw materials that go into that segment and the pricing has been more aggressive in covering those increases. So that's part of the dynamic where the raw materials have been more flattish, with just a slight increase in AM. So we feel good about the pricing that we're getting in AFP. We feel that we're making good progress in covering a raw material costs. We're extremely excited about the volume growth that we saw in that segment in the third quarter building to a strong second half of the year as we had forecasted earlier in the year.
Curt Espeland: And 180 basis points of margin improvement sequentially there is testament of how we're driving the business forward. In AM we had 100 basis point improvement in margins as we went sequentially from second to third quarters. So we feel good about how we're managing our margins. You have to remember that the interlayer business has annual contracts. So there is no pricing changes in that business once you set those contracts in place from last fall and so we're getting some price up in the poly business as we would expect with the market and making some other choices and some other businesses. So overall we feel good about it and it's on track.
Operator: And now we'll take our next question from the queue Bob Koort from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Gavin Trebilcock: Hi. This is Gavin on for Bob. Congratulations on the quarter and I was wondering if you could drill down a little deeper on the point for your Chinese production curtailment and if you've any sustainability of that trend? And then for the follow-up can you give us any more color on your expectation for the propane hedged roll out for 2018 can you quantify that?
Mark Costa: So on the Chinese front, the Chinese Government has had environmental laws in the books for a long time and we're very encouraged to see that they're enforcing these laws and improving the quality of operations in China for the benefit of the environment of China and planet as well as creating more level competitive playing field. And so there is a number of companies that are not in chemical parks who are facing stricter enforcement and they have a choice to either shut down in many cases or move to chemical parks. So as we're seeing it in a number of companies are being curtailed in production or being totally shut down, some of which will move to chemical park at some point and some may not. There is no way to predict that, but we certainly see there is benefit continuing into 2018 as it's played out so far this year.
Curt Espeland: Yes. Good morning. This is Curt. On the hedge, let me just cover '17 and we'll talk about '18 impact. Year to date, the benefit of the commodity hedges rolling off is about $90 million year-over-year that was $30 million in the third quarter. Now keep in mind that benefit is still being offset by a lower commodity -- lower currency hedges not roughly year-to-date $20 million. So propane stays where it is today. The impact for 2017 over '16 being in that $0.50 to $0.60 set range, but the offsetting impact of lower currency hedges is also little different that's probably now more like $0.15 to $0.20. So the net impact is going to be roughly $0.40 to $0.45 on a year-over-year basis, pretty similar to what we've talked before. As you go on to 2018, if propane end of the year will stay where they are today, the impact of hedging is no longer going to be a material part of our story. Going into 2018 when you're analyzing our year-over-year operating results.
Operator: And now we'll take our next question from the queue P. J. Juvekar from Citi. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Eric Petrie: This is Eric for P.J. And is that materials you talked about strong double-digit growth in performance films, what other volume trends are you seeing in specialty plastics and in interlayers business growth overall growth slowed to 1%.
Mark Costa: So we continue to see very strong volume growth in our premium products. So in acoustics and heads up display interlayers, we're also seeing double-digit growth. The trading growth is still solid, but constrained a little bit by capacity constraints. That's why we're building this new Triton expansion is to position ourselves for growth. And last year was an incredibly strong quarter in Triton for a year-over-year comp. So overall, we see the things have been driving. The mix upgrade and the growth in the segment continuing. We saw some slower growth, some of our tradition co-polyesters, which is of no concern. We see it improving as we go into the fourth quarter. And we also took an impact on some of our sales and performance films in Florida and Texas with hurricanes and impact and those are two largest states in the U.S. for these out. So overall we feel great feel about the quarter and the improvement in the earnings. And we feel very much on track for stronger via earnings growth in the fourth quarter.
Eric Petrie: And as follow-up and is AFP draw volumes up strongly 14% is that sustainable going forward or did you see some customers building inventories and then any outliers in terms of product line like coatings or at least the present?
Mark Costa: So were very excited about very strong 14% volume growth in the quarter and it really came through a number of factors. First of all, we are seeing good strong volume growth across the segment. I wouldn't call it inventory building at all it just good strong growth. There are a few areas where we had exceptionally high growth. As Curt mentioned we had a number of our wins in the solar fills so these are in projects you win two to three years ago in the engineering construction phase of the big so were concentrating facility. And when they finally brings the facility online you get a big order to fill that plant with the heat transfer fluid. And we worked hard to call the timing of those fills and we thought it would be spread more between third and fourth quarter and a lot of that really came into the third quarter that's part of the story. Another part of the story is just great commercial execution in a revenue synergy with Taminco combining our products with their products improving the commercial team there really driving hard for results and seeing very strong growth in our nutrition and I would also mention personal care as well has benefited from those activities. And the third is tire resins where innovations driving a lot of growth for their customers and this environmental enforcement in China has also benefited us and some share relative to competitors there. So those three were big drivers. We still expect pretty strong volume growth year-over-year in the fourth quarter as we go to 2018 number of those drivers were moderate that we're driving a lot of the exceptional growth, but we still see a way to deliver mid-single digit volume growth next year as we sort of concentrate and consolidate some of these wins we have this year.
Operator: And now we will take our next question from the queue, Aleksey Yefremov from Numora Eastman. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Aleksey Yefremov: Curt, the guidance that you are now currently solidly at the high end of the range at about 12%, does this leave room to exceed that that high end at this appear or EBIT to a fairly optimistic but it could be above the high-end?
Curt Espeland: No, we solidly thats on purpose but we think were solidly at the high end of that range for 2017 and that's kind of where were expecting and recall thats before the impact of the operational.
Mark Costa: The other thing Ill notice well do our best now as well as in the fourth quarter call to make sure you understand how we've delivered attractive earnings growth consistent with our guidance pre-event and then with the event caused and so you can really see the strength of what were doing that of this sort of one-time event.
Aleksey Yefremov: I guess as follow up to this, could you help us the build the bridge from third quarter to the fourth quarter what are the biggest areas where things are decelerating in terms of margin or volume and may be some are improving?
Mark Costa: Yes, first of all I want to emphasize that we just raised our guidance. That we're feeling better on the full year basis obviously we had an extraordinary third quarter we still expect a very good fourth quarter. When we think about third to fourth quarter sequentially there's always normal seasonality where volumes drop off across most of our businesses, that happens every year. So there is that we should all have in your forecast as normal. As we look at the dynamics across the four segments, we expect earnings growth in three of the four segments and we expect strong earnings growth in AM and AFP with fibers having sort of meaningful drop from third quarter fourth quarter as Curt mentioned in our prepared remarks., the fibers business is a bit chunky in how customers orders can come in sometimes, we also had some exceptional high asset utilization in the third quarter on our asset yields that benefited fibers that wont repeat in the fourth quarter. And so when you see that come off that you should really be thinking about fibers on a second half basis for the quality of their earnings of this business, which is going to be better than the first half and a testament to an improvement and stabilization of this business. So overall I think when you do that math, you can walk through how the quarter comes out, but strong growth year-over-year and volumes for AFP is expected in the first quarter, chemical intermediates will come off as Curt noted in his remarks. But it will still be year-over-year
Operator: Thank you. And now we take our next question from the queue, Laurence Alexander from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Daniel Rizzo: Its Daniel Rizzo how are you? You mentioned some different new products like Tetrashield and animal nutrition segment doing well and growing at double-digit. I was just wondering if you could quantify what that means in terms of revenue? Is it very meaningful yet or is it still in the early stages?
Mark Costa: Well Tetrashield is in the early stages. It's a great story of how we take complex technologies, Tritan and Tetrashield are an integration of polyester acetyl and olefin chemistry to create a very unique product and as Trident and it turns out incredible performance in the coatings market relative to what's available out there. We've talked a lot about automotive where we've already had some wins and momentum but it's still low volumes. The can packaging area is just going commercial as I mentioned. It has to do -- it have much faster volume growth rate given the pressures for getting BPA coatings out of the cans and we believe our solution with Tetrashield is superior to all the other non-BPA solutions in the market. So we could actually see some meaningful growth over next couple years but it takes a while to get to that did and build that volume growth.
Curt Espeland: And these are just components across all the different innovation programs that are contributing to our business clauses and that's why we think we're going to be adding 2% to our company revenue off these innovation programs and I can tell you I am excited about as telling that story on February 5.
Daniel Rizzo: And then just in terms of the stuff innovation, I think in the past we've talked about just different uses for fiber and innovation there. I was just wondering if you could provide color on where we are with that program or cost base.
Curt Espeland: Great progress on that front as well. We're already seeing strong growth in our in our acetate yarn business with double-digit growth this year versus last year. Our latest acetate yarn, Naia, which is an improved version of what we have in the market for a while is getting great interest. We're getting commercial orders and very excited about building in that space and those are in that businesses have decent margins. We also are making some great progress in a few other applications that we're very close to getting the commercial orders on and should have them done by Investor Day and we'll tell you more about those applications when we get there. I think we're making great progress on getting the assets. Now I would note that this is a great example of the strength of our diversity and scale, with the great specialty capability we have in application development and fundamental work we're always doing in cellulosics in AM and AFP, we're able to shift those resources on to this project a couple years ago, few years ago I guess now with the priority to find new applications accelerate growth and it's just amazing to see the progress and a real testament to the strength of having a diverse portfolio.
Operator: And now we'll take our next question from the queue Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Jeff Zekauskas: I am interested in how you calculate the $50 million to $100 million hit from the coal gasification incident? Is it the case that this is a nonrecurring item from management compensation or is it a recurring item? And so if it's a recurring item, are there reversals of management compensation in the fourth quarter that have to do with your actual earnings being diminished? How much is maintenance cost? Is all of this factored in and are there extra capital costs outside of the $50 million $100 million that you're speaking of?
Curt Espeland: Well Jeff there is a variety of questions in there, but let me try to address of that as best I can. First of all when we think about the nature of the operating costs you need to really think about this kind of three areas of impact. First is just higher operating costs being offset by our business interruption insurance. So we do anticipate higher operating cost which is due to a lower utilization rate higher raw material cost et cetera we will be working with our insurance partner but these costs should be generally covered with our business interruption policy after we meet our $75 million deductible. The second bucket of cost is the cost to repair and replace the damage property plant equipment which is going to be also will be working with our insurance partner but should be generally covered by our property insurance after a $5 million deductible. And then finally in the fourth quarter we had to be mindful on the accounting nuances that could be triggered because of this event and some of the impact of utilization rates and reduction of inventories. And so as an example and I kind of kid myself actually to say this but we might have life of decrement because of this event and that may because were not going to charge in the fourth quarter. So again when we put all these various complexities together from a timing standpoint were still analyzing whats going to get hung up on the balance sheet what close to the income statement et cetera. But our best estimate right now is that will have roughly $100 million cost impact on the fourth quarter and then that we will see that partially offset with an insurance recovery in 2018. And when I think about 2018 I know it will probably be a net positive insurance recovery over cost it's as hard to say whether that will be material number or not as we look at it.
Mark Costa: Jeff when it comes to impact on compensation you know as management team we will take the hit for these costs it will be included in our calculations. The thing I would like to focus though and just go back to sort of the story of this event its obviously very serious we take it very seriously and were going to learn from it but I am just incredibly proud about how the teams have come together to sort of bring this plant back up and incredibly short time frame and make sure that customers are being protected as best we possible can through all this where were going to have a very limited sales impact. When I talked about complex collaboration across the four segments I just want to share a few examples around sort of what we've been doing. The truth is that we have to make her incredibly complicated you can imagine the Atlanta air traffic control systems managing all the needs of all the different airlines were making in complex our choice is daily and how to balance production and steam and power across 80 operating units that are associated acetyls at our Tennessee site out of the 120 units we have at the site and normal times we are in the site greater than 95% utilization there is just no room for error. And when you have a massive disruption at the front of the system like a massive storm you need incredible collaboration and unlike the airlines fortunately were not canceling flights downstream or progress operations its just a true testament of how we run a complex integrated site. And when we talk about scale and expertise in engineering and construction I want to also highlight a couple examples. At this time we have such scale we can afford to have a state-of-the-art large fabrication facility its what we call big shop. We lost pipe version in this explosion we built on-site and commission the replacement of it has over a mile of pipe in five days which is just incredible we've drones flying in the damaged facility the day after the incident identifying the damage to equipment within two days of the event we were fabricating in the big shop replacement parts. And we couldnt even get into the building for another week and a half. So on top of it moving quickly we have over 500 employees and contractors working on repairing facility looks like an anthill over there. And we can only that because the scale of our site with the flex we can do with resources. We got busloads of mechanics even driving up from Texas pitching and to help on this situation. The other companies just couldnt this they would have go outside engineering support or other people fabrication shops unless they had our scale. The bottom line the point of all this is we review the liability as exceptionally important for our customers where were someone we can always count on. And in addition of those repairs you know we have backup facilities and hydrate where we bringing those up in record time. We set new production records on our largest and hydrate side thats 20% above that historical performance and brought that site from what was already operating at a low level to running 360% faster in two weeks. So great set of examples I could go on for another hour and I am going to cut myself off, but we do take this seriously were not happy about it but I'm really proud of what we've done and it's a real testament to the value scale and integration.
Jeff Zekauskas: So it sounds like that free cash flow then for the year will be somewhere between $900 million and $1 billion depending on the cost of all of this. It also sounds like that when you start 2018, you're not going to be fully up and running. That is it will be some penalty in the first quarter I want to know if those are true and can you say what actually happened like what caused the explosion?
Curt Espeland: So let me talk about the cash flows Jeff. It's still lot of moving parts. So it's tough to call the exact timing of cash flow at this point on the operational incident, but for fourth quarter we're assuming to be that it will be somewhat neutral as the cash impact of higher operating cost is being offset by further declines in the inventory beyond what we normally do. So again while there is these various moving parts, we're working hard to still deliver $1 billion in free cash flow and I think it will be more towards that billion quite honestly Jeff the $900 million you threw out there. And even if we're going to need to rebuild that inventory in 2018 I'm also confident we're going to grow free cash flow in 2018 given the quality of our portfolio and the discipline of our cash by the Eastman team. On the first quarter again it's hard to predict the earnings impact again at some cost that will continue in '18 versus the insurance recovery, but when I look at it today, it still will be -- the insurance recovery will exceed the additional operating cost that we still may have lingering in the next year in that first half of year. So I still see this as a net positive impact on '18 versus the negative impact you're seeing in the fourth quarter.
Mark Costa: Two things I want to emphasize on this question Jeff is one, we are done extraordinary efforts in preventing any disruption to customer's downstream of the coal gasification operations. So with the back-up facilities we have with their sources alternative raw materials we can access around the planet, we brought those assets back up and operating combined with the inventory we had in hand to make sure we're serving all of our customers from the event through the fourth quarter and into next year. So the sales disruption is going to be primarily related to asset deals which is very small percentage of our revenue inside TI. So that's point one. Point two is we're still in the process of investigating and understanding the incident that caused it and how we make sure it doesn't happen again. So we're not going to comment about at this point, but you can rest assured that we're doing it.
Operator: Thank you. And then we'll take our next question from the queue Frank Mitsch from Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Frank Mitsch: Curt when you mentioned, when you were asked the question about solidly at the high end of the 10% to 12% obviously in my opinion you're not going to use that comment but to me that was a euphemism that you're going to neither exceed that 12%. Regardless you're going to be down about $50 million to $100 million because of Kingsport, which begs the question Mark, you said during the call that you expect strong EPS growth in 2018 and given the fact that you're going to be negatively impacted by $50 million to $100 million in Q4, which will regard the actual EPS growth in 2017. What basis were you using that strong EPS growth off of the basis of Kingsport didn't happen and you would be comping strong EPS off of a 12% plus EPS growth or a lower level. I was just trying to understand that?
Mark Costa: Yes Frank, that goes back to a comment I made a moment ago. We make sure we're really clear about the strength and value we're creating in earnings growth and cash flow this year as well as how we're building on that for next year. So my outlook comments are pre-event. So like you just noted our guidance suggest around 12% growth this year and our earnings growth being strong is on top of that number. It is not taking the event as a special benefit to get to that number. So we're still on track as we look at next year and consistent with the outlook we've had in the past, nothing has changed about delivering that 8% to 12% growth in what we've been talking about for the year. It comes from strong growth in the specialties through continuing to have that mid-single-digit growth rate 2X the underlying markets mix upgrade within it driving a lot of growth. Next year we expect fibers to be stable to this year. So not having that headwind. Maybe we'll have a little upside in fibers with all the new application growth that we're pursuing. As always we're going to continue to manage cost aggressively and continue to be focused on capital allocation for our shareholders. So continuing an increasing dividend and share repurchases that should accelerate as we go into next year and so all are good drivers for growth pre-event on top of what we do this year. It will be offset by some higher costs but we have a very large shutdown coming in Texas next year. We have the growth investments for making we have so many - innovation platforms taking off right now. Were ramping up resources to support that growth in the customer trials and sales efforts to go with it. And of course were going to have the fixed costs associated with the three large special capacity additions we've done in the PVD, Crystex and Tritan. And then were assuming on the macro uncertainties. Were assuming sort of stable oil and the raw material that go with it stable currency to where we are now. And were assuming GDP sort of growth around this year's level in a bit those are all sort of assumptions and we know there is a lot of uncertainty. And so that's all sort of before the incident and then well work through the math to make sure it clarity about the impact that we still had on earnings this fourth quarter as well it will have an impact next year.
Curt Espeland: And Frank just to make that we clarify anything in the marketplace. The impact of the event on operating costs and the recovery of insurance will be included in our published result. What were going to do as you would expect these are going to do were going to be as transparent as we can so that you can actually see what the impact of the underlying business is doing despite those costs and insurance recoveries. And youll see that growth rate that Marks talking about.
Frank Mitsch: I thought you proved a little bit the business in Europe, sales in Europe were up I think 21% year-over-year some of that is going to be currency but can you talk a little bit about the space of business that you're seeing over in that part of the world and how sustainable that might be?
Mark Costa: Yes to be clear I was just commenting of what I think is the macroeconomic conditions Europe we are actually driving a lot of growth in Europe well above the macro and it was thats the only performance for the region. Most of the solar fills that I talked about occurred in the Middle East. So that was part of the driver we say Europe, Middle East and Africa is our region so you have to remember its all of that. And so part of the solar fills, part of what is that great commercial execution I talked about Taminco and driving personal care and nutrition growth lot of that occurred in Europe, as well as a lot of the share growth we had in tires was also occurring in Europe. And we had a mix benefit until favor Europe as well where we had more there and some less still in other places. So all that sort of came together to give you a lot of strength. The macro is fine there and automotive growth has been reasonably good as a tailwind in Europe for us but I wouldnt say we see a very strong improvement yet.
Operator: And now we will take our next question from John Roberts from UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
John Roberts: I assume youre keeping the derivative units running in Kingsport by importing acetyl acid into the facility. Do you pay market price for that or are you able to swap to be able to get that and youll return the swaps later on?
Curt Espeland: First of all most of our derivatives units are running on silicon hydride. So acid is something we cant convert into the hydride with some of facilities. So we are bringing a lot of acid into the side to make silicon hydride. And so we are doing everything we can to sort of keep all downstream derivative unit running which we will be able to do and meet customer needs.
Mark Costa: And the cost is going to be what the market will bear, I mean those things were having to do with those logistics starts were bringing in and thats all been factored into the estimates I provided.
John Roberts: And I apologize I jumped on a little bit late, but did anyone ask the obligatory question for an update on the Longview monetization strategy?
Mark Costa: John youre the lucky winner today. So just to give you an update, divesting our excess ethylene position as I said before is still one of the main priorities for us as well as potentially some of our commodity ethylene product lines. Again as we talked before the vast majority of olefins volatility is from this ethylene position. So we are really working hard to try to get something done. We continue to have a number of engaged parties and we are working diligently to see if we can get a transaction completed. As I also mentioned before were exploring different options which could include sales, joint venture or other type of structures. So this combined with kind of the continued challenging market conditions has made this process take much longer than I would prefer.
Curt Espeland: And to be clear though, we are committed to getting this ethylene volatility out of the portfolio and so we're going to get this done.
Operator: Thank you. So now we'll take our next question from the queue, David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is now.
David Begleiter: Mark on your 2018 guidance, when you say strong earnings growth, is that similar to what we did in '17 i.e. up roughly 10% to 12%?
Mark Costa: It's a little early to get into the specifics on the bridge of '17 to '18 and where we would be in that range, 12% is phenomenal growth this year. Some of it is being driven by some exceptional volume like solar fluid sales for example that what will repeat in that '18 but won't repeat in '19. We have another big slog coming in '19. So there is certain dynamics on that side. The upper half of the range I don't know if that's likely at this stage from what we know. We'll have to see how it all comes together and we'll give you lot more detail in January, but you have to give us a bit of a break on this one, where we have so much going on right now. We're spending most of our time making sure we do with the event deliver great results and cash flow in the fourth quarter and position ourselves well for growth next year.
David Begleiter: Very good and Curt just on the Q4 free cash to make it $1 billion target you need to have a pretty big Q4, is that just from a release of working capital from the finished goods and do you have enough visibility to say where theyll come from specifically?
Mark Costa: Sure, again in the fourth quarter, is typically our large cash generating quarter as we do release working capital due to seasonality in the businesses. I also mentioned that the operations incident we actually think it will be cash neutral. We'll actually be reducing inventory that will offset some of the operating costs. Maybe another way to look at it is may be this is compared to fourth quarter '16 to what we're kind of expecting now. If you look at fourth quarter of '16 we generated $289 million of free cash flow if you adjust for that $150 million of pension. If you also look at our CapEx, it's roughly going to be $600 million. if you look at that seasonally compared to '16, we're actually expecting $90 million roughly or lower capital expenditures in the fourth quarter of '17. So when you do that math, all we need to generate free cash flow above last year's fourth quarter, either in working capital or other operating cash flows is about $50 million to achieve that $1 billion cash flow. So that's how I look at it. We do have good visibility. There is some sensitivities that we're managing through but our goal is to work towards that billion dollars of free cash flow and grow up further 2019.
Greg Riddle: Let's make the next question the last one please.
Operator: Thank you, Sir. So the last question is coming from Kevin McCarthy from Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Kevin McCarthy: Have you begun to receive propylene from enterprises PDH unit or when would you expect that to happen and given the surge in propylene, is there perhaps a greater benefit than we might've thought earlier this year?
Mark Costa: Kevin, we're not exactly sure when the enterprise will come up and be effective. You would have to ask them. But we certainly are expecting to have that asset supplying us as we go into next year at some point. The benefits to us are going to be somewhat limited in the current conditions where propane price are at this time point relative to where we were originally.
Kevin McCarthy: And then as a follow-up can you comment on your utilization levels in Triton and your plans to expand capacity in 2018 and can we assume for example that the incident at Kingsport has no bearing on that timeline?
Mark Costa: Yes, the incident at Kingsport has no impact on bringing the Trident capacity up online, which we expect to do as we move finish the fourth quarter and the first quarter and the utilization at the moment is very high. We have tremendous growth and interest in that product. We're trying to support all of our customers and their desire to growth with us and that's why we make such a significant investment in doubling their capacity. So we're feeling good about that business.
Mark Costa: Just to wrap up as we close the call out, just want to put in a little bit of a commercial break for Investor Day. We're really excited about the track record we've been building and excited about what we can offer as we go forward in growing the company. And we think we've actually set up a great track record and we'll share a lot more of this with you as we get to the Investor Day. But if you look at the past three years or back to 2014, we delivered tremendous organic growth and value from our acquisition. If you back out sort of the macro headwinds of oil currency and fibers, youd see that would be about $10 a share this year which should be 16% CAGR versus 2010 when we started this transformation, as well as 12% CAGR again 2013. So well share a lot more with how that works. How you can see the organic growth and the value of the acquisitions in our portfolio, and we are really proud of how weve managed our portfolio aggressively well ahead of the current trend divesting about 3.5 billion of revenue, almost half of it when you go back to - so when we did it and adding some great specialty businesses. And I will work you through how we developed a very compelling organic growth engine that has three components to it around deep market connect, world class technology platforms and application development capability that bodes it together and the role of scale and integration plays and making it all that happen. So, I think it's going to be an existing day. Were really looking forward just working through our details so you can really better understand the growth weve delivered in the past and to be clear, I was also - the only reason I bring out this macro adjustment is, so that you're going to understand all these headwinds stabilize going forward our ability to drive growth as we move forward. But we are looking forward for it. Thank you.
Greg Riddle: Silvia, that concludes our remarks.
Operator: Thank you. So ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's Eastman Chemical Company's third quarter 2017 conference call. Thank you for participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Riddle - VP, IR and Communications Mark Costa - Chairman and CEO Curt Espeland - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Kevin McCarthy - Vertical Research Partners David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank P. J. Juvekar - Citi Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Frank Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan Arun Vishwanathan - RBC Capital Markets Aleksey Yefremov - Numora and Securities Jim Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Laurence Alexander - Jefferies John Roberts - UBS Mike Sison - KeyBanc Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Matthew Fisher - Barclays
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company Second Quarter 2017 Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman's website, www.eastman.com. We'll now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle from of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Greg Riddle: Okay. Thank you, Anthony, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Curt Espeland, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Louis Reavis, Manager, Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's second quarter 2017 financial results news release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-K quarter filed for the first quarter 2017 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for second quarter 2017. Second, our second quarter and first six months 2017 earnings per share referenced in this presentation using adjusted provision for income taxes and certain prior period earnings also exclude certain non-core items. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including the description of the adjusted items are available in the second quarter 2017 financial results news release, which can be found on our website, www.eastman.com in the Investors section. Projection of future earnings also exclude any non-core, unusual, or non-recurring items and assume that the adjusted tax rate for first quarter 2017 will be the actual tax rate for the projected periods. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Costa : Good morning, everyone. I'll start on slide 3. We continue to make great progress in execution our strategy with second quarter operating results that were consistent with our expectations. The results demonstrate the strength of our specialty portfolio with continued volume growth of premium products and advanced materials and additives and functional products. As I said many times before, we are creating our own growth through innovation and leadership in specialty markets. Were seeing excellent progress in converting our top innovation programs into commercial orders across AM and AFP. In the first half, we delivered 7% volume growth in our specialty businesses, which is 2 to 3 times the underlying market.  In a few moments, I'll share examples of just a few of the ways we winning the customers through innovation and our enhanced commercial capabilities. In addition to this specialty volume growth, we have done a great job implementing price increases to offset higher raw material costs especially in the intermediates. And we will see more of the benefits of these actions as we move into the second half of the year.  From the cost management front, we continue to make great progress further improving our low-cost position, which is already within the lowest cost quartality industry. These actions enable us to invest some of our savings to accelerate our growth programs and improve our cost structure going forward.  Our cash engine continues to generate impressive free cash flow as we remain on track to deliver approximately $1 billion of free cash flow in 2017, enabling an increasing dividend, deleveraging and an accelerating rate of share repurchases. During the first half of 2017, we returned approximately $325 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. These results demonstrate that we continue to execute on what we can control. From the innovating through our enterprise, to pricing discipline, to returning cash to our stakeholders.  Moving on to slide 4, we continue to upgrade the quality of our product mix by increasing revenue of high margins specialty products through innovation and market development. These initiatives are accelerating as more customers validate our innovative differentiated products which is driving today and into the future. One of our recent innovation success is our main launch of TREVA a proprietary engineered bioplastic in advanced materials based on our cellulosics which meets the improved and sustainability profile and performance needs of brands, fabricators, molders and other companies across the value chain.  Our innovative engineered bioplastic which leverage our nearly hundred years of cellulosic expertise. A superior in chemical resistance, dimensional stability and has excellent flow, all while being source from sustainably managed for us.  Our customer treats it as the first genuine engineered biopolymer ever introduced in the marketplace. And we can provide this polymer in scale today which most alternatives cannot offer. This is a great example of what we can accomplish when we focus on creating our own growth. I'm extremely proud of the innovation team who brought this breakthrough from development an idea to launch in a record time of less than two years.  Another innovation in market development success is our Saflex heads up display interlayer within Advanced materials. We've long been a leader in the attractive market that has been growing our head sales by about 35% through the first six months of 2017 versus last year. Looking forward, we are launching our next generation head up display product this year, which will improve image clarity, for taller for driver positions and windshields with complex curvatures which is becoming a bigger and bigger trend in the market.  Through our experience in working jointly with glass manufacturers and OEMs we know how to enable best in class head optics as well as ensure a smooth launch of each head vehicle program. This success is a great example of the value of integration across technology platforms as it requires the integration of acquired PVD technology with our heritage plasticizer technology and optical expertise on specialty plastics.  Finally, an update regarding our tire resins platform for additives and functional products. With new fuel economy standards coming in 2020, tire manufacturers are needing higher performing additives to maintain performance and safety standards. We are uniquely qualify to meet this need and have actually commercialized the new family proprietary resins for a leading global tire manufacturer and are sampling a full range of resins with selected innovation partners.  Lastly tire resins already delivered double digit volume growth over 2015. We expect that to accelerate for approximately 20% growth this year with margins above corporate average.  This is on a great example of revenue synergy from an acquired company which brought a strong market connect and application development capability combined with our unique resin technology platform. Impera tire resins, Saflex HUD and TREVA are just three of the success stories that are part of our larger innovation of market development portfolio. On slide 5 is a higher-level look of our impressive innovation and market development portfolio. Our success in building this impressive innovation portfolio over the last five years is based on the integration of three critical capabilities that our competitors do not have. World class technology platforms where we are by far the R&D leaders as well as having a far superior manufacturing scale and reliability. Advantage application development capability be a true development partner with our customers. Were also realizing compelling benefits from the significant investment which has been critical to all of our market application launches. And a deep market connect which is enabled by strong market share leadership and long history of customers. These three capabilities are required to embrace market complexity and convert it into value which is the only way you win long-term in a specialty business where you produce molecules.  And this page provides the others how this program is working across the company. Were seeing compelling customer validation of these innovative differentiated and often patented products which enables strong growth into the future. In 2016, we delivered innovation and market development adding greater than 2% to our corporate revenue and were on track to exceed that commitment in 2017. With the great success were having, we are raising the growth rate to greater than 2% from our previous 1 to 2% commitment on innovation and market development. On slide 6, Eastmans competitive advantage is also based on a very unique capability relative to specialty competitors. Our vertical and horizontal integration is a critical advantage to our success in an increasingly competitive world. Its much more than just a substantial cost advantage. It enables innovation, reliability, operational excellence and dampens earnings volatility. Our greatest success stories innovation over decades have come from integration across technology streams. Our most differentiated cellulose specialties include an integration of asset yields and propylene derivatives. TREVA is another example of the integration of our polyester stream with asset yields and olefin platforms. And we are extending this technology into Tetrashield which is a recently introduced protective coating resin to help AFP accelerate their growth. There are many other examples on the previous slide about integrations, the key enabler renovation in market development portfolio.  For liability and security supply and specialties is essential to our customers, especially for our mini-proprietary products. Integration back to readily available raw materials and the operational expertise enabled by large integrated sites allows to have an outstanding reliability record as we have not had a force measuring over 20 years.  Of course, we have a significant scale and cost advantage from keeping large integrated sites running full that cascade throughout the streams into multiple product lines. This benefits our margins and allows us to be competitive and support our growth programs.  Were also adept at developing higher value products and leveraging our existing asset base to make them. For example, Tritan is made from a former PET asset and the heads-up display is made of the same assets as standard interlayers at much higher margins. And integration can help to diminish earnings volatility at the corporate level. Second quarter was an example of this as chemical remediate industry help to offset the timing of recovery of raw materials in the specialties.  Although we value integration, this does not mean that we won't make the right portfolio choices. Our history of divesting approximately $3.5 billion of revenue since 2004 attest to that. And we remain very committed to working to divest at a minimum or excess definitely or potentially its derivatives. With that said, we see our integration as a source of value and a key enabler of innovation and cost reductions today and into the future.  With that, I'll turn it over to Curt. 
Curt Espeland: Alright, thanks Mark. I'll start with our second quarter corporate results on slide 7. Sales revenue grew as increases in additives and functional products, Advanced Materials and chemical intermediates more than offset the decline in fibers. We did a nice job of driving volume growth in our more specialty product lines. And we are able to raise prices in our chemical intermediate segments to offset higher raw material and energy costs. For the company, selling prices continue to improve sequentially and for the quarter we're up more than 3% year-over-year.  Operating earnings grew as increases in Advanced Materials and chemical intermediates are more than offset and declines in other areas, more than offset I should say. Our operating margin expanded both sequentially and year-over-year as we made good progress offsetting a material headwind from higher raw material cost. Overall, earnings per share increased year-over-year by 18% reflecting solid operating earnings and other actions taken to deliver earnings per share growth. These positive results reflect our continued focus on managing the things we can control and taking actions to deliver earnings per share growth and what remains an uncertain global business environment.  Moving next to the segment results with Advanced Materials on slide 8, which delivered a strong first half of the year. For the quarter, sales revenue increased due to higher sales volume across the segment including premium products listed here on this slide.  Operating earnings increased primarily due to higher sales volume and fixed cost leverage partially offset by higher raw material and energy cost. Despite the headwind from higher raw material costs, Advanced Materials expanded its operating margin both sequentially and year-over-year. Sequentially, we delivered a 13% increase in earnings driven by volume growth, mixed improvement and fixed cost leverage. This marks another strong six months for Advanced Materials as first half operating earnings increased 8% or $18 million driven by a 6% increase in sales volume and lower unit cost due to higher capacity utilization. As a result, first half 2017 operating margin increased to 20% and at approximately 60 basis points improvement over the first half of '16 which demonstrates the strength of this business in an environment of increasing raw materials and reflects the level of returns this business deserves given the investments we are making. Overall solid results, which continues Advanced Materials' track record of success.  For the back half of the year, underlying business performance should remain strong as Advanced Materials continues to execute its strategy of mid-single digit volume growth, mixed improvement and fixed cost leverage. We are delivering compelling proof of our ability to drive growth through innovation even at slow growth macro environment.  Now to additives in functional products on slide 9 where results were in line with our expectations. Sales revenue increased year-over-year due to higher sales volume and higher selling prices for most product lines. Operating earnings declined as higher raw material and energy cost more than offset the impact of higher sales volume and higher selling prices. Sequentially operating earnings increased 5% as sales volume increased 5% due to seasonality and selling prices increased as we continue to work to offset higher input cost. Looking at full year 2017, we continue to expect mid-single digit sales volume growth which will be about double end-market growth. This volume growth reflects innovation and market development initiatives in this segment including tire resins as well as acquired businesses such as fluids, solar projects in tire chemicals. And as weve indicated previously, strong volume growth in some of these acquired businesses are operating margins below the second half.  We also expect to continue to work to offset input cost increases with higher selling prices and therefore expect our operating margin in the second half of the year to be above first half. All-in additivities and functional products remains well positioned to deliver solid earnings growth for the year. Now the chemical intermediates on slide 10. Sales revenue increased due to higher selling prices attributed to higher raw material prices and continued improvement in competitive conditions. Operating earnings increased primarily due to higher selling prices, lower commodity hedge levels and lower scheduled maintenance cost partially offset by higher raw material and energy cost.  Looking at full year 2017, we continue to do a nice job of recovering from a trough 2016 as we increase prices to offset higher raw material and energy costs and benefit from both lower commodity hedge cost and our cost reduction program which chemical intermediates receives the largest share. These actions will help to mitigate the anticipated headwind from weakness and ethylene prices during the back half of the year. Lastly, Ill give you a quick update on our process for divesting our excess ethylene capacity and potentially certain commodity product lines. We continue to work with a variety of interested parties and remain hopeful we can find a mutually agreeable transaction. Given the current environment, these negotiations are taking a little longer than expected. Ill finish up the segment review of fibers on slide 11 where results were in line with our expectations. Sales revenue decreased primarily due to lower selling prices particularly for acetate tow attributed to lower industry capacity utilization rates.  Additionally, acetate tow sales for the second quarter was down 4% year-over-year more than offset by higher sales volume by acetate flake and acetate chemicals due to timing of customer shipments.  Operating earnings declined due to lower selling prices partially offset by lower operating costs resulting from recent cost reduction actions.  Looking forward, we expect earnings to modestly improve sequentially in the third quarter with further sequential improvement again in the fourth quarter as we realized we gained share lost early in the year which we discussed back in our April earnings call. Our full year view includes an expectation that acetate tow volume outside of China will be about flat for the full year relative to last year. We are taking all actions within our control to provide stability for this business moving forward and expect fibers will continue to be a valuable business for Eastman.  On slide 12, Ill transition to an overview of cash flow and other financial highlights for the second quarter. We continue to do an excellent job of generating cash with first six months operating cash flow of over $480 million. Capital expenditures for this first half of 2017 totaled $279 million. We continue to expect our full year capital expenditures will be approximately $575 million. I remain confident in our ability to generate approximately $1 billion of free cash flow for the year.  Looking at the balance sheet, we continue to expect a $350 million in debt this year which will occur in the second half for the year. Additionally, we remain committed to returning cash to our stockholders. Through the first six months we return $324 million through $140 million in dividends and $175 million in share repurchases.  Our effective tax rate for the second quarter was 19%. We expect our full year tax rate to be approximately 20% which is on the low end of the 20% to 22% previously guided, reflecting the continued benefits of an improved business operations and the impacts of expected tax effect [ph]. As a whole, I'm pleased with the earnings and cash flow performance to the start of the year.  And with that I'll turn it back over to Mark. 
Mark Costa: Thanks Curt. On slide 13, I'll discuss our outlook for 2017. We continue to benefit from our specialty businesses which we expect to deliver mid-single digit volume growth for the year, which is two to three times a growth rate of the underlying markets. To deliver this we are leveraging innovation and market development initiatives to drive growth in attractive end markets. And we're delivering revenue synergies through improvements and the commercial execution capabilities of our acquired businesses.  We've also taken actions to reduce cost in a disciplined way which has allowed us to strategically invest in long-term growth and further improve our cost structure. And we are benefitting from a reduction in the commodity hedge costs.  We've improved the quality of our balance sheet reducing interest cost, and we've made further progress on optimizing our business structures or our effective tax rate this year is expected to be slightly lower than last year.  Finally, disciplined capital allocations continue to contribute to growth including accelerating our share repurchases in 2017, compared with '16. All of these actions are helping to offset challenges we continue to face including uncertain global GDP, more than normal volatility in raw material prices in ethylene and the other challenges we face in fibers.  Putting all this together, on an operational level, we expect strong performance in line with previous expectations we outlined in January in our April calls. Our expectation for 2017 EPS growth has improved to 10% to 12%, which will be an excellent result in this business environment. And we remain committed to our $1 billion of free cash flow target, which is one of the most compelling in the industry.  On slide 12, let me summarize where we are. We have a strong portfolio of specialty businesses, we expect to deliver approximately 70% of our earnings from these high-quality specialty businesses, we continue to carry our own growth through accelerating innovation and improving commercial excellence across our businesses and improving our product mix. We're committed to using every lever we have in this uncertain environment where we are returning a very strong free cash flow to stockholders.  I also want to take a moment to say how proud I am of all of the Eastman employees. In building a long-term innovation driven company is extremely hard to cut cost aggressively at the same time. I deeply appreciate how everyone is driving for cost improvements and fighting for every revenue dollar across the company. And at the same time, I'm extremely proud of how our growth teams are staying focused on driving for commercial orders across all of our innovation programs. All of us at Eastman are committed to delivering both short term earnings growth and building a business that can also deliver long-term earnings growth. I look forward discussing our strategy to both short and long-term growth at Investor Day either late this year or early next year.  Thanks for joining us this morning. And look forward to your questions. With that I'll turn it back to Greg. 
Greg Riddle: Alright, thanks Mark. And as usual we have a lot of people on the line this morning. We like to get to as many questions as possible. So please limit yourself to one question and one follow up. With that Anthony, we are ready for questions. 
Operator: Thank you. Today's question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners. 
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, good morning Mark. Wonder if you could bring us up to speed on where you stand in your specialty chemical businesses with regard to the gap between raw material cost inflation and selling prices, where are you most confident that you've closed that gap and where do you have the most work still ahead please.
Mark Costa: Sure, and good morning Kevin. Were feeling great about how were managing our overall portfolio. Our story is obviously about very strong volume growth and mix upgrade across the businesses and were seeing that.  Obviously, there was a pretty big spike up in raw material prices in the first quarter and many of them come off and I think were making good progress on improving prices in AM and AFP where it actually matters.  On the AM side, we continue to see strong earnings growth for the year. it is predominantly driven by volume and mix but were also getting prices up in the polyester where we saw some raw material headwinds. You have to remember though in AM the contracts for the interlayer business are annual fixed contract so you know those prices are fixed for the year based on the nature of that business. So thats really about 18.  On the AFP side, as you saw we already made good progress in getting our prices up and Id like to highlight that not only our price is up, we also delivered outstanding volume growth at the same time.  So, I feel good that you know were able to do both and were continuing to raise prices to offset some material in the headwinds in that business as we go into the third quarter.  And so, in general we feel good about recovering the raws that are in AFP and feel good about the guidance weve given around the overall earnings growth for both businesses being strong in AM and solid in AFP on a full year basis.
Kevin McCarthy: This is a follow up Mark, you know you ticked up your contribution or expected contribution through 2018 from your innovation efforts. What changed there?
Mark Costa: Its just you know seeing tremendous engagement from customers and excitement by them around our top 10 innovation programs. You know we have this list that were very focused on that our platforms allow us to grow in multiple applications in markets. And it's just amazing to see, the top 10 programs we have today are still the same 10 that we had three years ago and for those who move growth portfolio it's amazing that all tenants are alive and kicking and driving forward. Normally, you have some sort of dial on the way.  So thats incredibly encouraging and in the last six months and what we see in the next six months, you know eight of those 10 are going commercial with commercial orders coming in. So, you just see growth happening all over the place in AM, and AFP and even these initiatives weve kicked off to help build the fiber assets.  In the tow business, were seeing great traction and success in orders in a few places arent those new innovation efforts to leverage those assets. And TREVA is one of those examples were seeing great growth in [indiscernible] which is a new acetate yarn we launched and there is a bunch of other things were not yet ready to talk about. But it's just exciting to see the growth across all three of these segments and so we have a lot higher confidence that were going to be more and more innovation driven in our topline. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Good morning. Mark just in advanced materials, volumes were up 3% in Q2 versus plus 10 in Q1. Was that just a matter of Q1 maybe pulling in some volumes from Q2 and is the forceps number better look at that business versus the 10 and 3? 
Mark Costa: Certainly, first half is a better way to look at that business David. There is a certain chunky nature to sort of how the tracking business in particular performs. As I mentioned in the first quarter call, we saw a tremendous number of new business closes around Tritan applications last fall that led to orders that were quite high to fill the shelves for all these new products. So that would drive up the volume, obviously once it fills the shelves, demand drops off a bit. And there is just some of that cyclicality you see in the consumer durable business as you get wins.  That was the part of the story David. Part of it is a bit of a pre-buy I think, as people expect your prices to go up in the polyesters. They were pulling headwind volume so we saw some of that, that doesn't give us any concern about the rest of the year.  And then we've seen auto OEMs obviously slowdown a little bit in growth rates, and so that's slowdown and they hurt [ph] our business a little bit. But none of that when you combine it together, together it gives us any concerns about the full year number.  And you have to remember even on the auto side, we have a lot of ways to grow even in a flat market. We have these double-digit growth rates and acoustics and heads up display interlayers, that's our huge earnings mix upgrade inside that OEM market. And we're also gaining a lot of real estate beyond the windshield in the side windows and the sunroofs allow us growth above OEM build rates. So, we're feeling good about the business. 
David Begleiter: Very good. And Curt, just on the euro and FX, what's the impact of the euro in second half guidance versus what you are expecting back in April?
Curt Espeland: Well again, as you look at the euro, its improved of late, that is obviously favorable to Eastman, you saw the second quarter is roughly a $1.10 first quarter $1.03. So, what it's doing for us is going to be a slight favorable if this continues. And that's some better than their overall guidance. 
Operator: Our next question comes from P. J. Juvekar with Citi.
P. J. Juvekar: So, one of your competitors is merging its total assets with another player. Were you involved in any such discussions or are you proactively doing anything about your business?
Curt Espeland: Well this is Curt, we believe we are the lowest cost assets in this industry and with the actions we've taken over the last years, we're balanced on flake and tows. So, we've taken the actions we feel we need to take PJ. It's not our practice to comment on what else someone is doing with their assets or their transactions. But right now, focus is on taking the actions we can within our control to stabilize this business in 2018 and beyond. 
Mark Costa: Yes, I would say that we feel great about the actions we have taken. We do see the business stabilizing this year. As we've discussed in the past we've got two thirds of our volume in a multiyear agreement. As Curt mentioned, we've taken a lot of actions to reduce and align and our asset footprint with the market and the cost competitive. And in fact, we're the only company that's actually rationalizing the assets since 2013 when this all started. And as I just mentioned, we're making tremendous progress in our new applications to fill these assets into new markets. So, I feel really good about focusing on what we're controlling and how we're stabilizing this business and we'll just have to see what other people choose to do with theirs.
P. J. Juvekar: Okay. And then one more question on [indiscernible]. Pricing has been an issue for last six quarters. I see our Tritan bottles everywhere, that is good news, you're getting the volume. Why arent you able to get pricing? Or is that related to raw materials?
Mark Costa: So, in Advanced Materials, I think that's what you said right about Tritan P.J.? You just froze up in the beginning. So, what we're seeing in that chain is great pricing discipline. We have done quite low in our pricing for Advanced Materials if you go back to '14 through now in how we've managed that business. And the other thing to keep in mind is the increases in [indiscernible] have been pretty moderated in that part of the world compared to what you saw happen in AFP and CI. The real huge spikes in raw material numbers was really more in that side of the world than it was in the polyester chain. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews : Thanks, good morning everyone. Can I just ask on the free cash flow in the quarter and year-to-date, it looks like there has been a bit of a working capital bill that presumably is going to reverse in the second half of the year but can you just sort of help us understand whats happened and whats going to happen to get to the billing dollars.
Curt Espeland: Yes, so as we talked early in the year, our working capital requirements are seasonally higher in the first half of the year particularly in the first quarter. If you just take the first half of this year versus last year, you know our working capital requirements were 300 million this year versus less than $200 million last year. So, part of thats again, our history as traditionally working capital requirements are released in the second half of the year, just keep in mind last year our seasonal increases in working capital kind of were helped by lower input costs. So, if you take than $300 million first half of the year impact of our operating cash flows you help a good portion of that reverses in the second half of the year. On top of that, our CapEx requirements are different between the two years because of some these large projects that we have underway. So, our capital expenditures are kind of peaking right now and will be lower about $100 million second half of this year compared to last year. So, when you put that altogether, we feel very good about our ability to generate the $1 billion of free cash flow.
Vincent Andrews : Okay. And then if I could just ask a follow-up. There are $0.50 of cost reductions plan for the full year, can you give us a sense of how far along you are in those year-to-date and what's left for the balance of the year?
Curt Espeland: So, Ill tell it this way, our cost actions are on track to deliver that $100 million of cost reductions, as a reminder this includes labor side optimization energy efficiency et cetera. So, because of that roughly 75% of the reductions are kind of in that manufacturing supply chain area and because of that CI feels a good portion of it that I mentioned before. And so, we feel very good about that.  Mark did mention that as part of our innovation program, were making investments in market development, commercial and the tech service capabilities. In addition, were using some of these cost savings to make some structural changes in our cost structures that will benefit kind of 2018 and beyond.  And then lastly as you would expect as we respond to business structures as well as look at tax reform, were having to spend some money working on our taxes. Roughly you see that, thats beneficial to our overall effective tax rate. So, were using some of that cash Im sorry those savings to make these investments. To give you a sense of the amount, the best way to look at it is if you look our other segment, youll see that our run rate for the first half and 17 is little higher than last year. What I would actually assume is that first half of run rate for 17 will continue the second half of 17 and Ill give you a kind of shaping of that other segment and how much of the investments were making.
Operator: Our next question comes from Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo Securities.
Frank Mitsch: Good morning gentlemen. Mark, you mentioned that youre planning on having an investor day later this year or early next year. Is the timing of that contingent upon that announcement relative to the 10 [ph] intermediates and the cracker divestiture sale what have you?
Mark Costa: No Frank it's not contingent on that. I mean as Curt said, were driving very hard and very committed to sort of doing what we can to exit that excess [ph] position, maybe some of the derivatives. But thats an independent process from running our company.  We just think thats the right time as all this innovation is coming together is were improving how we can grow much faster than market, create our own growth, manage at the same time. I think it's just a compelling story but wed like to have a little more time in sort of proving that all out to set up the proper investment story because I think we are really on track to build the leading sort of innovation driven specialty company here. And I'm quite excited about telling that story, but do at the right time. 
Curt Espeland: And if I can add, it's also just a function of finding the right date and the right venue. 
Frank Mitsch: Got you. Clearly, I mean 7% volume growth in the specialties is impressive. But coming back to the cracker sale, you did indicate that you're planning on a mid-year announcement, that negations are taking longer than anticipated. Is this a potential 2018 event?
Mark Costa: Well Frank, unfortunately I've got couple of dates also in the past that haven't worked out. So, as I anticipated and again I have to share, I'm a little disappointed we haven't made the progress we have been hoping for. But again, we start multiple parties involved in the process, negotiations are just taking longer given some of the current market conditions. And you guys can see what these current market conditions are like. But we remain committed to improving our portfolio this is a potential transaction that remains a priority for us. And I'll give you an additional update when I have something more concrete to say. 
Frank Mitsch: Fair enough I appreciate that. Just lastly, staying on CI, you've mentioned lower hedge cost helping out Q2. How should we think about, order of magnitude in Q2 and for the second half of the year benefit from that?
Mark Costa: Well, you'll see as you look at 10 quarter the benefit of the hedges rolling off is about $45 million. And in the second quarter chemical and intermediates gets a good portion of that. That hedge rolls off will continue in the third and fourth quarters again predominantly in the CI. We've talked about before as being roughly $0.50 a share.  The other thing I think is important to remind you on CI is we've embedded in our guidance that ethylene prices will be lower in the second half of the year versus the first half. But [ph] our guidance is that prices will improve from third quarter to fourth quarter.  I'd also remind you that when you look at our business in ethylene, that excess ethylene you should look at spot rather than contract prices, as a proxy for merchant ethylene selling prices.  So as a whole, when I look at this business, CI's doing a better job holding on to derivative margins, probably better than I expected the first part of this year. But that has been more than offset right now by ethylene margin compression in the second half of the year. So, when I look at trends for CI, I would expect some sequential decline in third quarter to these lower ethylene prices and seasonal demand for means in the egg sector. But still favorable year-over-year. That trend will be similar going in the fourth quarter, but we will no longer have this favorable year-over-year comp in the fourth quarter. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. 
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. My recollection is that you have three major capacity expansions Crystex polyvinyl butyral and Tritan. What's the timing of those three expansions, that is when do they actually come online?
Mark Costa: The PVD expansion and the Crystex expansion is expected to be mechanically complete in the second half of this year a little bit towards the later end of the year. And the Tritan expansion is expected to be mechanically complete at the beginning of next year. So probably in the late first quarter is what we're targeting for that.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay. So, you '18 events really okay. 
Mark Costa: Yes, I agree with that Jeff. 
Jeff Zekauskas: Yeah. So that the price of propane is moving up. That is maybe at average $0.62 a gallon in the second quarter and now we're up at maybe 73. And in the second quarter you guys did a nice job of having your price increases more than offset your raw material cost inflation. Is the trend positive or negative given the movement of propane now?
Mark Costa: Its a good question. I mean obviously there is a lot of volatility around some of these raw materials. So, it can be up today and a week from now could be back down to 58. You know thats just the nature of the world we live in.  We feel good about our ability to manage prices relative to our rules specially in CI and were also as I said making good progress in the AFP business both in the second quarter and as we go into the third.  So, we feel fine about that, obviously you know extremity is always a problem but we dont see this as a major issue for us relative to our sort of 10 to 12% guidance.  I would like to compliment the CI team, has just done a phenomenally good job on commercial excellence in managing pricing in the first and second quarter and theyre on track, already in the third quarter to do the same thing. So driven margin performance has actually been much better than weve expected and thats helping manage some of these issues.  So overall, well just have to see how it plays out. I would also note that there are no places of raw materials are coming off in a meaningful way. So thats a benefit into the numbers as well especially in AFP. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Arun Vishwanathan with RBC Capital Markets. 
Arun Vishwanathan : Great, thanks good morning. I just wanted to go back to your guidance a little bit. Looks like the midpoint of your guidance now implies about 11% earnings growth for the year. And I think previously you had stated that the second half is going to be stronger and stronger than the first half. Is that still your feeling and if not why not? And then just curious about your thoughts for ongoing long-term EPS growth. I mean is the target kind of double digits for '18 as well. Thanks.
Mark Costa: So, you know first of all we feel great about how we delivered the first half of the year and certainly the first half came in a bit better than we expected, some of that was through an improved tax rate which is great for both earnings and cash. And as curt guided, you know we continue to sort of deliver that 20% rate and always working hard to make it better.  Most importantly we see this strong growth in a solid earnings growth in AFP and especially while were delivering a lot of volume and managing a pretty volatile raw material environment and I think thats great proof about the quality of these businesses that leave this to have good confidence for the back half for the year.  But also emphasize that fiber is sequentially improving into 3Q over 2Q and 4Q over 3Q. You know source of improvement as well as whats even more important to us right now is stabilizing this business and so all of that is actually quite positive as you know. But the chemical to Media testament certainty to clearly ethylene prices arent where we expected. No one expected the current situation if you look at how people are forecasting ethylene in the first half of the year. And so, weve got to deal with that as well as just comment on propane.  So, when you put it all together, we feel the 10 to 12% is very balanced in our outlook and we do the math, that implies that the second half of the year is maybe just slightly lower than the first half of the year to because we pulled a bit of earnings forward in the first half. So, Id say were very balanced is the word Id use. But we feel good about the range and our ability to deliver in this range with all these moving parts.  Yes, on long-term, to answer that question. Look, we're building a growth engine showing we can grow faster than the market because we create our own growth through commercial excellence, through innovation. There is no reason that's going to stop, let them continue to drive in '18, and we expect the fibers to stabilize their own headwind there. Chemical remediates always has a certain amount of uncertainty to it. But overall, we feel we are in position to deliver strong attractive growth in '18 over '17.
Curt Espeland: And once we lock it on our investor day, we'll have more to provide you on that topic. 
Arun Vishwanathan : Sure, and then just as a follow up. Maybe just give us your thoughts on propylene spreads and how that affects your own product pricing? Do you expect to continue to be able to achieve some price increases if propylene prices kind of stabilize or go lower? Thanks. 
Mark Costa: Yeah, on that front, the Propylene spreads are doing a lot better than the ethylene spreads as you can do your own math. And so, we do also -- we're not buying -- we buy about 40% of our propylene needs, so thats relevant, we are producing the other part on it in the propylene. And those costs are still being worked off as we continue to drive for price increases in places especially in AFP. So, I would say with that we are having good progress on that. So again, I think we're in good shape to manage the price versus the raws game in the specialty. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Aleksey Yefremov with Numora and Securities. 
Aleksey Yefremov: Good morning. Thank you. In chemical intermediaries, it appears that also chemicals market and plasticizers' markets were fairly tight in the first half. Given potential changes in the supply in the second half and next year, do you think this level of margins is sustainable?
Mark Costa: No, we're expecting prices to come off a little bit in those businesses that's embedded in our outlook for the second half of the year. To your point there is some supplies that's come on and there has been some supply disruptions in the first half of the year that compound that situation. So that's all embedded in our forecast, but the margins are even with that included are recovered in a pretty attractive way and we feel good about how that turns into next year.  I'd also add that, while that's all going on we have seen real benefit from our antidumping case against the Korean plasticizer producers, where it's been ruled in our favor where duties put in place and so that's shifted to trade flows on that business pretty dramatically in favor to us here in North America which is where we concentrate our plasticizer business.  A broader note, I'd also mentioned that applies to CI and even more so in AFP is another upside we're seeing that's helping both drive some volume growth as well as improve the competitive situation is dynamic in China. We're seeing the Chinese strictly enforce environmental regulation for the first time in the last sort of 6 to 12 months. And it's really been pretty dramatic in its impact. We have a lot of small competitors in AFP and saw big ones in CI out of China. And they are being shutdown left and right by this enforcement, sometimes temporary, sometimes permanent where they have to take their plant and move it from some suburb or field to proper chemical parts and that's a pretty significant new thing for us.  And it's great because it's impacted a bunch of these competitors especially in AFP where most of our competitors are these small little plants, mom and pop shops that don't really have much capability, but it can cause trouble. And they are under a lot of pressure and even when they move to these chemical parts if they can afford to do so, you know the cost operate there specially to clean up the waste water that they produce is going to be a lot higher. So, the cost structure is going to go up. So that helps CI and it's also starting to help AFP. 
Aleksey Yefremov: Great, thank you Mark. And I guess second question of AFP margins, what would be the normalized margin level after youre done fully offsetting the raw material inflation. Its just based on the 7% of volume growth I would think. Your margin should be higher than 2016 baseline. Is it fair to assume that youll end up somewhere about joint 2016?
Mark Costa: So, I think that as we look at it, the current margins will sequentially improve a bit as we work the price versus raw material equation. It also important to keep in mind that there is a wide spread of spreads with these products in this business. And a lot of the volume growth that we had this year, the stronger part of our volume growth has been from some of our acquired companies and weve seen tremendous volume growth in our animal nutrition chemical cares fluids business. Weve done made a lot of investments from grubber commercial capabilities there and how were going to market and were really seeing a return on that investment, revenue synergy if you will from those acquisitions.  But those segments of within AFP just naturally have lower spreads per KG than the segment average. So, its not margin compression, its just a bit of a mix shift. I want to emphasize that the high value stuff is still growing with the market. So, were not having any volume growth in coating or high value tire additives et cetera. Those are all growing fine and a little bit above market actually but these others are growing a lot faster and so youre just changing the weighted average spread a bit. So, youve got that going on, thats going to cause the net margin to be a little bit lower but it's not actually margin compression. Of course, we continue to improve prices, benefit from a little bit of trailing off raws in the second half of the year and that will help on the margin front.  And then in the innovation programs as you think about this going into 18 and19 those are all above segment and company average margins. And so that will start driving mix in the other direction as we go into those into 18 and 19 just like we do an Advance Materials. So overall it feels good but the average margin is going to be a bit lower than the last couple of years as a result of that. But we still feel good as its been around that sort of 20% maybe just a little bit below. 
Curt Espeland: And Alex if I could just add, if this business delivers mid-single digit volume growth and operating margins of 20%, Im going to be pretty happy seeing it both.
Mark Costa: The key to remember is our stories about driving volume growth and sustainable margins over time through innovation, I think were doing great on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Sheehan from SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. 
Jim Sheehan : Thank you. Could you give us some more color on your ease of resins business, how are volumes doing there and whats your pricing outlook in the second half. Should it be higher or lower?
Mark Costa: Sure. We discussed this in the last quarter call and nothing has changed from those comments which is I know market growth rate is actually quite strong, weve sort of upgraded our review about underlying market growth in hygiene and user packaging which is the biggest drivers of our demand. You know its now sort of growing at 5 to 7% which is great. Its caused the market to be tight, especially in '15 and '16 as there was limited supply and has led this business to having some attractive margins.  We have acknowledged and mentioned this before that you know those margins are coming off this year because there has been some added supply in C5s and we've seen some of those prices come off in this space as a result.  And then at the backend of this year, one of our competitors on hydrogenise side is going to be bringing on a new plant in Asia. And that will also put some pressure on margins there too.  So, not a concern long-term, the margins here are quite attractive above segment average and we're happy about how this business is performing. The margins will obviously be pressured by some of this. But what's more exciting for us is we're actually seeing a new trend of innovation in this business that we haven't seen in a while. And that gives us a way to have a lot of growth and margin upgrade as we go into '18, '19 and '20.  There is a strong need for some new resins and we're launching new resins right now that are low order. And also, don't cause some product safety concerns around some food packaging issues in how we present some things leaking out. And so dramatic improvement in resin performance that could be proprietary.  And in addition to that, we're seeing great engagement in our launched [indiscernible] and polymers this is what you match with the resin to make adhesive that is better performed and proprietary to us than what's available in the marketplace as a APO. So, we're seeing a lot of growth there, all this will be better margins so we're feeling good. 
Jim Sheehan : Great. And then you talked about your new product for tires and tire resins. So obviously a lot of your demand profile there is driven by the new fuel efficiency standards. But you also talked about how you see the underlying tire demand developing in both truck and passenger tiers. 
Mark Costa: So, demand overall, I mean globally you get a better look at demand just by looking at tire companies for PCR and Truck. And we're growing at the market and then in some places better than the market. As I said where we had some competitive disruptions by environmental enforcement in China, this is one of those places where we are seeing that benefit in both ingredients in a material away and to some extent as well as in us inside our Sulphur Crystex products. And so, we're growing faster than the markets and that's quite helpful. But overall, we see the demand is solid and continuing to grow, but the underlying market is pretty modest. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. 
Laurence Alexander: I have three quick ones. just on the tax raise, what do you see as a likely range for 2018 to 2020? For the cellulosics portfolio given the trends that you seeing in fibers now, do you think cellulosics as a product chain will be back in the growth mode at the end of the decade.  And then lastly can you characterize demand trends that you're seeing in your business in China, like how faster volumes are growing there?
Curt Espeland: Sure, I'll start with the tax rate. Right now, I think discussing the effective tax rate beyond 2017 is a little premature given all the discussions that are going on right now in DC. Again, as Mark mentioned, we're going to continue to pursue however opportunity to optimize our business and tax structure for earnings and cash flows for the remainder of the year and going forward. And I'm also very confident that we have a great tax finance and legal team that know how to navigate whatever changes and actions are inactive that come at us. But let me just talk about tax rate more as we get more into holistic discussion of '18 and beyond.
Mark Costa: Well in terms of China, and Asia in general, what I would say is I don't think that the underlying market growth rates are materially improving, they're still pretty modest. But we are growing quite well in Asia for a few reasons. One is the macro trends that we've talked about for long time around product safety as well as the emerging middle-income class is driving a lot of demand especially in China where people are looking for higher quality products in our specialties are key to enabling those higher quality products were seeing better than market growth as a result of that trend.  Were also benefitting from the Chinese consumers very focused on product safety, our Tritan products, our made-in-America products are viewed as higher quality, more reliable and safer and were seeing better than market growth as a result of that trend as well.  In addition to that, I mentioned some of this environmental enforcement is helping us out where not just local customers but more importantly our multi-national customers who operate around the world including China. You know security supply is very important to them and they want to make sure that were going to get specialty products that are essential to enabling the production of their products and not inhibit their ability to produce. So thats helping drive people to us on that front.  So, a lot of different things going on well. When you look at our revenue growth in Asia Pacific, it's quite good especially when you include the headwind of fibers and it's also important to keep a mix set in mind that the majority of what we do in specialty is almost all of it is specialties, right. So that growth is high quality mix.
Curt Espeland: And one more trend that I should mention as I alluded with the question Kevin had and well see if this trend continues is the weakening of the dollar which helps our specialties as they compete across the globe. So, if that continues the trend, that will be favorable to Eastman. For the second half of the year we assume that this would-be kind of roughly [114, 115] as an example. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Roberts with UBS. 
John Roberts: Thank you. In you comment on divesting excess ethylene, you added and potentially derivatives, do you have significant ethylene only derivatives or if you divested derivatives here it would reduce your purchases of propylene?
Mark Costa: No, when we look at potential commodity derivatives, those are typically where we add, there is limited value add. Those are predominantly ethylene based derivatives. Propylene and propylene derivates, we added tremendous amount of value add and that will still be strategic for us. 
Curt Espeland: And four years ago, if PDH existed we would have built build PDH units because our whole strategy in our specialties and AM and AFP and even some of the new things were working on for fibers often include a propylene derivative in the cellulosics as well as the polyesters. But the ethylene is just, in our business a byproduct of what were trying to get which is propylene opposite of what most people do in this business. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Sison with KeyBanc. 
Mike Sison : Hey guys. You know on slide 5 a nice job showing the different areas that are growing by new products and market development, when you think about bolt-on acquisitions Mark and you want to maybe bolster some of these areas. Any particular opportunities do you see out there?
Mark Costa: Were always interested in bolt-on M&A. I think weve demonstrated a fantastic and impressive acquisition track record both large and small in integrating and creating value from acquisitions. So, we certainly see bolt-on M&A as an avenue for growth. To be clear were not working at large M&A. But on the bolt-on side were looking Id say the pipeline is in development, we're been so focused on the innovation programs and delivering organic growth and making sure were doing everything best possible there, havent wanted to get distracted but we are certain to build that pipeline now. So, you know hopefully well be adding to our growth by very accretive bolt-on M&A as we go into 18 and 19. But there is nothing imminent. 
Mike Sison : Right and quick follow-up. Sounds like your specialty business is getting good momentum here as you get into the second half of the year. How much of the earnings growth do you think in the second half will be driven by the specialty the businesses given volume trends are still pretty good and you're going to catch up on raw materials. 
Mark Costa: Well, I think you can pretty much sense that that we're seeing the growth in our specialty businesses given the trajectories, the sequential declines in our chemical and intermediates business, some modest improvement in fiber sequentially. So that our earnings growth that we'll looking for is coming from those specialties. But just keep in mind, fourth quarter tends to have a seasonal impact in our specialty so you got to just factor those things altogether. But I agree with your comments I really liked the momentum that we're seeing in the specialty businesses. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Koort, Goldman Sachs. 
Robert Koort: I appreciate 5 and 6 [ph] and the insertion of your breadth and vertical integration. I guess what I'm wondering is I've seen a recent study that says from a share performance, be it specialty, be it commodity but won't be something in between. And I would guess you'd say you're not really in between but maybe your valuation levels and some other metrics suggest the market thinks you are.  So, I'm just curious, strategically what can you do, do you buy more specialties, do you maybe change your reporting structure to isolate your best businesses or STUs better? Do you get more aggressive on the portfolio adjustments as you stay maybe go beyond just ethylene maybe some derivatives? Or do you think it's just simply getting back to attractive double-digit range growth that gets people to say. How do you think strategically and holistically as a company of maybe breaking out of this sort of valuation funk that you've been in for so long. 
Mark Costa: And I think that it's when we sell and think about making sure that everything we're doing in our strategy is focused on value creation for our shareholders.  As I said, I actually think we've got a very unique capability as a specialty company, not just in the things I talked about in world-class technology and AD capability and market connect which other specialty companies pursue as well. But I actually think the integration is a unique advantage in delivering sustainable long-term growth and very unique products that our competitors can't do. Meaning when you think about integration of our technology across streams allows us to build and develop products that our competitors can't do because they don't have that breadth. The scale allows us to have dedication and expertise in different technical areas and operational disciplines that specialty company frankly can't have and a specialty company typically has much small size. They don't have experts on anything they can't afford it. This large scale gives us the ability to drive cost productivity and product development in a way that these small companies can't do.  And an increasing competitive environment where you're under pressure for short and long-term earnings, people are managing cost pretty aggressively and so are we. But we've got these advantages that we don't have to give up because of our scale, smaller companies probably are. And that's going to really start creating challenging I think for them relative to us innovation So, I think integration is going to the winner and then we're the only specialty company that's actually got it. Only two companies out there that does have the scale and integration with [indiscernible], but our capital deployment is focused on the specialty side. So, I think that this actually will pull us apart and help us differentiate by delivering consistent results.  In the end, any company's valuation is connected to delivering consistent results. That's how you actually get specialty multiples, specialty just code for a highly reliable profitable business. And I think that's what we're building.  Obviously, we're committed to minimizing volatility in our stock as much as we possibly can, that's why we're trying to get rid of the excess ethylene. There's a lot of valuations driven right now by extremely aggressive cost and CapEx cutting and buying back stock in some of our peers and as well as lots of speculation about who is going to breakup, combine and everything else. And it creates a context of looking at what we can do to also create value and were doing everything that we can but I actually think the way we win is delivering consistent earnings results year-over-year.
Curt Espeland: And Bob what I would add on top of that, what you see over time is the amount of earnings coming from a vast materials and head of functional products will continue to be a larger percentage of the revenue and earnings of the company and as we continue to make progress with those innovation, thats going to drive that to where we can actually potentially even see fibers turn back to a growth story. So, lets see if we can execute, and deliver on those and if we do I think well be rewarded in the marketplace.
Robert Koort: So, could I distill that in suggesting if we saw under that cover in the eastern five-year plan, there is a higher growth rate and a dampened amplitude of earnings, volatility?
Mark Costa: Absolutely. Youre going to see the three segments overtime grow including fibers because with all the new application development capability weve got the specialist becoming greater than 80% of the earnings of the total company. You know chemical remediates trying to do everything we can to always dampen volatility, exit everything we can that is not necessary for the specialties. But it drives a lot of cost advantage, a lot of [Technical Difficulty] growth and enablement of a lot of product development as we sort of mix all these different technology streams together.  One of the things that our customers love about is, is how we bring so many different products to them, not just one product and that diverse technology set of platforms allows us to be more relevant to many of our customers than some of our competitors.
Curt Espeland: And its a set of businesses and programs are delivered; billion dollars of free cash flow a year. 
Operator: And our last question comes from Matthew Fisher with Barclays.
Matthew Fisher: First question just around tow, when you capture back some of that market share in the back half for this year that you talked about relative to maybe four or five years ago, is your market share back to where it was above or below where it was, excluding China lets say. 
Mark Costa: Yes, if we leave China out of it, our plan is as weve said keep volumes flat, hold our share and obviously that means its slightly declined year-over-year with the overall market but thats our plan outside of China. And you know as I mentioned in the last call, China demand is down to sort of 10% of the revenue of this business or 1% of the revenue of the company. So, the uncertainty of imports next year on that side is less relevant. So overall, we feel good about how demand is going to be stabilizing in this business as we go forward from this year into next. And then weve got all these innovation programs allows to grow volume into these new applications and leverage the existing assets.
Matthew Fisher: Okay, great. And then could you just give us an update on your large uptick agreement from the PDH unit, where that stands kind of what the economic impacts of that will be when it rolls through and then do you get made whole on any of the delays that were associated with that?
Curt Espeland: Yes, so I think enterprise have said that the PH unit is expected to come online later this year. When it does will essentially be integrated back to propane with our propylene needs. So currently we produce about 55% of the propylene that we need and 40% to 45% comes from the market. In terms of the financial impact several years ago we indicated that maybe there was a $30 million benefit from that unit coming online for us. Obviously, the world has changed a little bit in the years that have gone past. And therefore, the benefit won't be as much as we'd expected. But we'll still be happy when unit comes online. 
Matthew Fisher: Great. thank you. 
Curt Espeland: Okay. And thank you again everyone for joining us this morning. We'll have web replay available around 11 am. And we thank you for your time. 
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory A. Riddle - Eastman Chemical Co. Mark J. Costa - Eastman Chemical Co. Curtis E. Espeland - Eastman Chemical Co.
Analysts: David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Instinet Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co. Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC Kevin W. McCarthy - Vertical Research Partners, LLC. Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities LLC P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Daniel Rizzo - Jefferies LLC Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Please standby, we're about to begin. Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company First Quarter 2017 Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman's website, www.eastman.com. We'll now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle from Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory A. Riddle - Eastman Chemical Co.: All right. Thanks, Ron, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Curt Espeland, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Louis Reavis, Manager, Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's first quarter 2017 financial results news release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-K filed for 2016 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for first quarter of 2017. Second, earnings per share and operating earnings referenced in this presentation exclude the effect of non-core items. In addition, the adjusted first quarter 2017 earnings per share is calculated within adjusted tax rate that is forecasted for the full year. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including the description of the adjusted items are available in the first quarter 2017 financial results news release, which can be found on our website, www.eastman.com in the Investors section. Projection of future earnings also exclude any non-core, unusual, or non-recurring items and assume that the adjusted tax rate for first quarter 2017 will be the actual tax rate for the projected periods. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Mark J. Costa - Eastman Chemical Co.: Good day, everyone. I'll start on slide 3. We're off to a great start to the year with first quarter results that were consistent with our expectations. Our results demonstrate the strength of our specialty portfolio with strong volume growth in Advanced Materials and Additives & Functional Products. We continue to upgrade the quality of our product mix by growing high margins, specialty product lines, through innovation and market development, a key component of our winning strategy to transform towards the specialty portfolio. As I said before, we are creating our own growth, through innovation, leadership and specialty markets. We are seeing excellent progress in converting our top innovation programs into commercial orders across AM and AFP, and are on track to exceed our business close target of $200 million. In a few moments, I'll share examples of just a few of the ways we're winning with customers through innovation. Moving next to the cost management front, we remain well on track with our corporate cost reduction efforts, without sacrificing our long-term growth initiatives. Our cash flow in the quarter was consistent with our expectations and we remain on track to deliver approximately $1 billion of free cash flow in 2017, enabling an increasing dividend, continued deleveraging and accelerating the rate of our share repurchases. Beyond these great results, we've also been the recipient of numerous awards over the past several months, which highlight many of the qualities of our stakeholders, who come to expect from Eastman. We were named one of the World's Most Ethical Company for the fourth consecutive year by Ethisphere for outstanding corporate ethics and corporate responsibility, characteristics highly valued by our employees, our shareholders, our communities and our customers. We also earned the 2017 Military Friendly Employer designation by Victory Media, which recognizes exceptional hiring programs for transitioning service members, veterans and spouses. Finally, we were recognized by the EPA as ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year, becoming the only chemical company who received this recognition consecutively for six years, a win for both the environment and our cost structure. Our first quarter result and the continued recognition we are receiving are a direct result of the great work being done by Eastman employees around the world. And I want to thank them for their outstanding contributions. These results also demonstrate that we can execute on the things we can control from cost reductions to returning cash to our stockholders, to innovating throughout our enterprise. Moving on to slide 4, this year marks the 10th anniversary of the launch of our Tritan copolyester, which has been a tremendous success over the past decade, and continues to have significant growth potential moving forward. Hundreds of Eastman team members were integral to the success of Tritan, and we're honored by the American Chemistry Society with the Heroes of Chemistry Award. You can see on the slide the spectrum of brands and consumer medical products that use Tritan, which has now established as the material of choice in the markets we serve. Tritan is currently used by hundreds of brand names globally, and there are over 25,000 products sold on Amazon today with Tritan in them. Since, Tritan debuted in 2007, it has grown to what is approaching $300 million of annual revenue, the fastest adoption of any polymer in this space. Even with the tremendous success to-date, we still have only penetrated small portion of the total addressable market, particularly as we're still early in the adoption in Europe and Asia. And we're introducing a broader range of products and seen convincing early growth in new markets such as medical. To support this growth, we are currently in the process of doubling our Tritan capacity in Kingsport. Tritan is indicative of the innovation of market development capabilities that Eastman has established over many years. And we expect Tritan will be an important contributor to our growth and success going forward. On slide 5, we continue to upgrade the quality of our product mix by increasing revenue high margin specialty products through innovation and market development. These initiatives are accelerating as more customers validate our innovative differentiated products, which is driving growth today and into the future. One innovation success is within our paint protection films platform in the Advanced Materials segment. As we leverage the emerging middle income class trend, we are seeing a growing demand for materials that meet consumers' needs for protecting their cars from damage caused by rocks, salt, insects, and other road debris. Eastman is a global leader in paint protection films that deliver high-glass virtually invisible shield with self-healing properties that consumers love. We recently launched our latest generation of paint protection film and have seen an overwhelming positive response from the market. This is a great example of synergy from the Commonwealth acquisition, combining leading edge paint protection technology with our strong market connect and application development capability. Our paint protection films is on track to deliver over 20% revenue growth this year with margins above the corporate average. Another innovation success is the commercial launch of our Enhanz feed additive in the Additives & Functional Products segment. As poultry farms move away from the use of antibiotics, there is a growing need to optimize food to feed conversion yield. Eastman Enhanz feed additive reduces feed cost, while improving feed utilization efficiency. We realized double-digit volume growth in the first quarter and expect strong volume growth on a full year basis. I am excited to see the latest innovation in our animal nutrition portfolio coming to market. This success also shows how our growth portfolio has broaden through our Taminco acquisition. Next, I'll provide an update regarding our next-generation Crystex initiative. This new technology improves our cost position by better than 20%, while also creating a new product slate with improved performance attributes. Performance benefits of this new technology help our customers maximize the productivity of their operations, enable us to leap ahead of our competition. We have now validated the value proposition of our next generation Crystex through multiple customer engagements. This success supports our investment in Kuantan, Malaysia, where we continues to deploy this technology, and build the world's largest and lowest cost insoluble sulfur facility in the world. We committed to innovation and market development adding 1% to 2% on a compounded basis to drive corporate revenue growth. We met that commitment last year, and you can see with these examples, we are on track to exceed that commitment in 2017. With that, I'll turn it over to Curt.
Curtis E. Espeland - Eastman Chemical Co.: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with our first quarter corporate results on slide 6. Sales revenue grew, as increases in Additives & Functional Products, Advanced Materials and Chemical Intermediates more than offset a decline in Fibers. We did a nice job of driving the volume growth in our more specialty product lines. If you exclude, for example, Fibers, our volume growth was over 6% for the quarter. And we were able to raise prices in our Chemical Intermediates segment to offset high raw material and energy costs. As a company, selling prices for the quarter were flat year-over-year and sequentially increased over 1%. Operating earnings declined slightly as strong performance in Advanced Materials and Chemical Intermediates was more than offset by a decline in Fibers. Overall, earnings per share increased year-over-year by 7%, reflecting solid operating earnings, and a benefit of other actions taken to deliver growth. These positive results reflected  reflect our continued focus on controlling the things we can control and taking actions to deliver earnings per share growth in what remains an uncertain global business environment. Moving next to the segment results and starting with Advanced Materials on slide 7, which delivered another impressive quarter driven by our innovation platforms. Sales revenue increased due to strong sales volume growth and improved product mix of premium products, including double-digit volume gains in Eastman Tritan copolyester, and Saflex acoustic interlayers. Earnings increased primarily due to strong sales volume growth, improved product mix of premium products and fixed cost leverage, partially offset by higher raw material energy costs and slightly lower selling prices. The operating margin in the quarter increased more than 70 basis points year-over-year to 19%, demonstrating the strength of this business in an environment of increasing raw materials and unfavorable currency. Overall, outstanding first quarter results, which continues Advanced Materials track record of success. Looking at the full year, we continue to expect strong results for Advanced Materials as we make further progress in our strategy for this business of driving volume growth, mix improvement and fixed cost leverage. Now to Additives & Functional Products on slide 8. Revenue increased due to sales volume across the segment, driven by innovation and market development initiatives, partially offset by slightly lower selling prices and unfavorable currency. The lower selling prices reflect the continued impact of lower raw material prices from last year as selling prices in this segment generally lag changes in raw material prices by about three months to six months. Sequentially, from fourth quarter to first quarter, prices increased slightly. Operating earnings increased slightly as higher sales volume was mostly offset by higher raw material and energy costs, lower selling prices and unfavorable currency. Looking at full year 2017, we continue to expect mid-single digit sales volume growth, which would be about double-end market growth, reflecting innovation and market development initiatives such as fluid solar projects, higher resins and Aerafin polymers or adhesives. We also expect to increase sequentially in second quarter and have already achieved increases in many products. However, we still need to manage through the spike in raw materials that occurred in the first quarter with higher costs still needing to flow through the inventory. All-in, Additives & Functional Products remains well positioned to deliver solid results for the year. Now the Chemical Intermediates on slide 9. Sales revenue in the first quarter increased primarily due to higher selling prices. The higher selling prices were attributed to higher raw material costs and improved competitive conditions. Operating earnings increased primarily due to higher selling prices that are keeping up with increase in raw material costs and the benefits of lower commodity hedge costs. Looking at the full-year 2017, we're doing a good job of recovering from a tough 2016 as we increase prices to offset higher raw material and energy costs, benefit from lower commodity hedge costs and reduced corporate costs, of which Chemical Intermediates receives the largest share. I'll finish the segment review with Fibers on slide 10, where results were in line with our expectations. Sales revenue decreased primarily due to lower sales volume and lower selling prices, particularly for acetate tow. Lower acetate tow prices were primarily due to lower industry capacity utilization rates. Lower acetate tow volume was a result of reduced sales in China and customer share shifts. Regarding China, two items worth mentioning, first quarter of 2016 tow imports were at still 2015 import levels and we still expect reduced import levels for 2017 that we discussed back in January. Outside of China, we were impacted by lost share at a few customers that we have now regained with others. This will result in lower tow volume in the first half of this year, as we will not see the full benefit of regaining lost share until the second half. Operating earnings for the quarter declined year-over-year due to lower sales volume and lower selling prices, partially offset by lower operating costs, resulting from recent actions. Looking forward, we continue to anticipate earnings for this segment to be down approximately 25% for the year, this includes an expectation that acetate tow volume outside of China will be about flat for the full year. Probably also worth mentioning that with these steps less than 10% of the segment revenue will be impacted by total imports into China. We are taking all actions within our control to provide stability for this business moving forward, and strongly believe that Fibers will continue to be a valuable business for Eastman. On slide 11, our transition to an overview of our cash flow and other financial highlights for first quarter. First quarter operating cash flow was $52 million, in line with our normal seasonality of cash flow generation. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $133 million and we continue to expect our full-year capital expenditures will be approximately $575 million for the year. I remain very confident in our ability to generate approximately $1 billion of free cash flow for the year. Looking at the balance sheet, we continue to expect a $350 million reduction in debt this year. Additionally, we remain committed to returning cash to the stockholders. In the first quarter, we returned $150 million through our first quarter dividend of $75 million and $75 million in share repurchases. Our effective tax rate for the first quarter was 21%, we now expect our full-year tax rate to be between 20% and 22%, reflecting the continued benefits of an improved business operations and resulting impact on expected tax events. Sitting here today, it feels 21% for the year, which would be in line with last year, and is reflected in our results for the first quarter. As a whole, I'm pleased with earnings and cash flow performance to start the year and look forward to the remainder of the year. With that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark J. Costa - Eastman Chemical Co.: Thanks, Curt. On slide 12, I'll discuss our outlook for 2017. We continue to benefit from our specialty businesses, which we expect would deliver mid-single digit volume growth for the rest of the year, which will be about double the growth rate of the underlying markets. To deliver this, we're leveraging the investments we have made in our innovation and market development initiatives to drive growth in attractive end markets, which are being positively impacted by very attractive and disruptive macro trends. We've also taken actions to aggressively reduce costs and we are benefiting from a reduction in commodity hedge costs. We've improved the quality of our balance sheet, reducing our interest costs, and we've also been able to neutralize an expected tax headwind, so that our effective tax rate this year will be similar to last year. Finally, disciplined capital allocation continues to contribute to growth, including accelerating our share repurchases in 2017 compared to 2016. All of these actions are helping us to offset challenges we continue to face, including uncertain global GDP growth, a stronger dollar, more than normal raw material and energy price volatility and the challenges we face in Fibers. Putting all this together, on an operational level, our performance remains in line with our previous expectations we outlined in January, and with the tax rate no longer expected to be a headwind, we expect EPS growth to improve to the top half of our previously communicated 8% to 12% range. On slide 13, we have summary slide that we've shown you before and is even more applicable today. We have a strong portfolio of specialty businesses. We expect to deliver approximately 70% of our earnings from these high-quality specialty businesses, a true testament to the quality and transformation of our portfolio. We are continuing to create our own growth through accelerating our innovation and improving our product mix. We are committing using every lever we have in this uncertain environment, and we're returning our free  very strong free cash flow to our stockholders. We're on track to return approximately $650 million to our shareholders this year. I remain confident that 2017 will be a strong year for Eastman with increasing earnings and record free cash flow. More importantly, I believe that we are building one of the world's leading specialty companies to deliver long-term sustainable growth. Thanks for joining us this morning and I look forward to your questions.
Gregory A. Riddle - Eastman Chemical Co.: All right, thanks, Mark. We've got a lot of people on the line this morning and we'd like to get to as many questions as possible, so please limit yourself to one question and one follow up. With that, Ron, we are ready for questions.
Operator: And thank you. And we'll take our first question from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning.
Curtis E. Espeland - Eastman Chemical Co.: Good morning.
Mark J. Costa - Eastman Chemical Co.: Good morning, David.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Mark, just on the guidance, now that we're in the top half of the range, is the entire raise due to the lower tax rate, any change to the segments at all versus what you were thinking about back in late January?
Mark J. Costa - Eastman Chemical Co.: David, thanks for the question and we're really excited about being on track to deliver such attractive earnings growth for our shareholders and principally doing it through operating earnings, as we've sort of neutralized that tax headwind. As you noted, we are looking at all the businesses and continue to see very strong earnings growth for our specialty businesses, both the AM and AFP, love the volume growth that we saw in the first quarter and expect continued volume growth, let's say volumes coming in a little bit better than expected, which has been fantastic, especially in these high-quality businesses. Fibers is exactly in line with expectations, no surprises or changes there, but we've also seen raw materials sort of spike up a little bit more than we expected and we're making great progress in improving prices, but we've got to catch up to those raws. So, when I net it all together, the operational outlook of everything feels pretty similar to where we were with a few sort of slight differences there and volume being better, raws being a little higher, but we feel great about that performance and think it's extremely attractive for us in this industry and these market conditions. So, as you look at the guidance we gave, we banked the tax rate improvement in our guidance to the upper half of the range, but it's three months into the year. There is a lot of uncertainty about how the economy and these raws will play out. So, we'll just have to see how it goes from here.
Curtis E. Espeland - Eastman Chemical Co.: And David, this is Curt. If I could also add, when we think about the shaping of the earnings for the year that has been pretty consistent with what we were thinking about in January. We've been talking about pricing catching up to higher raw materials, and we've talked about Fibers volumes increase in the back half of this year. The impact of lower hedge costs as they flow through the last three quarters of the year, as well as kind of our growth programs gained momentum through the year. So, the other thing that I think has been consistent net-net as we kind of expect our earnings to be evenly split between the first half and second half of the year, it's maybe a little bit more weighted towards the second half of the year as we compare it to last year, but similar to Mark, I am very pleased with the business performance that remains on track, delivering the earnings growth we talked about and then the removal of the tax headwind.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Very good. And just lastly, Curt and Mark, given the decline in propylene prices, can you discuss the impact on how that will affect your ability to get some price increases through in those downstream propylene derivative product lines?
Mark J. Costa - Eastman Chemical Co.: Sure. First, I am very happy with how we've managed pricing in the first quarter where we had the ability to make price changes. As we've said, especially we had a lot of quarterly pricing or in some cases annual pricing, but Chemical Intermediates just did a fantastic job of raising prices and keeping up with raws in the first quarter and then of course we benefited with the heads rolling off. As we go into the second quarter, it's important to keep in mind that even with the recent drop in propylene prices for one month, the propylene prices, the propane prices, the natural gas prices, the methanol prices are all exceptionally higher than they were a year-ago for Q2 and they were much-much higher in Q1. And we still have those costs flowing through our inventory from Q1 even in Chemical Intermediates, it's a 1 to 3 flow-through where specialties are 3 to 6. So we see absolutely no reason to be reducing prices in the second quarter. I am very happy that we've got prices up in AFP and in Advanced Materials, most of that's quarterly priced. So that should be pretty solid through the quarter. And even in Chemical Intermediates, I think the competitors as well as us have much higher costs and we're still in the process of trying to recover those. And so I don't see any reason that prices should come off. Of course, competitive dynamics can dictate other outcomes, but we expect that we've increased the prices in order to keep increasing prices as we go into the third quarter.
Mark J. Costa - Eastman Chemical Co.: Thank you very much.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Aleksey Yefremov with Nomura.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Instinet: Good morning, thank you. If we turn to Chemical Intermediates, how sustainable is this level of performance for the rest of the year? And also could you address whether there are any changes in underlying supply demand in addition to pricing versus raw material spreads?
Mark J. Costa - Eastman Chemical Co.: Well, I think that for the last question, there is obviously a lot of volatility in some of these raw material prices, where they've moved up a lot and some have come of a little bit lately, all of them which are still substantially higher than last year. So I think the pricing dynamics remain in place, where we  we're in the business of increasing prices, which is refreshing compared to the last two years, and I think healthy for the industry. So I think that, that will continue. You have to keep in mind for Chemical Intermediates, you've got the hedge starting to be a sequential headwind from first quarter to second quarter. But the hedge cost obviously is less than last year, but it's still a sequential headwind. So that will have an impact on CI earnings. But overall, I think the industry is pretty tight, and when it comes to lot of these market dynamics that are going on right now, some of it is supply driven, and so we'll have to see how that resolves itself and impacts market dynamics, as we move to the back half of the year.
Curtis E. Espeland - Eastman Chemical Co.: And, Mark, if I just could clarify the lower hedge cost will be a benefit for CI somewhat partially in the first quarter and will be a benefit the rest of the year.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Instinet: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we'll go to the next question from Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you, good morning. I was wondering, in AM, if you guys could help maybe size the Tritan business, how big is that increase to the East base? And then, can you give us any granularity on individual product line, growth rates within that impressive 10%, were there any of that were meaningfully more or less than the 10%? Thanks.
Mark J. Costa - Eastman Chemical Co.: Thanks, Bob. So, I'm talking about Advanced Materials. It's just a great story of innovation and success that we've been building for many years now and it's great to see us deliver earnings growth this year in the first quarter on top of 20% compounded growth in the last four years. And doing it in a way where we've done it through volume/mix and improved actually margins in an increasing raw material environment with currency headwinds, I mean it's just a great demonstration of a business delivering organic growth. And as you said, a big driver is Tritan, a huge success story especially in the first quarter. We had a lot of great wins last year and a number of customers filling their shelves with our polymer into their products, that drove very high growth in Tritan in the first quarter and we expect a very good strong growth for the rest of the year and maybe not quite as high as 1Q, but still very attractive. Same thing with the acoustics and heads-up display interlayers, you've got double-digit volume growth, as we're growing in the windshields and moving to the side lamps and sunroofs of the car, so we're getting more real estate per car, getting into new models, and just seeing tremendous growth and we still have a lot of room for growth there. We're probably in the third inning of penetration in the automotive market. We've actually seeing good recovery in architectural in Europe, in particular, which is very attractive for us on the interlayers business. So, rocking and rolling there with double-digit growth. Performance films, same story. We launched some very creative and successful channel strategies in China and North America, which are two largest markets for performance films. These are the tinted window films on cars. And seeing tremendous growth through the auto channel, the auto dealers in addition to the aftermarket stores, and now, really seeing tremendous success in this paint protection film. We had the best film that's been in the market when we bought Commonwealth, and now we've developed a new product that is even better and getting tremendous success. So we really have innovation basically everywhere, across this portfolio and what's great is most of these are proprietary products where you only have one competitor in some of them, and the customers really see us as an essential part of their success, and what they are offering to the market, and we have great relationships in all of them.
Curtis E. Espeland - Eastman Chemical Co.: And, Bob, it's just really exciting to celebrate the 10 year anniversary of Tritan. And as I mentioned earlier in the call, that has moved to a $300 million business over that timeframe. And with the expansions that we're adding, we can nearly double that revenue over that future.
Mark J. Costa - Eastman Chemical Co.: I think we're really establishing that we've got one of the best product and market development capabilities in the industry proving it through this business and you're going to start seeing the same proof in Additives & Functional Products as we move through this year and the next.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: We will take our next question from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Curt, if I can just ask you on your balance sheet targets, if you can remind us broadly what you're trying to get back to from a debt leverage perspective, and I guess one of the things I'm thinking about is just, if you  let's assume this year it goes according to plan and next year you're able to put up similar growth. And do you think you would do the same amount of debt pay down next year or do you think you'd maybe have more flexibility?
Curtis E. Espeland - Eastman Chemical Co.: Well, it depends. So, if you think about just our goals for 2017, we talked about that $1 billion of free cash flow, and $300 million goes with that nice dividend that we have in the industry, $300 million. And so the rest is going to be split between share repurchases and debt deleveraging. And so if you combine that with kind of our EBITDA growth that we expect this year, we're getting closing the gap between where to start the year and kind of that targeted 2.5 times debt to EBITDA kind of in shortcut fashion. And so when it gets into 2018, we'll look at how much deleveraging we further have to complete depending on our EBITDA growth we expect for that time and we'll kind of gauge our capital allocation as we get closer to the end of the year.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And just as a follow up, Williams has now sold its cracker, any update on where you are in your process and does what they printed change your view on what you want to do or any broad update would be helpful?
Curtis E. Espeland - Eastman Chemical Co.: No, the other competing asset within marketplace, so we weren't quite sure it was really impacting our process, but nonetheless, it's good to see that transaction get done. And I think we're the only cracker facility that's out there for availability right now. As it relates to the status of that, I feel that we're continuing to make good progress with a number of parties actively engaged with us. Again, as I mentioned before, the variety of options are from an outright sale, partnership, joint venture or whatever the case may be. But we continue to have interest given the quality and reliability of our assets and you've heard me say it and I'll say it again, we're going to be a patient seller, but we're making good progress and I'm still hopeful that we have something to talk about by mid-year.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we'll take the next question from Jim Sheehan with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Morning. I was wondering if you could give us an update on your adhesive resin business, how is pricing going in that business and what do you see as the outlook there given some capacity additions coming later in the year.
Mark J. Costa - Eastman Chemical Co.: Thanks. Adhesives has been a fantastic business for us. It's had tremendous earnings growth and quite attractive margins the last couple of years. And as we've said in past calls, a lot of that is  due to tight market conditions. These are great attractive end markets that can have a lot of growth. And the growth rates are improving, we used to think about as 4% to 5% growth and it's now up to 5% to 7%, where you see such tremendous growth in hygiene products, in hot-melt adhesive packaging. So, we're very encouraged by what we see in the market. But as you noted, there is capacity coming online. We're feeling some of that pressure this year in our C5 resins with some capacity and the prices have come off a bit. And there is more capacity coming online on our hydrogenated resin at the end of this year, into next year, and we'll feel some price pressure from that. But as you look at the margins and the ROIC of this business, it's just fantastic. When you think about specialty businesses, they're great attractive businesses, attractive margins, ability to grow faster than the market, but there is still always going to be some amount of cyclicality in any individual product when a competitor brings some capacity online whether it's an impact on volume or margins as you cycle through. But what I love about AFP as well as Advanced Materials is, it's a robust portfolio, diverse set of end-markets, diverse set of products and that diversity gives you strength as you sort of absorb those sort of trends that happen naturally in any of these businesses.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Terrific. And then in terms of some of the volume improvements you've seen, how much of that do you think is attributable to underlying demand improvement versus maybe some restocking or some pre-buying ahead of price increases?
Mark J. Costa - Eastman Chemical Co.: Yeah. What I love about our growth story in the first quarter is, it's innovation-driven. We have attractive markets and they're delivering good growth and they're nice diverse set of markets that are relatively stable, whether it's transportation, B&C, consumables, personal care, ag and animal nutrition. And even in the large markets like transportation, B&C, high portion of that is pretty stable, because it's re-finish replacement tires type business. And then on top of that, we're layering in our innovation growth that will continue through the year, allowing us to grow faster than the underlying markets. There was some additional demand in the first quarter. As I mentioned, Tritan had a huge number of wins and there were some high levels of orders to help some of our customers load the shelves with our Tritan in their products. And there was some additional seasonal demand in AFP, strong de-icing year, strong crop protection  I'm sorry, not year, but quarter. And strong crop protection demand as well in the quarter. So there is a little bit of seasonal dynamics. Regarding pre-buying, I don't think there has been that much. There may have been a little bit in tires, but we don't see a lot of that at this stage.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take the next question from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much. Can you talk about the effects of the new PDH unit enterprise will bring on stream for Eastman. That is  you're going to buy some propylene at cost plus, does this increase the amount of propylene derivatives that you wish to sell by any material amount or is it just a substitute of getting propylene from one source than getting it from another source? And in your Tritan expansion, by what percentage are you increasing overall Tritan capacity through your expansion this year?
Curtis E. Espeland - Eastman Chemical Co.: Hey, Jeff. Curt. Good morning. So if you think about the effects of the PDH unit, that is  what you described in the latter point  that is just taking a shift in sourcing of some of that propylene. So we're buying some of the propylene in the market today and with the PDH unit that we'll participate in that will be the source of that propylene and become more of a propane-based source of propylene for us from a cost standpoint. So it doesn't really impact our derivatives and what we're able to sell into the marketplace. On Tritan itself, the expansion that we're in the process of completing and look forward to coming forward, that increases our capacity about 80%.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: 80%? Okay. And then for my follow-up, this year you have an expansion in Tritan and Crystex, I think in PVB. If you total up the cost of all of those expansions as part of your capital expenditures this year, roughly how much would it be? And I imagine that you expect to complete all of these three expansions in the second half. Is that correct?
Curtis E. Espeland - Eastman Chemical Co.: So if you look at our capital expenditures, you think of our maintenance capital in that $300 million to $350 million range. The rest of it is the growth capital and a good portion of that growth capital will be spent on the projects you just defined. Most of those projects, as you can see our CapEx is pretty  higher in the first quarter than it was last year. So you can see...
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Sure.
Curtis E. Espeland - Eastman Chemical Co.: ...we're really working hard on those capital projects. I know the Crystex facility is going to be mechanically to complete later this year. Tritan, this year, may be carrying it to next year.
Mark J. Costa - Eastman Chemical Co.: One thing I'd add is what I love about our story is not only just delivering great earnings growth through the specialty businesses, but we're generating $1 billion of free cash flow and that includes spending material amount of CapEx on specialty projects to enable long-term growth not just trying to deliver short-term growth. So it's just a compelling story that we can have one of the strongest free cash flows in this industry and still invest in long-term growth so we can keep this going as we move forward beyond this year and into the future.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So, your CapEx should come down a lot next year?
Curtis E. Espeland - Eastman Chemical Co.: Well, let's talk about that as we get towards the end of the year in our capital allocation. When you have an innovation program like Eastman, yes, some of these projects are going to  to be completed and come down, but then you'll also have to assume we have additional growth projects that are in the hopper. So, it's logical to assume that's coming  going to come down, but at the same token, give us the right to bring forward other growth capital projects as we get towards the end of the year.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take the next question from Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Vertical Research Partners, LLC.: Yes. Good morning. Thank you. To follow-up on your expansion plans, Mark, as you look at the three that you have on the table now, how would you characterize the returns on these projects either in absolute or relative terms. And with regard to Tritan specifically, to what extent can you leverage the existing copolyester asset infrastructure there and, likewise, leverage the TMCD monomer for your Tetrashield product ambitions?
Mark J. Costa - Eastman Chemical Co.: Thanks, Kevin. Great question. And we're excited about all these growth investments we're making and delivering against them. With returns on capital, we expect to deliver 12% to 15% ROIC in most of our large-scale capital investments like these and certainly have done that in the past and we expect to continue that going forward. And relative to our cost of capital these days, that's an extremely attractive return for shareholders. When it comes to sort of Tritan, you brought up a great point about not just Tritan but actually our interlayers business as well as our cellulosic stream is, we are masters at upgrading value on an integrated asset base and core technology stream where we're the best in the world of developing new applications from these streams. So, you need to think about it with Tritan, we started out with PET assets. We've upgraded those into copolyester assets that was a great success story for many years and still growing quite well. And now, we're upgrading those same assets, so same PET assets are being repurposed into Tritan. And now, then monomer capacity to make the TMCD to make Tritan is obviously new capital, but you're leveraging this huge infrastructure base in our Chemical Intermediates to make all the intermediates to go into this copolyesters as well as the actual polymer assets themselves and constantly upgrading, and that gives you a great ROIC because you're not having to rebuild or create new ground-up capacity all the time. It's the same story in interlayers, where we make a standard interlayer for decades and now we're making acoustics and heads-up display interlayer on the same asset at substantially higher margins and that's why we keep emphasizing the mix upgrade. It's not just the variable margins are higher, but the leverage on the existing assets is tremendous. And then a great example is, not only are we  we've been doing this in Tritan for copolyesters, we're now porting it into polyester coatings and that's a pretty tough business if you're just selling standard polyester coatings, but, like Tritan, we can upgrade substantially what we can offer to the market with our Tetrashield products at much higher margins, and seeing great success there in both automotive. We've gone from one interested customer a year ago to 10 engaged with us now around the world interested in our products, as well as seeing great success for Tetrashield as a BPA-free can coating to replace epoxy with better performance in what's being offered in the market today by the first-generation of polyesters out there. So it's, again, leveraged assets, leverage acceleration filling out those assets as we bring the coating market on as well as thermoplastic product extensions.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Vertical Research Partners, LLC.: So just to follow up and clarify, Mark, it sounds like all three of the expansions will be clustered within that range of 12% to 15% that you mentioned and Tritan wouldn't necessarily be meaningfully higher than that given your ability to leverage?
Curtis E. Espeland - Eastman Chemical Co.: Kevin, what I would say is that, our target is 12% to 15%, some projects particularly, maybe like the Tritan, could be higher than that.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Vertical Research Partners, LLC.: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning, gentlemen.
Mark J. Costa - Eastman Chemical Co.: Good morning, Frank.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hey, I really like the picture of the chick on slide 5. So kudos to whoever put your slides together. Immediately put me in a  it immediately put me in a nice mood.
Mark J. Costa - Eastman Chemical Co.: .
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: It was excellent. Hey, look, you're starting the year on a run rate of negative $0.70 a share on the Fibers side and yet you're guiding to negative $0.40 for the year and you're saying that things are playing out as expected. I just, I guess, I want to follow up on your confidence level there and do you have contracts in place, are there orders already on the books that give you the confidence that we are going to see that pickup in the latter part of this year?
Curtis E. Espeland - Eastman Chemical Co.: So, the answer to your answer, Frank  this is Curt  the answer is, yes. We have a good portion of our business under long-term agreements. What we've talked about is we're kind of going through this transition of some of our customer mix and so that's why we understand what's happening in our volumes in this business, where we're going to see volumes improve the second half of the year versus the first half. And because of those customer relationships and the confidence we have in managing through the transition is the outlook we have for Fibers.
Mark J. Costa - Eastman Chemical Co.: And, Frank, looking beyond just the sort of share shift dynamics and what's going on this year, we really feel like we're making great progress in stabilizing this business. And when you think about all the actions that we've taken, I think it's certainly going to get more stable. We've obviously done a lot to sort of reduce our capacity, shutting the U.K. asset down, exiting the flake joint venture. Two-thirds of our volume now in the long-term agreements that allow us to provide stability for our customers and ourselves, continue to make progress on how we take costs out across the company, but as well as specifically in this business and we still have more opportunities to improve through productivity there. And then you think about our innovation efforts, that will start kicking into gear this year and be more meaningful next year, finding new applications in other markets, outside of cigarettes. And I'm really impressed with the progress that team has made and the success we're having there. So you put all that together and I think we've got a good situation to stabilize this business. One other thing to keep in perspective is, China tow now is closely becoming irrelevant to the overall story. When you think about, it only  it being less than 10% of our revenue this year and Fibers being around 10% of our total revenue, we're now got something that's 1% of our corporate revenue and that we're talking about as far as future import uncertainty when it comes to China. So we're not happy about where we are and how earnings have dropped associated with that business. But as you think about it going forward, that just adds another element of stability, because there is just less risk there.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right. Got you, got you. One can hope that the change in ownership structure of the industry might also help. And can you provide an update on your $100 million productivity program in 2017 and where you were in Q1 and the expectations as we go through the year?
Curtis E. Espeland - Eastman Chemical Co.: Sure. Well, Mark mentioned our aggressive cost actions are on track to deliver about $100 million of cost reduction year-over-year. As a reminder, Frank, these are actions that include labor, site optimization, energy efficiency, et cetera. So given the nature of that, I would say roughly 75% of our cost reductions are going to be kind of in that manufacture and supply chain cost area and with its large manufacturing base, Chemical Intermediates gets a good portion of those cost reductions in their results. And so, you saw some of those benefits in the first quarter. Sometimes when things are going through inventory, it's always hard to predict exactly what was in first quarter versus the rest of the year, but the simplest way I'd look at the $100 million of cost reductions, good line of sight, we're implementing as we speak and all these are generally spread throughout the year evenly.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Evenly. Thank you so much.
Operator: And we'll go to the next question, comes from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yes. Hi, good morning.
Mark J. Costa - Eastman Chemical Co.: Good morning.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Couple of questions on the Taminco business. I know you have a methanol contract that runs through 2019. But with methanol price volatility what was the impact on Taminco's amines business; and then ag chemicals particularly herbicides and pesticides have been somewhat under pressure. Is that impacting Taminco as well?
Mark J. Costa - Eastman Chemical Co.: So Taminco has been a great acquisition, really done incredibly well. As you noted methanol obviously came off with oil dropping from $150 and that created some pressure on our earnings in 2015 and 2016, but most of the contraction in Taminco are cost pass-through tied to market methanol. And as you noted we have an advantaged methanol position for a part of our cost structures. So as oil has gone up that's been helping that business improve this year versus last. So that's all sort of on track as you would expect. On the growth side, a lot of the business that they are in is quite stable personal care, animal nutrition, even our crop protection business in the additives & functional products business is perishable products. These are high value typically green product, green vegetables or flowers whatever so there is not as much demand cyclicality as you hear about in sort of corn and soy bean. So the only place we've been caught in these sort of crop demand cycle is in some of our functional amines over in Chemical Intermediates. And obviously our demand was off with the industry where we are starting to see some recovery there this year, but there is still a lot of room for growth and recovery there, that we're looking forward to realizing as we move forward from this year into the next.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you. And you mentioned  I looked through the tow line and what's going on there. Do you think there is room for more consolidation after the Blackstone-Solvay deal, or is it just a case of trying to see who checks capacity down next?
Mark J. Costa - Eastman Chemical Co.: Well, I think that, what I'm proud of is, we've been very responsible managing our cost structure and taking out capacity to be better aligned in serving our customers doing what we can do in the last couple of years with the UK tow shutdown and our exit of flake JV. We're down to our last flake asset, and the tow that goes with it and we have the lowest cost position with our integration back to coal and our largest  larger scale in the industry. So, we've done what we can do. Regards the industry consolidation, I don't think, we play a direct role in that, I think it's really up to what the other three players choose to do, and it's better to ask them what they think is going to happen.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. And also you mentioned repurposing some capacity, when we do we begin to see effects of that? Thank you.
Mark J. Costa - Eastman Chemical Co.: Sorry, could you repeat that question, you got garbled.
Gregory A. Riddle - Eastman Chemical Co.: He is asking about repurposing capacity for tow?
Mark J. Costa - Eastman Chemical Co.: Oh, sure. P.J., I think that we have the best innovation capability hands down when it comes to taking a technology stream, and taking it into a wide range of new applications. We've been doing it for 90 years. We've done it in polyester, we've done in cellulosics, we've done it in a narrow part of olefins, we know how to do this. We've created all these different products for the industry. So we didn't stop suddenly and run out of ideas. When the two assets are running really tight, there wasn't a lot of need to do it. But as we saw things start to get a little bit softer in 2014, we formed the best people we had across the company in market development, and product development, and they just had tremendous success in developing a range of new applications. We're not going to talk about them specifically at this point because we are still in the middle of getting them in the market, and getting all the IP finalized on some of these opportunities, but we'll be telling you more about it as we go through the year, but  and the margins aren't going to be as good as tow just to be clear. There are some that are low margins, some that are pretty attractive margins, but it's all against zero at the moment with the excess capacity we have. So it's all good earnings growth going forward.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. I'll actually give up my first question. Give kudos to Frank Mitsch, I can't wait to read the transcript. As my follow-up, could you remind us of the range of transactions that you're entertaining at Longview? At the low end, I think it's just the idle capacity. What's the high end of the scope that you're considering?
Mark J. Costa - Eastman Chemical Co.: Well, what we've talked about is the scope of our assets that were available is excess ethylene that's the baseline, because we don't feel that we're potentially the most natural owner of that excess ethylene position. And what we've talked about on top of it is  we are willing to talk to different parties about some of the more commodity olefins for those crackers. We have not sized that John, and that's because it varies by party. But the baseline is definitely at least the excess ethylene.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go to the next question from Mike Sison with KeyBanc.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, guys. Nice start to the year. In terms of ASP, volume growth continues to be very good. When do you think you turn the corner and generate some EBIT growth, I know raw materials are kind of squeezing in near-term, but does that show up in 2Q, and 3Q and 4Q?
Curtis E. Espeland - Eastman Chemical Co.: Yeah. So, we're happy about the growth we've seen in the volume side and we expect good volume growth as we go forward. When it comes to the pricing side of equation, we were successful in getting price increases implemented in many products across the olefins, cellulosics, and amines products. As already noted, prices are coming off of a little bit in adhesives and we're seeing prices come off a little bit in Crystex, which has been a natural dynamic for some time. So, we net it all together, we'll see prices go up in the second quarter. We are still intending to continue increasing prices beyond the second quarter as well, as these raw materials flow through. But I think it's more of a back half dynamic than a front half, when you start seeing the earnings growth on a year-over-year basis, because the raw materials spike was pretty big and the first quarter flows through pretty slowly especially. So, we've still got to work our way through that in the second quarter.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. And then just shifting gears, a lot of the growth that you're seeing in the specialty businesses, you found them with the acquisitions, any change and maybe looking for some bolt-ons to add to your specialty portfolio?
Mark J. Costa - Eastman Chemical Co.: Yeah. We're always looking for how to build the quality of our current businesses and so the bolt-ons are always an opportunity in addition to the organic growth that we are doing. And so that's always a consideration that we have when we look at how to best deploy our free cash flow, but I'll tell you right now we don't have anything active. But I certainly hope, we find some attractive acquisitions I think we've demonstrated that we have a very impressive track record of doing great acquisitions, and doing them in ways that we don't overpay for them. I like the fact that we haven't paid over 10 times for anything, 9 times for our two largest acquisitions and synergies, giving us EBITDA multiples below 7. I think that's a good return for investors; but more importantly by far, we've done an excellent job of integrating these acquisitions into our company without losing any key talent. And more importantly beyond that is, we are now demonstrating that we can not only innovate in our core heritage Eastman technologies, but we can deliver innovation through our acquisitions and grow them equally well. And you're seeing that evidence right now with a strong growth in our interlayers business and acoustics and heads-up display. You see the next generation Crystex technology being launched next generation paint performance film. So really a great story about how we create value through acquisitions.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And going to our next question, it comes from Laurence Alexander from Jefferies.
Daniel Rizzo - Jefferies LLC: Good morning. This is Dan Rizzo on for Laurence. How are you?
Mark J. Costa - Eastman Chemical Co.: Hey, Dan.
Curtis E. Espeland - Eastman Chemical Co.: Good morning.
Daniel Rizzo - Jefferies LLC: You mentioned before that you thought with olefins pricing being relatively remaining up through the third quarter, I was just wondering what your thoughts are with pricing towards the end of the year and into 2018, if you're expecting some easing with your outlook and what's your overall assumptions?
Curtis E. Espeland - Eastman Chemical Co.: Well, maybe, I don't want to get into the business of trying to forecast the pricing of the different olefins. Maybe the better way that I could address your question is, kind of how we're looking at cracking spreads, maybe a better way to approach it. And so when you're looking over our cracking spreads, they are a little better year-over-year in the first quarter than we probably were anticipating back in January. And we're still thinking for the rest of this year, there is going to be some ebbs and flows, but generally speaking we're assuming spreads will remain the same roughly for the remainder of the year as they were last year.
Daniel Rizzo - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then your comments about the shift in acetate tow and the reduction in Chinese influence, does that possibly suggest that the end  towards the end of this year we are hitting the trough in the decline for that business or is 2018 perhaps another more modest leg lower?
Curtis E. Espeland - Eastman Chemical Co.: No, I don't think, there is any reason for us to think 2018 is another modest leg lower. Obviously, it's not completely up to us and how the market dynamics play out, but from a demand point of view, we see stability. As I said, we're down to  China tow import business being a very small percentage of fibers and a rounding area in the corporate story. So, it's not as big of an issue as it was two years to three years ago, but we'll have to see. I mean, I think that we've done everything we can do, I'm very encouraged by what we see in the industry, I mean we're encouraged by how we're going to fill these assets with new applications. So, we're planning on stability in 2018 relative to 2017.
Daniel Rizzo - Jefferies LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: And we'll take the next question from Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets.
Gregory A. Riddle - Eastman Chemical Co.: And let's just make the next question the last one please.
Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thanks. Just curious, maybe you can just touch a little bit on China, as a region, what you're seeing, what you're gaining from your customers there across a couple of different businesses and then similarly with the automotives? Thanks.
Mark J. Costa - Eastman Chemical Co.: Asia's been great, China including that  in that statement which is the largest market for us. We've seen great growth in our specialty businesses both advanced materials and additives & functional products, saw growth in automotive as well as building construction and consumer durables are all showing great growth. In fact, it's impressive when you look at our quarterly revenue growth in Asia being 3.5% over last year in the first quarter, when you consider the drop we had in fibers revenue in Asia. So I think it tells you that the growth in Asia is quite a bit stronger than what you are seeing in the specialties, when you do the net math on that.
Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And just as a follow-up, you had experienced some competitive pressure in a couple of different markets, mainly adhesives and plasticizers as it relates to raws in the past, have you seen any of that or do you think that the market's still irrational now? Thanks?
Mark J. Costa - Eastman Chemical Co.: The plasticizer market has certainly become a lot better, partly it's propylene cost and oil prices being higher raising the cost structures of our competitors. In addition, the anti-dumping duties that we pursued against South Korea for some imports coming in and that suit being validated in the preliminary findings in the U.S. has led to a pretty material drop in  already a pretty material drop in the imports coming in from that country, allowing us both volume growth and price improvement in that market, we feel really good about that. And I think I've already covered the adhesives conversation, Arun with the prices coming off a bit there.
Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thanks.
Gregory A. Riddle - Eastman Chemical Co.: Great. Thanks again everyone for joining us this morning. A web replay, a replay in downloadable mp3 format will be available on our website later this morning. Have a great day.
Operator: And that will conclude today's conference. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-27 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Riddle - Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications Mark Costa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Curt Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Louis Reavis - Manager, Investor Relations
Analysts: David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Kevin McCarthy - Vertical Research Partners John Roberts - UBS James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Ryan Berney - Goldman Sachs Frank Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities Mike Leithead - Barclays Mike Sison - KeyBanc Capital Dan Rizzo - Jefferies P.J. Juvekar - Citi Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Nils Wallin - CLSA
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company Fourth Quarter Full Year 2016 Conference. Todays conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastmans website at www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Greg Riddle: Okay. Thank you, Ebony and good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Curt Espeland, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Louis Reavis, Manager, Investor Relations. Before we begin, I will cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the companys fourth quarter and full year 2016 financial results news release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Form 10-Q filed for third quarter 2016 and the Form 10-K to be filed for 2016. Second, earnings per share and operating earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain non-core costs, charges and gains, adjusted operating cash flow and adjusted free cash flow exclude acceleration pension payments. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded items are available in the fourth quarter and full year 2016 financial results news release, which can be found on our website, www.eastman.com in the Investors section. Projections of future earnings also exclude any non-core, unusual or non-recurring items. With that, I will turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Costa: Good morning, everyone. I will start on Slide 3. 2016 was a solid year for Eastman as we made great progress on our strategy to transform towards a specialty portfolio. Our innovative specialty businesses continue to grow strongly, improving product mix and accelerating our overall earnings growth. Strong contributors included many of our premium products, such as Tritan, Saflex acoustics and heads-up display inter-layers, Crystex tire additives, tire resins and performance films. In particular, growth in the premium products has been a key driver for the Advanced Materials segment, which has grown operating earnings for four consecutive years, with a compound annual growth rate of over 20%. On cost management, we did an outstanding job in 2016, reflecting very strong productivity gains. Overall, we were able to offset cost inflation by about $100 million with the actions we took at the beginning of the year. And we will deliver another $100 million to the bottom line in 2017 from the actions we took in the fourth quarter. All of this was achieved without sacrificing our investments in our long-term growth initiatives. We also continued to generate strong cash flow in 2016, with adjusted free cash flow of over $900 million. We increased our dividend by over 10% in 2016, the seventh straight year of increases. Over that time, we have more than doubled our dividend, providing attractive yield to investors. And we improved our debt profile by taking advantage of the European debt market twice, which further strengthened our balance sheet. Finally, we remain committed to returning cash to our stockholders, with over $400 million returned in the combination of dividends and share repurchases. This performance reflects the strength of Eastmans portfolio, the integration and scale that has been built over decades and our strong team of employees who consistently deliver results for our stakeholders. It also demonstrates that we can execute on things that we can control, from cost reductions to returning cash to our shareholders to innovating throughout our enterprise, and now I will talk more about that. Moving next to Slide 4, we had an outstanding series of successes with our innovation portfolio in 2016. As I have mentioned in previous calls, we are not waiting around for market growth, we are focused on creating our own growth. Throughout last year, we have told you success stories on Tritan, Tetrashield, Saflex, tire resins among other innovations. These programs are continuing to accelerate with more customer validation of these innovative differentiated products, which will enable strong growth in the future. Through this year, you will also hear about other programs that are starting to gain traction, such as next generation Crystex, Aerafin polymers for hot melt adhesives, microfibers and textiles and non-wovens and new cellulose ester applications, with many more to come in the pipeline. These successes are a testament to our ability to leverage our expertise in key world class technology platforms, both where Eastman has been a leader for decades in the platforms that we have acquired. We are realizing compelling benefits from our significant investment or our application development capabilities, which has been critical to our successful launches into these new market applications. We will continue to accelerate our innovation in market development initiatives. In 2016, we delivered more than $200 million of new business closes. And as we look into 2017, we are confident that our rate of commercialized new innovation programs will accelerate. I have increasing confidence in the breadth and depth of our innovation portfolio, which is significantly more compelling today than it was 3 years ago. We are building the foundation for the future and we increased  and we will increase our investment in our innovation efforts, which are a key to the long-term success of Eastman. And I have a lot more to say about the progress we are making with our portfolio throughout the year. Now, I will hand over the call to Curt to cover the financial details for 2016 and then I will come back to talk about 2017.
Curt Espeland: Thanks, Mark and good morning everyone. Since we have a lot to cover today, I will try to be brief as possible with my comments. Starting with our fourth quarter corporate results on Slide 5, we delivered solid earnings despite the challenges we faced during the quarter. The decline in revenue largely reflected lower selling prices attributed to lower raw material and energy costs and lower fiber sales volumes, more than offsetting the higher sale volume in each of our other segments and mix improvement from strong growth in high-margin innovation products. Operating earnings were down slightly. Headwinds include lower selling prices and lower fiber sales volume. Positives included strong volume growth in all other segments and the positive impact from cost reduction actions taken throughout the year. Operating margins for the quarter were flat against the year ago quarter. Next to Slide 6, looking at the full year, we delivered solid results despite significant headwinds reflecting the strength and robustness of our strategy to transform to a specialty portfolio. Overall, sales revenue decreased primarily due to lower selling prices and lower fiber sales volumes more than offsetting higher sales volume in the other segments and mix improvement from strong growth in high-margin innovative products. Our operating earnings declined as an increase in Advanced Materials was more than offset by declines in the other segment. Operating earnings also benefited from cost reduction actions. Our operating margin for the year was 17%, and our adjusted EBITDA margin was over 23%, which is one of the most attractive in our industry. Overall, good results in a challenging business climate. Moving next to the segment results beginning on Slide 7 and starting with Advanced Materials, which had another exceptional year as they continued to deliver impressive growth driven by our innovation platforms. Fourth quarter earnings increased year-over-year due to higher sales volume, particularly from double-digit growth of high-margin innovative products, was partially offset by lower selling prices, primarily for core co-polyesters attributed to lower raw material and energy costs. Sequentially, volume in operating earnings declined due to normal seasonality as well as higher operating costs. Fourth quarter was also a tough comparison versus our record third quarter results on a sequential basis. For the year, sales revenue increased due to double-digit volume growth of premium products, including Eastman Tritan co-polyester, Saflex acoustic inter-layers and performance films. The volume and mix improvement was partially offset by lower selling prices, primarily for co-polyesters attributed to lower raw material and energy costs. Operating earnings were up 15% for the year primarily driven by higher sales volume, improved product mix and lower unit costs due to higher capacity utilization. The operating margin increased more than 200 basis points to over 19% from just under 17% in 2015. These results reflect execution of a multiyear strategy to deliver strong earnings growth and we expect to build on this success going forward, including another year of double-digit volume growth for Tritan and acoustics and heads-up display inter-layers in 2017. Overall, outstanding results for 2016 which continues Advanced Materials track record of success. And on Slide 8, as you think about Advanced Materials going forward, we are well positioned for another year of solid growth. Specifically, I would like to highlight the following growth drivers for 2017. Strong volume growth above global GDP, driven by favorable trends such as the continued shift to higher quality plastics in medical applications and vehicle light weighting. Continued growth from higher margin innovative product lines, driving mix improvement and additional fixed cost leverage as we fill out assets. We do anticipate some incremental earnings pressure from higher raw material and energy costs as there is typically a lag in pricing relative to raw material costs for our specialty product line. And with almost 60% of their revenue outside of North America, this segment is impacted by the strengthening dollar. But overall, despite these raw material and currency headwinds, we expect another year of solid earnings growth in Advanced Materials. Moving next to Additives & Functional Products on Slide 9, fourth quarter sales revenue and operating earnings declined as 3% higher sales volume across the segment was more than offset by lower selling prices, primarily due to lower methanol costs. Sequentially, sales revenue and operating earnings declined as volume was lower attributed to normal seasonality demand while pricing stabilized compared to the third quarter. For the full year 2016, sales revenue declined primarily due to lower selling prices, attributed to lower raw material and energy costs, partially offset by higher sales volume across the segment. Operating earnings decreased, primarily due to lower selling prices, more than offsetting lower raw material and energy costs and higher sales volume. And the operating margin remained strong at 21%. One other item to remind you, we have been operating under a new organizational structure for a few quarters now, which resulted in some major product moves between Additives & Functional Products and Chemical Intermediates. As you consider the year-over-year comps, about $20 million or more of cost flowed through Additives & Functional Products in 2016 than was reflected in the $660 million recast view for their 2015 earnings, while approximately $20 million less flowed to Chemical Intermediates. Looking forward to 2017, Additives & Functional Products on Slide 10. Key growth drivers for this segment include solid GDP plus volume growth, a diversified application portfolio, which is well aligned with macro trends, a portfolio of growth platforms that we expect will accelerate product mix improvement. We expect these growth drivers will partially be offset by higher raw material and energy costs and the stronger dollar. Similar to our specialty product lines in Advanced Materials, there is normally a six-month lag for pricing to catch up to rising raw materials in this segment. And given that 35% of that as a functional products revenue is in Europe, plus partially offset by our local manufacturing, they are exposed to a strengthening dollar against the euro. Overall, we expect solid earnings growth in 2017, driven by a combination of strong volume growth and continued contributions from our innovation initiatives. Now to Chemical Intermediates on Slide 11. Fourth quarter sales revenue increased, primarily due to the higher sales volume of olefin-based and functional amines product. Operating earnings increased, primarily due to higher sales volume, stable margins and the reduced impact of commodity hedge losses on raw material costs. Full year sales revenue decreased due to the lower selling prices, partially offset by higher sales volume of olefin-based and functional amines products. The lower selling prices were primarily attributed to lower raw material and energy costs, as well as competitive pressures due to lower oil prices for most of the year. Operating earnings increased due to lower selling prices, which more than offset lower raw material and energy costs, higher sales volumes and a reduced impact to commodity hedge losses on raw material costs. On Slide 12, for Chemical Intermediates in 2017, we anticipate strong earnings improvement, driven by solid end market demand. We are assuming full year olefin spreads in 2017 will be similar to 2016. We expect to realize the benefits of commodity hedges continue to roll off and we expect operational excellence. Overall, 2017 should be a very strong recovery year for Chemical Intermediates. I will finish the segment review with Fibers on Slide 13. Full year revenue declined, primarily due to lower sales volume and lower selling prices for acetate tow. As expected, acetate tow volumes were down approximately 10% for the year. Operating earnings were down year-over-year due to lower sales volume. Lower selling prices were offset by lower operating costs, resulting from recent actions and lower raw material and energy costs. Despite the challenge from lower volume and lower selling prices, the operating margin for this segment remained at 31%. Looking forward, we continue to work through customer negotiations for 2017 and anticipate earnings for this segment could be down up to 25% for the year versus our previous guidance of 20% down. This change is due to uncertainty in China demand. Our expectation is outside of China has not changed as we expect tow volume outside China to be roughly flat relative to last year. We expect to have more clarity around imports into China by our first quarter call. I will also mention that approximately two-thirds of our tow business is now under multi-year customer agreements, which should help stabilize both the volume and pricing moving forward. We remain confident in our long-term position and strongly believe that Fibers will continue to be a valuable business for Eastman. On Slide 14, I will transition to an overview of our cash flow and other financial highlights for 2016. We did an excellent job of generating cash in 2016 with adjusted operating cash flow of just over $1.5 billion. In line with our expectations, capital expenditures totaled $626 million, as we maintained our growth investments while managing the pace of spend with the economic environment. Looking forward, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $575 million in 2017, although we may moderately adjust this number up or down, depending on the economic environment we see this year as well as we go into 2018. Adjusted free cash flow for the year was $909 million, excluding an additional $150 million contribution to our U.S. pension plan in the fourth quarter, rather than what we would have contributed over the next 2 years to 3 years. This investment is not only in accretive, it is in the tax efficient use of cash, but also brought our funding status globally to approximately 90%. Looking at the balance sheet, net debt stands at approximately $6.4 billion as of the end of the year reflecting our over $400 million in debt reduction for the year. We delivered on our commitment to reduce net debt by $1 billion over the last 2 years, reducing debt by a total of $955 million and $159 million in debt like obligations in the fourth quarter with that accelerated pension contribution. Our impressive cash flow, strong balance sheet and liquidity keep Eastman in a position of strength in an uncertain economy. Additionally, we remain committed to returning cash to stockholders. Our full year dividend was $272 million and this included an increase in the fourth quarter of over 10%. And we had $145 million in share repurchases through the year, including $25 million in the fourth quarter. The combination of regular increases in our dividend and share repurchases reflect our continued confidence in our future earnings and cash flows. And finally, our effective tax rate for the year was approximately 21%, reflecting the continued benefits of our improvement in business operations and other positive tax attributes. We expect the effective tax rate for 2017 will be approximately 23%, although we will continue to pursue opportunities to reduce this rate further during the course of the year, overall a strong year of financial results. Next on Slide 15, during the quarter, we opportunistically refinanced borrowings with longer term European debt and a term loan with very attractive rate. The restructuring is focused on extinguishing maturities for the next 2 years by repurchasing our 2017 and 2018 debt securities and retiring higher interest rate debt as you can see on the chart, all while ensuring we maintain healthy levels of pre-payable debt to achieve any de-leveraging goals that we need to pursue. This initiative reduces Eastmans weighted average cost of fixed debt from 4% to 3.7% and increases the weighted average maturity from 10 years to 11 years. Additionally, this transaction will result in an estimated net interest expense savings of approximately $25 million  $20 million for the year, with further savings in the following years. Overall, a great value creating transaction for Eastman, especially with the recent increases in rates, so I really appreciate the leadership of our Treasurer, Keith Jennings and the Eastman team and our advisors, who are helping us to improve an already attractive debt profile. On Slide 16, we have recognized the current economic environment we faced requires aggressive cost management above and beyond our annual productivity initiatives to offset inflation. We are very confident that we will hit our 2017 cost reduction target, which we expect will contribute approximately $0.50 of earnings per share in 2017. As you think about the cost reductions a large portion are on manufacturing and the supply chain areas. And given the nature of these cost reductions, the larger share will be realized in Chemical Intermediates as they manage the big engine manufacturing engines. I want to emphasize that we are achieving these cost reductions without sacrificing investment in innovation and market development initiatives and these cost reductions are well in hand. So with that, I will turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Costa: Thanks, Curt. On Slide 17, I will discuss our 2017 outlook. We are doing a great job of executing our strategy in a challenging global business climate. Strong growth of high-value innovative products continues as we benefit from leading positions in attractive niche markets. We are increasing our investment in innovation and product development so we can accelerate around them in the coming years. And we are seeing the benefits of scale and integration, translating this attractive growth into earnings. Additionally, our growth in innovation has leveraged to attractive disruptive macro trends in areas such us health and wellness, energy efficiency and the emerging middle class. This enables us to grow faster than the underlying markets with our new innovative products. At the same time, we are achieving our cost reduction goals. And I cant say enough about our employees around the world who make this possible. We also benefit this year from the net of propane and currency hedges continuing to roll off and we continue to use all lines in the income statement to support our EPS growth. All of these actions are helping to offset the challenges we continue to face, including sluggish global GDP growth, a stronger dollar, volatile raw material and energy prices and the challenges we face in fibers. Putting all this together, we maintained our prior guidance of 8% to 12% EPS growth. We continue to expect earnings per share to increase at least 8%. Depending how the variables I mentioned play out, EPS could be as high as 12%. We also expect strong free cash flow this year of approximately $1 billion, which is one of the strongest yields in the industry. And we are creating value for our stakeholders with our balanced and disciplined allocation of this cash. You should expect an acceleration of share repurchases continue de-levering at an increasing dividend. In summary, on Slide 18, we have a strong portfolio of specialty businesses. We will continue to drive organic growth, accelerate innovation and improve our product mix. We are committed to using every lever we have in this challenging environment and we will return our strong free cash flow to stockholders. I am confident that 2017 will be a strong year for Eastman with increasing earnings and a record free cash flow. Most importantly, I believe that we are building one of the worlds leading specialty companies to deliver long-term sustainable growth. Thanks for joining us this morning, and I look forward to your questions.
Greg Riddle: Thanks Mark. We have a lot of people on the line this morning and wed like to get to as many questions as possible. So please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. With that, Ebony, we are ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first caller, David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
David Begleiter: Thanks. Good morning.
Mark Costa: Good morning, Dave.
David Begleiter: Mark, you referenced the lag in catching up to the higher propane and propylene prices, can you discuss the impact or how that flows through Q1 versus Q2? I assumed Q1 might be a little bit weaker, but you should catch up in Q2 and Q3?
Mark Costa: Hi, David. I think you sort of summarized it well. With the Chemical Intermediates business, we are already seeing prices go up now as we keep track with the way our raw material prices are moving in the marketplace. But when you think about the specialties, whether its Advanced Materials or Additives & Functional Products, there is always a bit of lag in how your prices adjust. And its usually a 3 to 6-month lag from when Ross moved to when you see prices go up. We are moving aggressively on how we try and do that. But a lot of places, the specialty businesses have quarterly prices. So we feel good about our ability to get the prices up, it just takes a little time. And its the same on the downside we benefit a lot when Ross came up for the same reason.
David Begleiter: And Mark, just on the free cash, ex the dividends you need to pay, should  most of that cash go to share buybacks?
Mark Costa: All the cash will not go to share buybacks. We are extremely happy to set a record in free cash flow this year and looking forward to that number. But you got to remember that a portion of it goes to dividends, which would be about $300 million. And then you have got the remainder being split between share repurchases and de-levering.
David Begleiter: And how much de-leveraging do you think you will do in 2017?
Curt Espeland: David, this is Curt. What Mark is saying is about half of that remaining $700 million roughly free cash flow will be split between share repurchases and de-leveraging.
David Begleiter: Thank you very much.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, good morning. Thank you. With regard to Advanced Materials, Mark, would you comment on your expected margin trajectory, 2017 versus 2016? Would you expect that to be flat, up or down?
Mark Costa: We think that the Advanced Materials margins will be relatively flat. I mean, Advanced Materials has had a phenomenal run. They have had 4 years of compounded growth to 20%, all driven by volume and mix and fixed cost leverage, very little of it has been raw material tailwinds. And so its been just a great story. As you look at 17, we continue to expect very strong volume and mix growth. We have got so many great things happening on the innovation front there. We expect another year of double-digit growth and Tritan and Saflex acoustics inter-layer products as well as heads up display and performance films, so growing a lot faster in those key products than high margins improving mix. But at the same time, as I just I said to Davids question, you do have raw materials moving up and there is a little bit of lag, prices catch up to Ross just like it would happen in Additives & Functional products, you have also got currency as a headwind and some startup costs around our two growth investments in PVB and Tritan, which are going to be great to support our growth long-term. So when you net it altogether, it moderates the rate of earnings growth and we will expect this year from the prior years, but still a solid year of earnings growth and the way that margins sort of works out with all those moving parts is margins stay about flat.
Kevin McCarthy: Okay. And then a follow-up for Curt if I may, on pension. It looks like you injected $150 million in the quarter, making $200 million for 2016. What is your expectation for pension contributions in 2017 please?
Curt Espeland: That would be  that $150 million was accelerating contributions we would have made in 17 and 18, maybe a little into 19. So we will not be making any pension contributions in the U.S. in 2017.
Kevin McCarthy: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from John Roberts with UBS. Please go ahead.
John Roberts: Thank you. There is another ethylene asset being sold, do you think we will have to wait for that to be agreed to as a deal before we can get a deal for your Longview operations?
Mark Costa: Well, first of all, John, I think it has some impact on our process, but we will continue to have a number of parties actively engaged in our process. And maybe just to recap that, we are continuing to work a variety of options from outright sale partnership and commercial options. Each negotiation has its own scope, structure and timeline. I dont think thats  as I think about those negotiations, I dont think they are dramatically impacted by whats going on with the competing asset, but we will see. But its just not your typical divesture process. So we are going to continue to be a patient seller. We will see how these things play out in the marketplace as we try to create some value with this transaction. So, its just going to take some time.
John Roberts: And then in cigarette filter tow, you are going to have a new owner of a competitor do you consider that good, bad or neutral to the competitive dynamics?
Mark Costa: Blackstone is a company who has owned us as a tow business before and understands the industry and I think has been a very rational player back in their history, where they saw the value of rationalizing high cost assets to be better positioned to serve their customers. So I think that as a new owner in this industry, I would expect thats a good thing and more continued rational behavior. I assume they are going to have a decent amount of debt on that deal and be very focused on cash flow generation, which is I think senseful.
John Roberts: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from James Sheehan with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please go ahead.
James Sheehan: Good morning. Could you elaborate further on what you are seeing in China in terms of filter tow demand being a little weaker than you expected? What are the dynamics there?
Mark Costa: Sure. Before I get to that, I just want to be clear and emphasize something Curt said, nothing has changed outside of China. So we have held our market share and expect volume to be flat. Prices will come off as we defend our market share. So I think that thats played out. The incremental 5% change in our guidance is really about demand in China. And it really is still more of a de-stocking story more than anything else that we can sort out at this stage. The Chinese National Tobacco Company is extremely focused on destocking, at all levels, whether its retail, wholesale or tow and are continuing to that. They intend to hold production rates basically flat to last year of cigarettes. But want to continue pulling down some tow inventory from what we can tell on that gets us to that potential 5% down. I would be clear that, that is not yet finalized. And so we will have to wait and see how those contract negotiations complete. But it seems about the right direction. I would note there is a couple of other things around this business. One is for the first time CNTC has actually published data about the retail inventory level and suggests that its declined 30% from where they were a few years ago, which is actually quite good news, assuming the data is accurate. Because if you think about cigarette production, its only declined about 5% in that same timeframe, it would suggest that retail demand out there is still healthy sort of for the reinforcing the de-stocking theory about whats going on in China. Looking forward though, as we look at all of this, we are doing everything we can to stabilize this business. So we are now in a position where we got about two-thirds of our tow demand in long-term agreements for both supply as well as price. We are obviously, taking out a lot of costs across the company, over $100 million of cost reduction and bottom line to offset this headwind and others. And we are hopeful that the industry will continue to rationalize high cost assets. There is a number of them out there, its really for our competitors to decide what to do because we are down to our largest integrated position with the best cost position in flake and the tow capacity that matches with it. And we are also not waiting around for demand to get better. We have some great innovation efforts going on in this business around leveraging these assets into new market applications outside of cigarettes and making tremendous progress. I am hoping I will be able to tell you some of those successes this year as we are getting pretty close. So a lot of things we are doing to sort of stabilize the business, grow in other direction to improve asset utilization, but it still looks like there is some de-stocking to be done and we will walk our way through.
James Sheehan: Terrific. And following upon this question before on the Longview cracker, are you still focusing on the first half of 2017 of having sort of a permanent arrangement settled for that and also can you update us on the pipeline dispute please?
Curt Espeland: Sure. I will do that in reverse order. On the pipeline dispute, we continue to win on all fronts, including a favorable ruling we have had on the tariff dispute as well. So the bottom line, the pipeline dispute really doesnt concern me and there is no longer a rate limiting factor around our efforts to sell this, exit that plant and commodity derivatives. From the timeline, the assets, we are still trying to target something by mid-year. But as I mentioned, these are all unique negotiations going on. Some could be longer or shorter and we will just see how those play out over the next several months.
James Sheehan: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our next question from Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Ryan Berney: Good morning. This is Ryan Berney on for Bob.
Mark Costa: Good morning.
Ryan Berney: The Additives & Functional Products volumes ticked up decently this quarter and look like it was your best quarter of the year, so I was hoping you could maybe give a little color around the underlying components there around the businesses and individual volume numbers and then maybe how those have trended so far in the first quarter?
Mark Costa: Sure. We are quite excited about seeing the improvement in volumes and it really was across many fronts in the fourth quarter. So we saw strength in coatings, saw strength in adhesives and care chemicals. We even had some de-stocking go on in tires, so the growth rate was even better in those other segments when you factor that in and that de-stocking seems to have cleared. So as we look at that momentum going into the first quarter in the year, we continue to expect strong growth. We see very solid orders, actually strong orders in January. And we think that the underlying markets, whenever you think about the key markets we are leveraged to transportation, building construction, and consumables, care chemicals within that, there is a lot of great trends going on, a lot of optimism on the consumer side and you are seeing it from a number of companies where demand is holding up quite well there. So we expect good underlying market growth as we go into this year. On top of that, we are creating our own growth. We have some great innovation happening across AFP and getting traction. We already have double-digit growth happening in tire resins and that will continue. We have other new innovation projects starting to gain traction and we will put some volume points on the board this year in our Tetrashield polyester coatings and our new Aerafin polymers for adhesives. So you have got a number of places where innovation is going to drive more growth like we do in Advanced Materials on top of the market. And in addition to that, we have got specialty fluid having some very large solar fills. They have done some great jobs and winning some of the big projects and those fills are going to happen this year. So we feel really good about growth on the volumes side and AFP this year.
Ryan Berney: Great. Thank you. And then I also want to follow-up on the comment you had made a little earlier on the call around $20 million in costs between the Additives & Functional Products and Chemical Intermediates business, just I wasnt sure I heard it right, so I wanted to get more clarity on what exactly that was?
Curt Espeland: So if you just think about looking at 2016, if that exact cost structure we experienced in 2016 had been reflected in the 2015 recast, there would have been $20 million more costs in 2015 in AFP and thus lowering their 6.60 to 6.40, and the offsetting would have been in Chemical Intermediates, so just a way to think about the year-over-year comp between the 2 years.
Ryan Berney: Understand. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Frank Mitsch: Hey, good morning gentlemen.
Mark Costa: Good morning.
Curt Espeland: Good morning Frank.
Frank Mitsch: Hey. One of your Board members companies is noted for saying that their EPS growth forecasts are, commitments not aspirations and I guess I was a little surprised pleasantly to see that you are reiterating your 8% to 12% growth, especially as you talk about a challenging business climate out there, so I was just curious, what sort of GDP expectations do you have, what are your expectations regionally in terms of growth and how confident are you in that 8% to 12%?
Mark Costa: Thanks Frank for the question and obviously, very important one. We feel great about everything that we are doing thats in our control. So we are delivering and holding on to our core growth in our end markets and those end markets look like they are pretty good. We are delivering a lot of innovation. Its really starting to happen all over the place in Advanced Materials, AFP and even some in Fibers that gives you some additional growth as well as more importantly, the mix upgrade, because a lot of times, we are shifting asset from a standard product like a core copolyester to Tritan or standard interlayer to heads-up display interlayer, getting more capital efficiency and earnings lift of the same asset, so all thats going well. The cost management is in there, aggressively reducing cost, the hedges rolling off, as I said. So a lot of those things that you give you tailwind. As we look at the current market conditions, which I will explain in a moment, that gets us being closer to 8% in the range. And what we are assuming there Frank is that the underlying economy around the world is growing similar to last year, maybe slightly better. So solid U.S. growth, Europe sort of recovering, Asia growing better than the rest of the world, but still not a great rate. End markets, also solid growth, nothing too exciting. So thats sort of what gets into that closer to eight [ph] view of the world. Obviously, there is a lot of optimism about the economy getting better, number of companies talking about that. And if that plays out, thats going to be upside for us. Thats also translates to the second assumption, which is we are assuming sort of a normal pace of getting prices up in specialties relative to how raws moved. As the economy strengthens, if we can be more successful in pushing those raws through, obviously, that would create some upside relative to sort of where this were eight number. When you think about energy cost, we are using the forward curve on natural gas. Natural gas prices are likely to turn out to be lower than that, that will be some upside. Taxes, another place where right now, with the guidance that Curt gave you, we have got about 200 basis points headwind in tax and we have number of projects we are working hard right now to try and improve that tax rate. So there is a number of different things and we all know that olefins can go in any direction, better or worse, thats just an uncertainty. So I think that as you look at it, we are driving hard, we like the range that we have. With the world as we see it today, we are closer to 8, but there is clearly a lot of places to have upside.
Frank Mitsch: Thats very helpful. Appreciate it. And you did mention that you are counting on getting pricing up in the specialty side, you outlined the positive trends in AFP in terms of volumes, how is that trending so far in terms of getting pricing in AFP?
Curt Espeland: Yes. So I think that the AFP side is one thats had some good trends. So, we obviously had prices come off in the first half of last year as we talked about as we shared some of the raw material benefit that we held on to in 2015. And you can see that on the 14 to 15 to 16 chart that some of that margin expansion was shared, but not all. The good news is price is stabilized from the second quarter through the back half of the year. And that was important. As we move into the first quarter, we have a few places where we can get prices up, but a lot of it is going to lag, the raw materials. And so as I mentioned to Dave earlier, we will see that more in the second and third quarter as prices come up, but these are great products. And for the vast majority of what we have in AFP I think we will be able to sort of recover those raws. There are few places where we dont have pricing power like adhesives, where its been incredibly tight moving to more of a balanced situation and there is a little bit of Crystex prices coming off. But overall, we feel good about it.
Frank Mitsch: Alright, great. Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Duffy Fischer with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Mike Leithead: Hey, guys. This is Mike Leithead on for Duffy. Just real quick on the currency. Currency and commodities have moved kind of quite a bit in the past 3, 6 months, should we still expect propylene and FX hedges rolling off to be in that $0.30 benefit next year?
Curt Espeland: Well, sure. So, first of all, let me just remind you, overall we are assuming olefin spreads are the same as last year. However, we are using the forward curve on oil and natural gas. So, the absolute feedstocks are higher than last year as you can see in the marketplace today. So given this assumption, the net benefit or lets call it tailwind from the reduced commodity hedge costs, has actually increased over $0.50 a share versus the previous $0.40 a share on a year-over-year basis. The offsetting impact is still within the currency hedges that are rolling off, which is still probably now just over $0.10 a share. So, its now kind of roughly $0.40 a share net benefit of the hedges rolling off versus our previous outlook. But again, this is offset by the prices catching up the raw material that Mark talked about. Even in Chemical Intermediates, there can be a lag in pricing. We are also assuming higher energy cost and that is not as easily recovered in prices. And again, there is the impact of the stronger dollar on the hedged earnings. And since I am talking about the hedge, I also want to make sure it is a good chance to remind everyone that 80% of the benefit of the feedstock hedges rolling off go to Chemical Intermediates, the remainder will go to AFP and Advanced Materials, but then almost all the currency headwinds that I mentioned are going to be impacting the Advanced Materials and Additives & Functional Product lines.
Mark Costa: Yes. Just to pile on, something else I want to say is that we are officially out of the olefin forecasting business. I dont think anyone has been right in calling it, especially at the quarterly level about whats happening here. So, we are going to just continue to give you our assumptions that we have made. Obviously, everyone has got their own opinion of where its going to go, no matter where you look. And for us, I think we are fortunately headed to a story where this becomes less and less relevant. We have got the transformation where 70% of our earnings are going to the specialties. So, hopefully this is going to be less of a topic for us.
Mike Leithead: Got it. And then Mark, the tow industry has been quite volatile the past few years, do you think with the new industry contract structures and the new asset owner in the space, the industry is kind of structurally set up better to handle further volatility down the line, lets say, maybe it was 12, 24 months ago?
Mark Costa: Yes, I do. I think that we are highly committed as a key player in the industry to do everything we can to try and drive stability and provide disciplined behavior and we are going to continue doing that. And I do think the long-term contracts helped. Obviously, if someone starts rationalizing high-cost assets, improve their ability to serve their customers that would help. And I have every expectation that Blackstone will be a rationale behavior in the marketplace. So I think all these things help.
Mike Leithead: Thanks. Appreciate the color.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Mike Sison with KeyBanc Capital. Please go ahead.
Mike Sison: Hey, guys. Happy New Year.
Mark Costa: Hey, same to you.
Mike Sison: Mark, when you think about your bridge for 2017, just curious how much of that growth you think will come from your specialty businesses and AFP or maybe another way to look at it is just does the earnings growth of those two businesses kind of mirror the EPS growth potential that you see?
Mark Costa: Well, I think that EPS growth is, you got to remember there is other lines of the income statement as you flow from operating earnings to the bottom, right? So we have got things that we are going to do on improving interest costs. And the actions we took, we have things that we are doing to improve share count to keep in mind. But I do think what we are going to see is very solid earnings growth in the two specialty segments and pretty strong recovery in Chemical Intermediates. So, bigger percentage increase there, as the majority of those hedges rolling off flow into that segment. But overall, its going to be a great story of the three segments delivering important and valuable earnings growth and a lot of cash flow, obviously offsetting the headwinds we have in fibers.
Mike Sison: Great. And then as a quick follow-up, I know the focus initially is stock buyback and debt reduction, but I think you have done a good job of adding high-quality business to your portfolio, any thoughts on acquisitions and continuing to find specialty assets to add to Eastman?
Mark Costa: Look, I think we have had a very impressive track record of doing excellent M&A thats created a lot of value for our shareholders. I am very proud of all the acquisitions we did from Solutia, Taminco to Commonwealth to the DPA aviation turbine business, which has been powerful and tremendous in improving the quality of our earnings, the robustness to sort of withstand some of the headwinds we have seen in the last couple of years. And equally important, by the way, generate a lot of free cash flow. I mean, those businesses are just fantastic. And we didnt overpay for them, which is something I am quite proud of. Paying 9x EBITDA, with 7 or less after synergies, is a lot better than the way the transaction multiples are playing out these days. So as I have said in the past, we have no intention to do any large M&A at this stage. The multiple is being paid right now are way outside of the range that I think provide attractive return on capital to our shareholders. We are always interested and open to bolt-on M&A that has a very tight strategic fit to a business we are already in. And we will always be looking for those opportunities. I will tell you right now, I dont have anything in the pipeline that has any near-term possibilities. So, what we are focused on doing right now is what we have been doing, drive growth organic improvements, get all these innovation programs, delivering results, take the cost out where we can, deliver earnings and cash flow growth and return that free cash flow to shareholders and an increasing dividend in share repurchases. So thats our focus. I would really say for this year, for the great bolt-on M&A comes along that we havent thought of. We are always going to be smart and thoughtful about it, if it provides an attractive return.
Mike Sison: Great. Thanks Mark.
Operator: And we will move to our next question from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dan Rizzo: Good morning. This is Dan Rizzo on for Lawrence. You guys mentioned Tritan and Saflex 10% growers, was there any other I mean products that kind of stand out as something that is reaching that level or has the potential to reach that level in the next year or two?
Mark Costa: So, as I said, double-digit growth in Tritan, acoustics and heads-up inter-layers, performance films is growing double-digits in North America and China, because we have new channel strategy that allows to grow a lot more, lot faster than the OEM growth rate. Tire resins in AFP is growing at double-digit rates. The solar winds will be very high volume growth rate relative to last year. So, lot of different places where we are seeing volume growth. I know you have got the new products gaining traction in the marketplace, so they are sort of zero, but now starting to add volume to the story, like the Tetrashield polyester coatings had modest amount of volume with our first one, with our first customer last year that we told you about on the first quarter call, and thats now picking up momentum with several customers. So, we are going to see more of that this year. The new Aerafin polymer that we are launching that is a better performing polymer and adhesives for hot melt adhesive applications we expect value there. So we are starting to see growth all over. I mean what I love about this is its an innovation story thats starting to pop up across various set of end markets and on multiple technology platforms that really sort of proves that we are creating the value that we intended that we are getting the returns on innovation investment. And then we are making that transformation to being a true specialty company.
Dan Rizzo: Then what percentage of your sales of your products are 10% growers or potentially 10% growers?
Curt Espeland: We dont actually disclose that data. But I think what you will see as Mark talking about $200 million of new business closed and trying to accelerate that and thats going to be driven by those innovation programs that he has already mentioned.
Mark Costa: It goes back to the guidance we gave a while ago that says that we can sort of grow the core with the underlying markets and then add sort of 1% to 2% revenue growth on top of that. And we have just proved that in 16 with the $200 million new business closed and I think it will be a better number this year.
Dan Rizzo: Okay. And then quickly, you said that you gave the raw material and FX functions, but are you assuming FX stays where it is right now or you are assuming any appreciation going for the rest of year or I am just wondering what level we should think of?
Mark Costa: Our assumption currency for us, particularly European exchange rate is where it is today.
Dan Rizzo: Thank you very much.
Operator: And we will take our next question from P.J. Juvekar with Citi. Please go ahead.
P.J. Juvekar: Yes. Hi, good morning.
Mark Costa: Good morning.
Curt Espeland: Good morning.
P.J. Juvekar: In Additives & Functional Products, your operating margins were down 200 basis points in 4Q, can you just talk about what happened to Crystex margins and is raw materials an issue for Crystex in 2017?
Curt Espeland: Well, let me speak to AFP as a whole. First of all, you think  first, if you think about the differences in the cost flow that come up, AFP was down less than 5% from 2015. But AFPs price declines are in line with our expectations from the beginning of the year as we have already mentioned, they have also been stabilized. And as we look forward, we expect them to continue to be stable and coatings particularly, they are likely to increase with the increasing raw material environment. So despite the price decline, AFPs operating margins have remained about 20% for the year. And more importantly, our decision to share raw material value with our customers has maintained a strong customer engagement, enabled us to make great progress on our innovation effort. So we have now a more robust and credible growth portfolio in AFP than any other time for all the things we have talked about. So across the portfolio is where I encourage you to look at that. And I think you are going to see continued strong margins in AFP.
Mark Costa: Yes. I would note that as you look at 17, we expect margins to be more similar to the full year average margins for 16. So I wouldnt read too much into the fourth quarter number.
P.J. Juvekar: Okay. Thank you. And then on filter tow, given that China continues to de-stock and demand continues to go down, do you think the industry needs to shutdown capacity and do you have any plans for capacity shutdowns? Thank you.
Mark Costa: So as I mentioned earlier, I think that the demand situation in China is certainly not as dramatic as the drop in tow imports. So we see a lot of evidence of substantial de-stocking going on at the retail level, at the wholesale level and the total level that really is the story about why imports have come down as well as dont forget that we added two significant tow plants between our joint venture with CNTC and Daisos joint venture. So a huge amount of the imports was just then backward integrating. So you have to be very careful about interpreting whats going on in our volume story to a primary demand story. No question, primary demand is not growing as fast as it used to in China. And it may be that its moderated by some of these changes on corruption and some other economically driven issues around affordability for the average Chinese consumer. But this recent data about the 30% pull-down inventory, if its accurate, would suggest primary demand is actually holding up reasonably well. To your second question, in total, there is no question that there is excess capacity in this industry. And there are a number of high cost standalone assets that our competitors have and its their decision obviously about what they are going to doing with those assets. We are going to continue to defend our market share and our marketplace and they are going to have to decide what they want to do. But there is no additional assets for us to take out. We have  were down to one flake asset, which is the largest scale, backward integrated in coal and the lowest cost in the world. We have some tow assets here in Korea that match that flake capacity and so there is absolutely no reason we would reduce our tow capacity relative to our flake capacity, especially as we have these new applications we are developing that can utilize some of those assets into other markets. So we have done everything we can. We shutdown our UK facility to take out tow capacity. We exited the flake joint venture we have with Primester. So we have actually taken actions in the last 2 years to improve our position. Now, we will just have to wait to see what other people do.
P.J. Juvekar: Great. Thank you, Mark.
Operator: And we will move to our next question from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Andrews: Thanks and good morning everyone. Just wanted to try to get a better sense of a few of the dynamics that would be impacting the flow of earnings through the year, if I remember correctly from last year, the hedge, the mechanism of the hedge is such that, I guess there is  it is different effect of it in the first quarter versus later in the year, so I would like to review that. Also in terms of the cost savings, will those flow-through evenly through the year, likewise the risks that you mentioned on tow from China, is that something thats on the come or will we know about that in the first quarter? And lets just leave it there for now?
Curt Espeland: This is Curt, let me start. You are absolutely right on the hedges. Generally speaking, the impact of the hedges is actually felt in second, third and fourth quarters, a little bit more in the fourth. And they dont see a lot of impact in the first quarter, just because of the hedges reset and how inventory turns occur. So you have got that absolutely right. On cost, yes generally speaking, thats going to flow even through the year. There are some things we are working on, the indirect procurement side that will accelerate during the course of the year. But if you want to use it on average in the course of the year, you are probably not that far off.
Mark Costa: Just on two other points Vincent, one is we have already talked about price versus raw, so there is a little bit of catching up on prices relative to raw that will slow the rate of growth in the first quarter. And on tow, the volume patterns in tow are always a bit chunky, as we have told you before. The first quarter of last year was a little bit strong, this quarter might be a little bit lighter, so there might be a little bit of a difference there, but I wouldnt read anything into it.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And then just as a follow-up, you have I think thats Slide 4, you had a lot of innovation on it, so it sounds like you are making a lot of progression there, but I did notice that our R&D for 2016, at least on the income statement, it appears it declined, is that just sort of a transitory thing or is that part of the cost savings or are you just optimizing your spend?
Mark Costa: Thats a great question. We have been making a tremendous amount of investment in our growth capabilities across the company. But the first thing you do is always make sure you are getting the best return on cost for your investors. So we have been shifting the R&D dramatically from a lot of process technology efforts if you think about where we were a number of years ago, being a more diversified mentality to a very focus on innovation and market development. So our top 10 innovation programs within that R&D, we have actually doubled the R&D on those top 10 programs. Within that spend, we have actually shifted our resources working on application development capability from 20% to 40% of the resources and thats a dramatic change. The secrets of success of specialty company is having application development capability. And for those who dont know what that is, thats basically having our customers capability to do what they do. So we have paint booths that are state-of-the-art equal to an OEM paint booth for automotive paints in two places, here and Shanghai, where we can formulate our own coatings, prove it out and exactly how they paint it in every environmental condition around the world and show not only our coating customers, but the OEMs what our Tetrashield polyester can do and our other additives can do in coatings. We have the same ability in tires, where we can make tires and road test them and show what our state-of-the-art new proprietary tire resins can do to improve traction on a tire. Same thing we have been doing for years in specialty plastics around making every thing you can make from a thermoplastic. We actually do it. We build molds and set process conditions for our customers because we understand their processes better than they do sometimes, same in inter-layers where we can make a windshield. So significant increases in spend there, significant shift in the SG&A as well in resources towards marketing and sales where we are building some of the world-class marketing capabilities. And our sales forces is just great at carrying a great culture that we have inside Eastman around collaboration and integrity and responsibility of doing what we are saying we are going to do to our customers. But I do think that the spend will increase. So first, we are going to get a good return for you on the money we have and I think we are doing that. Second, we are now going to start increasing R&D spend as we go forward. As these programs are starting to ramp up and become much more significant, it requires more resources to support multiple customers in taking and activating the market. So you will see thats been the increase.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. Thanks very much. I appreciate it.
Greg Riddle: Lets make the next question last question please.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Nils Wallin with CLSA.
Nils Wallin: Great. Thanks for taking in. Thanks for footing [ph] me in. Just a question back on the cadence of the earnings growth, you used  you certainly spoke a lot about the price versus raw and the lag there and some sort of headwinds in the first quarter, the rate of growth growing, should we think about sort of tougher comps in the beginning first half of the year in terms of the year-over-year earnings growth and then improving dramatically in the second half?
Mark Costa: Yes. I think about  when I think about the comps, the comp I think thats going to be tough is the first quarter comp, for the reasons you described. I am not sure we are going to show 8% growth year-over-year, but we will see how the year plays out. But the toughest comp is first quarter. I think you will see good results as we progress through the rest of the year.
Nils Wallin: Great. And then just a quick follow-up on tow, obviously a lot of discussion about rationalization and what have you, what type of a capacity rationalization does the industry need to make in order to get back to the 90-plus operating rates you enjoyed in the 13 through 15 time period?
Mark Costa: Well, I am not going to get into specific numbers and its not even appropriate for me to really comment on specifics because its not my assets, I think its a more appropriate question for the people who have them. I think that there is enough capacity out there to rationalize to make the industry tight again. Its just a question of whether or not other people choose to do it.
Nils Wallin: Thanks very much.
Greg Riddle: Okay. And thanks again everyone for joining us this morning, really appreciate your interest in Eastman. A web replay will be available on our website later this morning. Have a great day.
Operator: And this concludes todays call. Thank you for your participation. You many now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory Riddle - Vice President-Investor Relations & Communications Mark Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Curtis Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Louis Reavis - Manager-Investor Relations
Analysts: David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Mike Sison - KeyBanc Frank Mitsch - Wells Fargo Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan PJ Juvekar - Citi Kevin McCarthy - Vertical Research Partners Laurence Alexander - Jefferies James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey John Roberts - UBS Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities Nils Wallin - CLSA Arun Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Please standby, we're about to begin. Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company's Third Quarter 2016 Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman website at www.eastman.com. We'll now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory Riddle: Thanks, Ron, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Curt Espeland, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Louis Reavis, Manager-Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's third quarter 2016 financial results news release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for second quarter 2016 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for third quarter 2016. Second, earnings per share and operating earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain non-core costs, charges and gains. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures including a description of the excluded items, are available in the third quarter 2016 financial results news release. You can find this on our website at www.eastman.com in the Investor section. Projection of future earnings also exclude any non-core unusual or nonrecurring items. With that, I will turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Costa: Good morning, everyone. I'll start on slide three. I'll begin my comments by reviewing our strategic highlights for the third quarter and the first nine months of 2016. We continued to upgrade the quality of our product mix by growing high-margin specialty product lines, a key component of our winning strategy. And I have increasing confidence about the breadth and depth of our innovation portfolio which is significantly more compelling today than it was three years ago. One of our recent innovation successes is within our tire resins platform in the Additives and Functional Products segment. Tire manufacturers face a significant challenge in improving fuel efficiency while maintaining traction safety. Eastman is uniquely qualified to meet this challenge. We are the world leader in resin technology chemistry. I'm pleased to report that we have gained commercial approval with a major tire producer for two new proprietary products and are in the process of sampling a full range of resins with selected innovation partners. So far this year the tire resins platform has delivered approximately 20% volume growth over 2015 with margins above the corporate average. This is a great example of revenue synergy from the Solutia acquisition combining a strong market connect and application development capability with our resin technology platform. Moving next to our capital projects that support our specialty growth. We are leveraging our unique innovation capabilities and investing for long-term growth where it counts. From Tritan to inter-layers to Crystex, we are the world leader in both process technology and product offerings and are winning through our innovation platforms. We are walking the talk with our investments in growth and specialty products and seeing the results. We are therefore driving hard to complete these capital projects to support our growth. All three of these projects are on target to finish on or well below budget which demonstrates our competitive advantage through best-in-class engineering, construction and operational capabilities. In a slow growth world, we are creating our own growth and investing capital smartly. We also are proving that we can drive innovation while managing costs aggressively. We remain well on track with our cost reduction efforts to deliver $100 million to the bottom line in 2016 without sacrificing our investment in long-term growth initiatives. These efforts include implementation of hundreds of projects across our global footprint. One example is the successful initiative recently completed by our process control team. We were able to utilize a plant loader program associated with our largest cracker in Longview, Texas. The initiative increased feed efficiency saving almost $2 million in cost. This is a great example of how our significant scale and integration at our two largest sites provide us a unique competitive advantage where we have dedicated experts in a wide range of specialized operational disciplines. We also leverage these experts across the globe to optimize performance in the smaller manufacturing sites from our acquisitions to our sites we have had for a long time. In addition, we remain on track to execute our second cost-reduction initiative this quarter which we expect will deliver an additional $100 million to the bottom line in 2017. Productivity is a core capability at Eastman. Over the past five years, we removed almost $700 million in cost to offset inflation and deliver results to the bottom line while maintaining our commitment to quality, reliability and safety. We are continuing to innovate throughout our enterprise in product development, in how we think about manufacturing, and our approach to productivity across all of our functions. All of these areas will contribute to our strong growth going forward. With that I will turn it over to Curt to discuss corporate and segment results.
Curtis Espeland: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with our third-quarter results on slide four. Overall sales revenue decreased primarily due to lower selling prices and lower fiber sales volumes more than offsetting higher sales volume in all other segments. Our operating earnings declined as an increase in advanced materials was more than offset by declines in the other segments. Despite the challenging business environment, our operating margin was above 18%. Adjusted earnings per share was $1.86 for the quarter as actions we took led to both operating earnings and taxes coming in better than expected. Moving next to the segment results and starting with Advanced Materials on slide five which delivered another quarter of impressive growth driven by our innovation platforms. Third quarter sales revenue increased due to double-digit volume growth of premium products. Eastman Tritan copolyester once again had a record volume quarter as we continued to lead in consumer durables and housewares. Saflex acoustic inter-layers continued their strong growth this year as applications have expanded from the windshield to the side windows and the sunroof as well as expand into more models. Performance Film volumes were strong this quarter due to an excellent new channel strategy in North America and China. The volume and mix improvement was partially offset by lower selling prices primarily for core copolyesters attributed to lower raw material costs. Operating earnings were up 22% or $25 million primarily driven by higher sales volume and improved product mix of premium products as well as lower unit costs due to higher capacity utilization. Operating margins for the quarter increased by approximately 350 basis points to over 22%. As we look ahead to the fourth quarter, we are expecting normal seasonal decline in volume. With that said, we expect Advanced Materials will deliver low double-digit earnings growth for the full year of 2016 and anticipate this business can continue to deliver strong growth again in 2017. We are delivering compelling proof of our ability to drive growth through innovation even in a difficult macro environment. Now to Additives and Functional Products on slide six. Sales revenue declined primarily due to lower selling prices attributed to lower raw material costs partially offset by higher sales volume. Operating earnings decreased primarily due to lower selling prices more than offsetting lower raw material costs and higher sales volume. The operating margin remained solid at over 21%. For full-year 2016, we continue to expect higher volumes and expect prices have mostly stabilized. One other item I thought would be useful as you analyze this segment this year, we have been operating under a new organizational structure for a couple of quarters now which if you recall put some major product moves between Additives and Functional Products and Chemical Intermediates. As we analyze how resources and costs are flowing, it is coming out a little different than we expected in our historical recast. As you consider year-over-year comps, about $20 million or more costs are flowing through Additives and Functional Products in 2016 than what was reflected in the $660 million recasted view for them in 2015 while approximately $20 million less is flowing to Chemical Intermediates. Putting it all together, Additives and Functional Products remains on track with our previous expectations for full-year earnings to be somewhat down which would be a solid result in the current business climate. As pricing stabilizes, we expect solid earnings growth next year through market volume growth and our innovation effort. Now to Fibers on slide seven. Third quarter revenue, volume and earnings were in line with our expectations. Sales revenue decreased primarily due to lower sales volume and lower selling prices particularly for acetate tow. Lower acetate tow sales volume was primarily due to reduced sales into China. Operating earnings declined due to lower sales volume. The lower selling prices were offset by recent actions we took to reduce raw material costs and actions to reduce operating costs. As a result, operating margins held at approximately 32%. Our full year outlook has not changed as we continue to expect second half earnings to be similar to first half which includes tow volumes being down approximately 10% for the year. I'll also mention that we continued contract negotiations through 2017 and anticipate earnings for the segment to be down roughly 20% next year. We remain confident in our long-term position and strongly believe that Fibers will continue to be a valuable business for Eastman going forward. I will finish up the segment review with Chemical Intermediates on slide eight. Sales revenue decreased due to lower selling prices. We attributed these lower selling prices to continued competitive pressures due to lower oil prices and weak demand in Asia-Pacific. Operating earnings declined primarily due to lower selling prices more than offsetting lower raw material and energy costs and lower hedge costs. During the quarter, we saw some modest improvement in the overall business environment impacting chemical intermediates and now expect earnings in the back half of the year to be slightly higher than the first half and we expect this improvement to continue into next year. Lastly, I will give you a quick update on our process for divesting our excess ethylene capacity and potentially certain commodity olefin product lines. We continue our discussions with potential partners or parties and now anticipate this process will carry into next year though I will add that executing a transaction in this current environment remains challenging. On slide nine I will transition to an overview of our cash flows, our other financial highlights for the third quarter. We continue to do an excellent job of generating cash with third-quarter operating cash flow of $450 million. We contributed $50 million to our US pension plans in the quarter. Capital expenditures totaled $141 million. We continue to manage the pace of capital spending with the current economic environment while maintaining growth investments and continue to expect full-year capital expenditures to be between $600 million and $625 million. Free cash flow for the quarter was a strong $309 million and during the quarter, we reduced net debt by over $160 million, paid our third-quarter dividend of $68 million and repurchased $75 million of our shares. Through nine months of 2016, we have reduced debt by $400 million and returned almost $325 million to our stockholders. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was just over 21% as we are benefiting from foreign tax credits and other positive tax attributes. We expect our full-year tax rate will be between 22% and 23% which is better than previous expectations reflecting the continued benefits of our improvement in business operations. We continue to look for every opportunity to reduce costs including taxes from both an earnings and cash flow standpoint. This quarter was another great example of our tax team finding such opportunities including amending previously filed tax returns. Lastly, we remain on track to generate more than $900 million of free cash flow for this year which is a very strong performance in the current environment. With that I will turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Costa: Thanks, Curt. On page 10, we've talked a lot about the benefits of our portfolio transformation and how that contributes to more consistent earnings growth and strong free cash flow generation. You can see that our portfolio transformation has been a key element to delivering strong earnings for quite some time. Over the last six years, we have taken decisive actions to improve our portfolio through acquiring attractive specialty businesses and divesting underperforming businesses. We acquired these specialty companies at reasonable valuations with very attractive synergies that we have delivered. Organically, we have grown our volume and more importantly upgraded our mix. This is both within our heritage businesses and within the acquired businesses through great efforts in our innovation programs and through our commercial excellence. As a result of these efforts, you can see a very different story from who we were before versus today. We have improved the earnings mix across segments significantly. In 2010, Fibers and Chemical Intermediates were roughly 60% of the corporate earnings. Today that percentage is closer to 30%. For 2016, we expect that the combination of Advanced Materials and Additives and Functional Products will represent approximately 70% of our earnings and even in this environment, our EPS CAGR will still be roughly 11% from 2010 to 2016. We also dramatically improved our free cash flow, almost tripling it from 2010 to 2016. With improvements in our core businesses and adding the strong free cash flow generation from our acquisitions has potentially upgraded the quality of our portfolio. And we are still investing capital to deliver long-term growth in our specialty businesses while we generate one of the strongest free cash flows in this industry. On slide 11, I will discuss our 2016 outlook. We are doing a great job of executing our strategy in a challenging global business environment. Strong growth of high-value innovative products continue as we benefit from leading positions in our attractive niche markets. We are seeing benefits of scale and integration translating to growth in earnings and we continue to invest in innovation and product development so we can sustain our momentum into the coming years. We are also seeing be benefit of acquisition synergies in both cost and revenue. At the same time, we are achieving our cost reduction goals. I can't say enough about how our Eastman employees globally who made this possible. As I mentioned earlier, productivity is in the DNA of Eastman and I remain very confident we will achieve our cost reduction targets for 2017. In addition, we are using all lines of the income statement to support our performance this year including lower tax rates. All of these actions are helping to offset the challenges from low oil, sluggish global GDP growth and the challenges we face in fibers. Putting all of this together, our outlook for adjusted full-year 2016 earnings per share has improved to between $6.70 and $6.80 which I consider to be a solid result given our challenges. We also continue to expect strong free cash flow this year above $900 million. We are creating value for our stakeholders with our balanced and disciplined allocation of this cash, increasing our dividend, increasing share repurchases and continued delevering. With this momentum in mind I will make a few comments about 2017. On the last call, I indicated we have confidence that we can get back on track for EPS growth in the 8% to 12% range in 2017 and we continue to be confident. As we look at it, we expect growth and innovation driven mix improvement in Advanced Materials and Functional Products. Cost reduction actions contribute about $0.50 per share. The net of propane and currency hedges continue to roll off in 2017 to contribute about $0.30 per share. An increase in the level of share repurchases while maintaining a balanced approach with deleveraging. We continue to use all of the lines of the income statement to contribute to EPS growth. These would more than offset the roughly $0.30 per share headwind from Fibers and the preproduction expenses from our new specialty plants. The combination of these factors would get us to EPS growth in the 8% to 12% range. I would also note that we don't need the world to get much better to achieve this growth and if things get better, there is upside. We will talk more about the outlook for 2017 in our fourth-quarter call in January. But I believe it is important now for you to understand why we are confident about delivering strong earnings growth and strong free cash flow in 2017. This has been a tough year and I'm proud of our employees around the world who have maintained focus and positioned us for growth going forward. I'm confident that 2017 will be a better year for Eastman. Most importantly, I believe that we are building one of the world's leading specialty companies to deliver long-term sustainable growth in a world where you need to create your own growth. With that I will turn it back over to Greg.
Gregory Riddle: Thanks, Mark. We've got a lot of people on the line this morning this morning and we'd like to get to as many questions as possible so please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. With that, Ron, we are ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Mark, thank you for the 2017 outlook, the early read. On 2017, can you talk a little bit about the free cash flow that 8% to 12% will generate and the uses of that free cash next year as well?
Mark Costa: We will let Curt handle that question. I just want to add before he does that, we are really excited about getting back to this path of earnings growth. We feel great about all the levers in front of us to get there and certainly expect it to improve our cash.
Curtis Espeland: As Mark highlighted earlier and if I could, Eastman has one of the best portfolios I think that can generate cash in the industry and you are seeing that in the results and also you'll see that next year. We do expect higher free cash flows next year as we see operating earnings grow as well as we will see a modest decline in our CapEx. A couple of factors to think about when I am looking at 2017 cash flow is we will be watching what kind of raw material environment we are facing, if we expect higher raws, as you know that is going to give us some challenges in working capital that we will try to offset. I also am expecting some higher cash taxes next year as we have now fully utilized the NOLs as part of the Solutia transaction as well as you know there is a phaseout of bonus depreciation for manufacturers like Eastman. So putting it all together though, we are going to generate free cash flow over $900 million. With the earnings outlook that Mark talked about, I wouldn't be surprised if we see free cash flow approaching $1 billion. The allocation, what you will see is still a balance across the different buckets that we have. You know our disciplined and balanced approach to capital allocation but what you will see is some more balanced approach to deleveraging and share repurchases with that free cash flow. So if you think about deleveraging was the predominant use of cash flow this last couple of years that will moderate to be more balanced. And so you will see share repurchase probably in excess of $300 million.
David Begleiter: Excellent. And Mark, you have seen some pricing increase announcements in oxos and plasticizers. Can you comment on the cadence of those price increases and how they could contribute to 2017 earnings growth?
Mark Costa: Sure, David. We are seeing traction in getting price increases in September and into October as the propylene and ethylene markets have strengthened, that has put pressure across the globe and played out as we expected in our second-quarter call. We saw that our competitors especially the Asians setting price on a lot of these products on a global basis. We are starting to hit their cost positions and as oil strengthened and their raw material cost, who often purchase propylene, ethylene was going up, they would face pressured increased prices and that is what we are seeing. So it is very encouraging to actually see prices go up for once. It has been a long time. We do expect that momentum to continue as we go through the fourth quarter and carry into next year but obviously that will depend a bit on the raw material environment. So we will have to see where oil and olefin prices go. But we are happy to see the change in the direction and some traction right now.
David Begleiter: Thank you very much.
Operator: And we'll move to our next question Robert Koort from Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort: Thank you very much. Good morning.
Mark Costa: Morning, Bob.
Robert Koort: I was wondering if you could talk, two items real quick, an update on how the Kuantan plants are progressing and when you might see some commissioning of those? And then secondly, can you speak a little bit about the volatility you have seen in Advanced Materials? Obviously you had a very nice showing again this quarter after a bit of a dip the prior. But what is sort of the path forward and the level of consistency or reduced volatility you might be able to deliver out of the business? Thanks.
Mark Costa: We are making great progress on both our Crystex and our PVB plants in Kuantan and driving hard to get those up in the back half of next year. And as I said, they are on track and we are excited. Customers around our new Crystex product that we are producing off of this new process technology are very excited and we are feeling pressure to get the plant up as quickly as we can to serve this new interest in the better performing product. The growth rates have largely been fantastic so we need to get the plant up to keep our growth. In regards to Advanced Materials, they are just having a phenomenal year like they had a phenomenal year last year and it is really proof of our strategy we have been talking about for the last five years. We said we we're going to drive growth through innovation and that is what we are doing. In Tritan, in heads-up display and acoustic inter-layers and our performance films business all delivering double-digit growth and driving not just the sort of overall volume growth but the mix upgrade with all those products growing at such high rates with above segment and above company average margins. So it is just a good story, it is really very little of it is a raw material tailwind and what is driving the results which gives us confidence that it will sustain going forward. And obviously third quarter was a quarter where everything just ran really well. We had good volume, good mix. The plants run incredibly well. One of the challenges in these kind of businesses where you are making such a physical product is you have yield and quality issues and we just had a really clean quarter in how we ran the plants.
Robert Koort: Terrific, thank you.
Operator: And we'll go to our next question from Mike Sison from KeyBanc.
Q Mike Sison: Hey, guys. Nice quarter. Mark, could you help us out a little bit in terms of looking at Additive and Functional Products. It is sort of sitting in this specialty area in your bar chart so the earnings are going to be slightly down. Can you kind of parse out, there is a lot of business in there, what is growing? And maybe just kind of highlight the areas that the specialty business there that are showing earnings growth and maybe some of the headwinds, the hedges and stuff that is kind of impacting that?
Mark Costa: Sure. So first of all, this portfolio is a great set of specialty businesses, tremendous additives that add a lot of functionality across our customers in coatings, tires, adhesives and animal nutrition, crop, etc. It is just a great business of unique additives. So we view it as a business that will continue to grow. As you look at the pricing which I think is the key question and how it has come off, prices have really stabilized since the second quarter so we did a great job of holding onto raw material value at the beginning of last year, started giving some of it back in the third quarter but really started giving it back in the fourth quarter and the first quarter of this year as we decided to share value with our customers. But those prices have stabilized. Really didn't have much sequential decline in prices at all from second-quarter into the third-quarter this year and we expect the same sort of stability as we go into the fourth quarter. You will see that even on a year-over-year basis, January as you see the trends in the fourth quarter. So that feels very stable to us an appropriate. We actually expect prices probably to start moving up in the coatings area especially on the olefin related products. The specialties are a little slower on prices on the way down. They are also slower on the way up. So Chemical Intermediates has already started to move on the pricing front and we expect as we go into next year, those prices on the specialty related products will also start to move up with these current market conditions. That all feels directionally correct to me. I think the important point is how you sustain these margins and continue to deliver growth over the long-term. It is easy to hold onto prices when raws drop but if you do that too aggressively and not share some of it with your customers you really create a problem with those customers being engaged and working with you on any future renovation. I think we have struck the right balance here and we are seeing that in the proof of our innovation successes. We are just having tremendous success throughout the AFP portfolio with innovation. Our Polyester Coatings is doing tremendously well, we talked to you about that in the first-quarter call and we have gone from three to 10 customers aggressively working with us on how to commercialize our product and take it to market. We are seeing great success in the tire resins that I just told you about. We're seeing great success in the Aerafin olefin products that I told you about in the second quarter call that go with the adhesive resins. We continue to see great traction in our low odor coalescence. So across the portfolio you are seeing a lot of innovation, a lot of traction. And as I said before, this is a little bit slower in getting started than Advanced Materials but as you look at the next three years, you are going to see all of these innovation programs driving growth and mix improvement here just like what we are doing at Advanced Materials. What I love is we are proving across the board that we can deliver growth and innovation, we can create our own growth. We are not waiting for the economy to get better and that is the story you are going to see us deliver over the next three years.
Mike Sison: Great. And I know you don't want to be too specific on '17 yet per segment but if Additives and Functional Products grows volume next year, hedges come off, is there any reason why this segment wouldn't participate in showing some good earnings growth next year?
Mark Costa: We expect AFP to show good earnings growth next year as a combination of modest market volume growth. We are not assuming an improving economy next year just to be clear but we do assume there is an economy growing somewhat. So we will get some volume growth, we will get some mix improvement through the innovation. We will certainly see some benefits of the hedge but remember 80% of the hedge benefit flows to Chemical Intermediates so it is modest here. And of course the broader cost management programs, a certain amount of that benefit is going to flow into this segment.
Mike Sison: Great, thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Frank Mitsch from Wells Fargo.
Frank Mitsch: Hey. Good morning, gentlemen. A couple of questions. Curt, just a little bit of a clarification. I think you said that you are planning on doing at least $300 million of share buyback in 2017. Obviously you did $75 million this quarter, Q3. Should we assume that pace, that same $75 million plus pace in Q4 as well?
Curtis Espeland: We will look at various uses of our cash in the fourth quarter. If we don't have more attractive uses of that cash, yes, some of that cash will be deployed for share repurchases.
Frank Mitsch: I'll take that as a yes, thank you.
Curtis Espeland: I am just saying, Frank, there is always competing uses of cash in the fourth quarter and we are going to look at all the options but in absence of others attractive options, yes, share repurchases will be one of the leading ideas for our deployment of our cash.
Frank Mitsch: Got you. Just kidding. I have to ask a question, Mark, with respect to fibers and the positioning the portfolio. 2015 very difficult year, '16 very difficult year, '17 you just changed guidance from 10% to 20% down to now down 20%. As I think about some of the shifting that is going on there, we used to kind of count on annual sort of contracts with your customers there but now we are hearing of multi-year contracts. So if you guys are structuring multi-year contracts, are we setting the stage where 2018 and 2019 are also going to be more difficult years? Can you talk a little bit about the prospects for that business post another difficult year?
Mark Costa: Sure, Frank. We obviously spend an extensive amount of time talking about what is going on in the fibers business from demand trends to competitive behavior. And I think I provided quite a long soliloquy on this one in the second quarter call. So I will try and be sort of brief on it now. Bottom line is you've got a situation where demand situations weakened across the globe, specifically the imports in China and that has created pressure on pricing. And what we are seeing right now is that pricing pressure play out into the 2017 timeframe. Our objective is we can just keep the business stable. That has been our objective from the beginning. We took capacity out in the UK as we added capacity in China and we also exited some flake capacity as well. On the pricing front, we have attempted to be as stable as we can be on the pricing. Unfortunately we got pushed pretty aggressively on some of our competitors trying to take share from us outside of China. And all we are trying to do is defend our share and keep it stable outside of China. We are not trying to recover lost imports in China by taking share outside of China. We think the best way to do that is to get multi-year contracts on volume and price in place with many of our large customers which will provide stability actually from '17 into '18 and '19 as we provide security supply to our customers but also provide security demand to us. So I think that those actions are actually going to put us in the right direction as far as the things we can do to control the outcome in this industry and our performance and we will just have to see how the rest of it plays out.
Frank Mitsch: All right, great. That is helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll move to our next question from Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: Hi. Good morning.
Mark Costa: Morning, Jeff.
Jeff Zekauskas: Hi. Do you have to take another restructuring charge in the fourth quarter of comparable size in order to accomplish your cost-cutting program next year?
Curtis Espeland: No. The restructuring charge you saw in the third quarter pretty much covers the restructuring program we have underway.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay. And in terms of taxes, are your cash taxes in books -- how different are your cash taxes and book taxes this year and your expectation for next year? And what do think your fibers volume growth rate is in 2017?
Curtis Espeland: I will talk about the taxes. Again as you know Jeff, you can see a lot of what is going on with our cash tax rate versus current, just what goes through our deferred tax line in the cash flow statement and so you see that has improved this year. And again, that is again a lot of great work that occurs with our tax finance and legal teams who are looking for ways to really how do we help reduce costs and how do we help cash flows within this company? And so when I look at that going into next year, I do believe again we won't have the benefits of those NOLs from Solutia that we have enjoyed and in fact as mentioned earlier, we have utilized all the NOLs since the acquisition in 2012 and so that was at an accelerated pace because of that great work, and again the phaseout of bonus depreciation. So there is a pretty good opportunity for us to continue to look at our cash tax rate but it will be more challenging as we go for the next several years.
Mark Costa: On the fibers demand, I will take that one, Jeff. Outside of China, we don't expect any changes in trends where the markets continue to decline 1% to 2% a year which has been true for a long time. Inside China, demand in China is a complicated and opaque question. Right now we have seen some changes in production rate, cigarette productions, where they've taken it down 6% to 7% which is great because I think they are just destocking primarily with those actions. You have to remember the production rates are not equal to primary consumption rates. We do expect that they had trouble destocking cigarettes in '15 and '16 -- I'm sorry, '15 and '14. So I think that we are actually encouraged to see them take the actions to finally address that issue like they are already addressing at the tow inventory level as well. So in some ways I think there is progress to put this behind us. Primary demand is 
Jeff Zekauskas: So roughly your volume growth is minus 10 next year?
Mark Costa: No, no, no. That is not what I said. I said this year we are seeing cigarette production being reduced in China and I think that is destocking. As we look at next year, what we hope is they complete their destocking this year and demand at the production level is stable next year versus this year and that is sort of our assumption at this point. So when you look at next year, I think imports are going to be somewhat stable, they could be a bit off as they finish out some destocking at the cigarette level and we will just have to see how it plays out.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Operator: And we'll move to our next question from PJ Juvekar from Citi.
PJ Juvekar: Yes, good morning. A question on Crystex. You seem to be doing a good job on innovation but the OEM market -- the other OEM market is slowing, the classic drug market seems to be slowing as well. So can you talk about demand there and is there any generic competition from China coming in?
Mark Costa: So in auto demand, it sort of impacts us in multiple places. So in Advanced Materials, which is very OEM driven, we are looking at that. What has been great about our success to date is we are creating a lot of our own earnings growth from mix upgrade in double digit growth in things like acoustics and head-up display as well as a new channel strategy in performance films where we are growing the whole size of the market and our share of it. So even in a slow automotive growth world, we can still deliver growth, it may not be as high as this year but still deliver growth. So I feel good about where we are there. And we see tremendous innovation opportunities continuing out there to add more functionality to the windows as we work with our customers and next-generation of acoustics and head-up display as well as other functionality. So it is just a very robust opportunity for growth. On the Additives and Functional Products side when it comes to coatings and tires, we are more balanced, that is more of a balanced market from refinish or replacement tires than OEM. And so there we are less exposed to sort of OEM trend rates as we are in Advanced Materials. So I think that again we will have some solid growth there and I'm not really worried about the OEM trend rates being a material issue.
PJ Juvekar: Okay. And then just going to - I think Curt, you mentioned that selling [that end] business has been difficult in this environment. I would imagine that as we get into the second half of '17 and '18 when the new olefin capacity starts up that it will get even more difficult. Can you give us your thoughts about the timing of the sale?
Mark Costa: The timing of the sale? Sorry, you just were breaking up there.
Curtis Espeland: So if you are looking about the excess ethylene and the commodity olefins, we continue to have a number of parties actively engaged in the process. As I mentioned, it has continued to be a challenging environment right now to ensure we get fair value for those kind of assets and quite honestly it has been further compounded by having a competing asset coming into the marketplace. So we will just be disciplined on valuation and patient on timing as needed. And so like I mentioned, this is going to go into next year. I can't give you a good sense of next year other than I would suspect the first half of the year feels about right that we will have better progress on different options that we have. And again, we are not just sitting idle. We will look at to see if an outright sale is possible but we will continue to evaluate other options or structures and pursue them as appropriate as well.
Mark Costa: The one thing you should take from us is we are committed to improving the quality of our portfolio and the stability of our earnings. Before it became a trend we were already divesting a lot of underperforming volatile businesses and have done a lot of portfolio transformation as we noted earlier. And we will continue to look at every way we can do it that is practical. But at the end of the day, we are going to focus on shareholder value creation and make sure what we do creates value.
PJ Juvekar: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll move to our next question from Kevin McCarthy from Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, good morning. Mark, your Advanced Materials operating margins were up 350 basis points year-over-year. It looks like they were up actually a little bit more than that versus the first quarter. How sustainable is the current level?
Mark Costa: Good morning, Kevin. We feel good about the margins we have in this business. As I said, we were running incredibly well through the third quarter and did this through volume and mix which in general we view as a very sustainable way to grow earnings over the long-term. It was a clean quarter so there is always some quarters where you are going to have some quality issues and things like that. But I think the margins are sustainable. I would note that the fourth-quarter always does have seasonal decline in volumes and so those margins are always going to be a little bit lower on the fourth quarter basis versus the third.
Kevin McCarthy: And a follow-up I think in your prepared remarks you mentioned Performance Films had a new channel strategy. I was wondering if you could elaborate on that?
Mark Costa: Sure. One of the great things about this business is it is a consumer products business where we have direct access to consumers and deliver a wide range of products and we have the best products in the industry. But when we picked up Solutia, their strategy on how to go to market and how to even expand the market was not that sophisticated. So we spent a lot of time rethinking our channel strategies and figured out how to not just go through aftermarket retail shops but develop much more compelling programs through auto dealers in the US which allows us to access an entirely new set of customers that don't show up in an aftermarket tint shop and have been incredibly successful expanding the market and also improving the quality of how we go to market. The same thing true in China. We were doing quite well aftermarket, not as successful in the auto dealerships and have significantly improved our channel strategy to go through the auto dealerships which is a very important channel in China and we are seeing great success. And it is not just going to those channels but how we take the products to market, how we are positioning our value proposition versus our competitors in a more compelling way. It has just been a great story of determined improvement of our go-to-market strategy over the last three years.
Kevin McCarthy: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And the next question comes from Laurence Alexander from Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander: Good morning. Just two questions. One on the fibers market. Can you give a sense for how steep you think the underlying cost curve is? I'm thinking particularly where you see the smallest most marginal producers? And secondly, as you look out over I would say the next three to five years, are there any large chunks of non-operating expense that would affect the free cash flow bridge either maintenance turnarounds or facilities where you need to do another CapEx cycle or pension contributions or anything else that you see like on the three- to five-year horizon?
Mark Costa: So on the cost curve side there is certainly high and low cost assets in the integrated flake and tow components of the Fibers business. As I have said in the past, we are the lowest cost producer, we are backward integrated in coal, we have the largest scale and we are actually now down to our largest most integrated asset as our only asset here at Tennessee of flake which is matched to our tow capacity here in Tennessee combined with our Korean tow capacity and China. So we are very happy about our cost position. Our competitors are based on either purchased methanol or in hydride in some cases. So some of these assets are certainly exposed to much higher cost position. They picked up some advantage with lower oil today versus where they were. As oil goes up, that cost position is going to become less competitive relative to where we are. There are a number of high cost assets out there that can be shut down by competitors if they ever choose to do so to improve their cost position to serve their customers, and are going to have to see what they choose to do. As the market stabilizes, as we put in stability through these multi-year contracts, it becomes more challenging to figure out how you are going to grow earnings growth and hopefully they will look at those options.
Curtis Espeland: On the operating cash flows and some of the things you mentioned, when I look at two or three areas, first of all on pension, we talked about contributing about $50 million to $75 million of pension this year. That is still what we are anticipating. Over the next couple of years I'm looking at maybe roughly $75 million of pension contributions over the next couple of years. After that point you kind of have to really look at what discount rates have done and how the returns have come into whether that number needs to increase to $100 million or maybe come down to $50 million. But that kind of gives you a band to what pension contributions could be like over the next three to five years. On capital, when you've got the kind of assets we have, yes, every three five years, there is going to be turnarounds. What we do and we have a great team that does it, we try to manage the maintenance spend and capital spend we have each year. Part of it is not only cash flow, part of it is just resources. So yes, we are going to have some capital spend over these years. But some of the unique items that we have had these last few years like some of the assets that we had to build in Texas as well as the conversions from coal to natural gas, there is a little bit ahead of us yet, most of it is done. So I would suspect our maintenance capital will be in that $300 million to $350 million range over that five-year time period. Then we will have growth capital on top of it to support all the attractive innovation programs that Mark talked about. So I think those are the main two things you are looking at there.
Laurence Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll move to our next question from James Sheehan from SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
James Sheehan: Good morning. Could you comment on what you are assuming for currency, any adverse impact from currency in 2017 in your assumptions right now?
Curtis Espeland: No, right now I would say the currencies we are seeing today is kind of what we anticipate going into the next year.
James Sheehan: Great. Some of your coatings customers are experiencing some headwinds now. Can you comment on what you are seeing in terms of downstream coatings demand and whether you are feeling the same pressures?
Mark Costa: Since January, we have always assumed a very slow economic growth world and we never assumed that the economy was going to improve. So this sort of 1% to 2% volume range is sort of where we have been and what we have assumed and so there is no real change in our forecast. Based on some of the comments I have seen by a number of customers, it sounds like what they are talking about is they expected stronger growth and now they are sort of moderating back to this slower growth expectation. If that is the case, we are already there in our forecasting and there wouldn't be any challenges for us. The risk though of course is if they have been planning and assuming higher growth, do they have some destocking issues that they have to address in the fourth quarter? We have no evidence from any of our customers that that is happening yet but that is something we will have to keep an eye on.
James Sheehan: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go to our next question from John Roberts from UBS.
John Roberts: Thank you. How much of a lower tax rate in the quarter was adjustments from prior period tax returns and how much was just geographic mix in the current period?
Curtis Espeland: So if you look at the tax rate, let me just make one comment. In any particular tax year, you are going to have discrete items such as the one you are asking about specifically. It was a $60 million benefit from better utilizations of foreign tax credits from the Solutia acquisition that we recognized in the third quarter that was related to amended returns that we were able to put in place. But I would add discrete items can vary each year for a variety of reasons, the results of audits, returns, et cetera. Again, I'm going to say this twice because they deserve it. We have a great tax, finance and legal team that knows how to manage these as best we can in any given year. It hasn't been asked yet but I know and anticipate it, is a little early for an effective tax rate for 2017 but let me go ahead and throw it out there. When I look at the things we put in place, there are some permanent improvements that we have seen for the actions that we have taken so I think our effective tax rate for next year will improve and I think it will be more in the 23% to 24% range.
John Roberts: That is good. I didn't have to use up my second question. Are there non-fiber applications for cellulosic resins that could use up some of the excess polymer capacity to help rebalance the cig tow market or should we think about the use of polymer for fiber as distinct from other applications?
Mark Costa: Excellent question and I'm glad you asked it. There are other applications so as we saw in 2014 that the world was going to start slowing down and tow demand associated with cigarettes, we started up a team to aggressively look at how to develop new market applications around cellulosics. And we are making tremendous progress on how to reuse these assets into new market applications. Something to keep in mind about Eastman is that we have a 90 year history of innovating when it comes to cellulosics. We started out with film, then went into yarn, then we went into tow, then we went into plastics for things like tool handles and sunglass frames and then we took cellulosic technology into coating additives, then TVs and now into tires is another new emerging application. We know how to innovate in this space. We have done a lot more of this innovation than anyone else has ever done in creating new markets. Just like we have done in polyester starting with polyester fiber to PET to a wide range of polyester applications so we know how to do this. So we are making great progress, we are not going to get into the specific products right now because we are having great success in moving this forward and we are still locking up IP. But these assets can make other products that go into other applications and you will hear a lot more about that next year. It is what we do and are very good at doing.
John Roberts: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go to our next question from Vincent Andrews, Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Thanks and good morning. In the past it has been referenced that perhaps there could be portfolio options, further divestitures not all that different than what you've done over the years. Any updated thoughts on that?
Curtis Espeland: Our focus right now has been the excess ethylene and the commodity olefin product lines. We continue to look at the rest of the portfolio to see if there is opportunities that maybe there is a more natural owner. We do that in due course with our Board and at this point there is nothing that we are talking about specifically but we will continue to evaluate different things in our portfolio. We like the portfolio as a whole so it is really stuff on the margin.
Mark Costa: We have been on this journey of optimizing our portfolio for a long time. I mean we have sold off $3.5 billion of revenue underperforming businesses. We have done acquisitions adding $4.2 billion of revenue specialty businesses and by the way, we paid 9 times EBITDA for those specialty businesses with 7 times EBITDA multiples post synergies to provide attractive synergies as well as reasonable ROICs above cost of capital for our investors. I feel great about the actions we have taken in improving our portfolio and we are certainly committed to keeping that momentum going but I don't think there is any big large changes that we need to make both on the acquisition side or on significant divestiture side. But we are going to continue to look at these opportunities like the ethylene as ways to take out pockets of volatility. But our focus and our strategy is about innovation and growth. We are driving innovation growth, we are managing costs aggressively, we are going to continue to create value in a capital efficient way because we are doing mix upgrades of existing assets in how we drive this innovation. We are going to generate a lot of free cash flow and buy back stock and increase the dividend and improve our balance sheet. I think it is a compelling story as it is.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. Just a follow-up on capacity utilization levels, you might have mentioned this earlier but I had to hop off for a second. In Advanced Materials, you talked about how part of the margin improvement was being able to run at a higher utilization level. Is there -- as volume grows into next year is that a benefit that we should continue to see or are you sort of now at a new traunch of profitability at this utilization level?
Mark Costa: I don't think we are going to dramatically improve our profitability from where we are at this stage. But I do think we are going to continue driving double-digit earnings growth going forward as we grow volume, mix and manage costs. But even here, we've got a Tritan expansion going on. We will have to bring on a new chunk of capacity next year to support this incredible growth we are having with Tritan with the existing products. And I should mention, we also have new products that we are making off of the same chemistry to access even more addressable market than where we are today with Tritan. So you add new capacity, it add some chunks of cost you've got work your way through.
Curtis Espeland: And Vince, if I could just add, as you add those chunks of capacity, as you transition to that, you will have some start-up cost next year and that will be some challenges for this business but again they will still deliver that double-digit earnings growth despite that and you need that capacity then to grow past 2018 and beyond.
Vincent Andrews: Okay, great. Thanks very much, guys.
Operator: And the next question comes from Aleksey Yefremov from Nomura Securities.
Aleksey Yefremov: Good morning. Thank you. Could you give us an estimate of a sales opportunity for the new tire products that you talked about today?
Mark Costa: For tire resins, it is a great opportunity. Tire resins has historically have just been used as a processing aid and now we have this whole new addressable market in the tread as a performance additive improving traction in the tire, seeing tremendous adoption and interest across tire companies across the globe. And we really seem to be the preferred innovation partner because we have the broadest set of chemistry. So we are still trying to understand the full potential of this market and we are not going to complain about the 20% growth rate. Obviously it is off of a relatively small number but we see it as a significant market that could easily be $100 million to $200 million of additional revenue.
Aleksey Yefremov: Great, thank you. And in the tow business, the 20% expected decline in profitability next year, how would you attribute it to volume versus price?
Mark Costa: As I said earlier, we have a strategy defending our share outside of China so we are not expecting it to be a volume driven story outside of China. It is going to be a price driven story. In the China side of it, there's a lot of conflicting data about what is going on with demand and destocking in China so it is a little hard to know what the imports are going to be next year and so we're just going to have to see. Right now we are assuming a modest decline.
Aleksey Yefremov: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: And we'll move to our next question from Nils Wallin from CLSA.
Nils Wallin: Yes. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. The first one is we haven't heard you guys talk about your deal with Enterprise and their PDH. Is there going to be any benefit next year as that comes online in terms of your propylene purchases?
Curtis Espeland: Well, first of all, a good partner and we are looking forward to that capacity online. Yes, what that will ultimately do for those that aren't familiar with that is allow us to where we have been purchasing propylene we will now have additional propylene that is sourced through that propane and will be more sourced with propane than we are today. We used to talk about that benefit was going to be roughly $30 million a year but where the spreads are today it's much lower than that. But we are still going to like that contract and that relationship long-term.
Nils Wallin: Got it. And then in Chemical Intermediates obviously there was quite a significant ramp in spot ethylene prices during the quarter, yet there was you mentioned some other competitive pressures. So was the benefit from the spot ethylene margins going up offset by competitive pressures or are you just not quite as able to capitalize on that spot price ramp?
Curtis Espeland: No, I think we did a nice job of capturing the ethylene benefits. But you also have to remember propane and ethane costs also went up considerably in the quarter so there wasn't a huge expansion in spreads but it certainly was better than last year and certainly carrying into the fourth quarter in a better shape than last year.
Nils Wallin: Got it. Thanks very much.
Gregory Riddle: We got time for one more question please.
Operator: And the next question comes from Arun Viswanathan from RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan: Great, thanks for squeezing me in here. Just a couple of quick questions on normalized margins. You have held up margins quite well in both Fibers and AM. So on AM, do you think that you would still be able to grow margins the next couple of years as you continue to grow volume? And similarly on Fibers, if you stabilize volume, would Fibers margins kind of hold at this level? Thank you.
Mark Costa: On AM, the margins are likely to be more stable around these higher levels than further increase. As we mentioned, there is the preproduction expenses starting up new capacity and the focus on volume growth. So I think it will be stable. When it comes to Fibers, the margins will come off from where we are today with the forecasted drop of earnings of around 20% into next year. It is important to keep in mind the altitude of these margins. This is an exceptionally profitable and attractive business and even some moderating margins here are still incredibly attractive for any business. So we are going to manage through that and continue to find a way to stabilize it into '18.
Arun Viswanathan: Thanks.
Gregory Riddle: Great. Thanks again for joining us this morning. A web replay and a replay in downloadable MP3 format will be available on our website later this morning. Have a great day.
Mark Costa: Thank you, everyone.
Operator: That will conclude today's conference. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-29 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory A. Riddle - Vice President-Investor Relations & Communications Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities LLC David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc. James M. Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Inc. Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Please standby, we're about to begin. Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company's Second Quarter 2016 Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman website at www.eastman.com. We'll now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory A. Riddle - Vice President-Investor Relations & Communications: Okay. Thanks, Ron, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Curt Espeland, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Louis Reavis, Manager-Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's second quarter 2016 financial results news release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for first quarter 2016 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for second quarter 2016. Second, earnings per share and operating earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain non-core costs, charges, and gains. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded items, are available in the second quarter 2016 financial results news release that could be found on our website, www.eastman.com, in the Investors section. Projections of future earnings also exclude any non-core, unusual or non-recurring items. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, everyone. I'll start on slide three. I'll begin my comments with strategic highlights for the second quarter and first half of 2016. We continued to make solid progress in executing our strategy of becoming a more specialty chemical company. During the quarter, we continued to upgrade the quality of our product mix by growing high-margin specialty product lines particularly in Advanced Materials and Additives & Functional Products. In the first half, AM delivered 14% growth over last year on top of 40% growth in 2015 over 2014 and we did it primarily through organic volume and mix and a highly attractive bolt-on acquisition. As growing innovative, high-value products is a key component of our strategy, I met with several customers in Europe recently to see how our innovations and strategies are proceeding in action and how we're helping our customers win through innovation. In Germany, I met with a leading manufacturer of medical devices for the operating theater. They've been in search of a polymer that can withstand the new, stronger disinfectants being used in hospitals, which is causing cracking with existing polymers. The company gets a lot of polymers, all of which failed to deliver the needed chemical resistance. However, Tritan delivered on the challenge by providing the required blend of chemical resistance and durability. This has positioned Tritan as the material of choice in both clear and opaque applications. Next stop for Tritan are applications in safety and protection devices. Also in Nienburg, Germany, we successfully started up our new Crystex technology. This improves our cost position by better than 20% while also creating the opportunity for more differentiated products like in Crystex. This new technology pushes the boundaries of thermal stability, dispersion and flow, all important properties of insoluble sulfur, which can help our customers maximize the productivity of their operations. With the conversion, we are rolling out several new Crystex products with differentiated cost and/or performance and we are working with several customers to get our products to market. Early indications of performance are very positive and we anticipate having business before the end of the year. The success in Nienburg supports our investment in Kuantan, Malaysia, where we're continuing to deploy this technology and build the largest and lowest cost facility in the world. And this is just great evidence of us creating value through innovation not only in heritage Eastman but in our acquisitions here, as well as what you've already seen us delivering in interlayers and Performance Films. Finally, we recently launched Aerafin. It's a family of new adhesive polymers for hygiene and packaging markets leveraging Eastman's olefin technology platform, which expands our offering beyond adhesive resins to adhesive polymers. The need in this market at the consumer level is for low-odor adhesives and Aerafin is recognized as best-in-class on that front. In addition to low odor, Aerafin provides a more robust offering environment enabling higher line speeds at lower temperatures. I'm incredibly excited and very proud of how we are driving innovation and customer engagement. As I spend a lot of time out in the market place, it's great to see the evidence of these wins, which gives me great confidence we're on the right track to drive growth through innovation. While we're seeing growth in innovative specialty products, we're also facing increasing macro challenges particularly in Chemical Intermediates. We're pulling all levers to mitigate the impact of these challenges. On the cost management front, we remain well on track with our cost reduction efforts to deliver $100 million to the bottom line without sacrificing our long-term growth initiatives and we are making progress with the process we restarted earlier this year to divest our merchant ethylene as well as potentially other commodity olefin product lines. Our cash engine continues to generate very impressive free cash flow as we are on track to deliver another great year of $900 million enabling a strong dividend, deleveraging and accelerating our share repurchases. Our second quarter earnings overall are disappointing. We continue to deliver compelling results in Advanced Materials and Additives & Functional Products and I'm confident as we get the challenges for Chemical Intermediates behind us and we stabilize Fibers, Eastman will emerge stronger than ever. Now, I'll turn it over to Curt to discuss the Corporate and segment results.
Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I know it's been a busy week so I appreciate you joining us this morning. I'll start with our Corporate results on slide five. Overall sales revenue decreased primarily due to lower selling prices particularly in Chemical Intermediates. Volume was down slightly with a decline in Fibers, mostly offset by an increase in Advanced Materials. Our operating earnings decreased primarily due to declines in Chemical Intermediates and Fibers. Despite the challenges, our operating margin was above 16% and adjusted earnings per share was $1.68 for the quarter. By no means are we satisfied with the business environment we find ourselves in and the negative impact it is having on our results. Thus, we are taking additional actions to mitigate the challenges we face. And Mark will outline these actions in a few minutes. Moving next to the segment results, starting with Advanced Materials on slide six, which delivered a great first half of the year. Second quarter sales revenue was relatively unchanged as higher sales volume of premium products including Saflex acoustic interlayers and Tritan copolyester was offset by lower selling prices, primarily for copolyesters, attributed to lower raw material cost such as paraxylene. One other point on second quarter volumes. Advanced Materials experienced some destocking in the first quarter of 2015 followed by a restocking in the second quarter of 2015. So, we are very pleased with these results for our second quarter of 2016, especially given the tough comp. Year-over-year operating earnings were relatively unchanged. Sequentially, operating earnings increased by $24 million or more than 20%, driven by a seasonal increase in sales volume including another quarterly volume record for Tritan copolyester. And for the first half, operating earnings increased year-over-year by 14% or $30 million, driven by a 5% increase in sales volume, improved product mix, and lower unit cost due to higher capacity utilization. As a result, first half of 2016 operating margins increased to 19.4%, an approximately 200 basis-point improvement over the first half of 2015. For the back half of the year, underlying business performance should remain strong as Advanced Materials continue to execute its strategy of volume growth, mix improvement, and fixed cost leverage. To underscore how well this business is executing the strategy, in 2015, Advanced Materials increased earnings by almost 40% and we expect to build on that success this year. Given the results of the first half of 2016 and our strong outlook for the second half, Advanced Materials is positioned to deliver double-digit earnings growth in 2016. We are delivering compelling proof of our ability to drive growth through innovation even in a difficult macro environment. Now, to Additives & Functional Products on slide seven. Overall, a solid quarter despite short-term challenges, revenue declined due to lower selling prices attributed to lower raw material costs; 2% volume growth from many attractive end markets, including strong growth for Crystex, for our tire resins, and for animal nutrition products was offset by volume and mix declines in product lines exposed to energy and industrial construction markets. Operating earnings decreased primarily due to lower selling prices more than offsetting lower raw material costs. And the operating margin remains solid at 21.8%, slightly above the year-ago period. As I look at full year of 2016, we expect to grow volumes and expect our prices to stabilize. Our commercial teams are doing a great job in managing trade-offs and maintaining margins and customer engagement for innovation and growth. We will continue to face macroeconomic and competitive challenges, but given the strength of the portfolio businesses in this segment and attractive end markets, Additives & Functional Products remains on track with our previous expectations for full year earnings to be slightly down, which would be a solid result in the current business climate. Now to Fibers, on slide eight. Second quarter revenue, volume and earnings were slightly below our expectations. Sales revenue decreased primarily due to lower sales volume, particularly for acetate tow, flake and yarn combined with lower selling prices particularly for tow. The decline in acetate tow sales volume was due to customer inventory destocking in China, consistent with our expectations for volumes to be down to about 10% for the year. The lower acetate flake sales volume was due to timing of shipments to our China acetate tow joint venture. Lower yarn volume was due to trade issues impacting our customers. Earnings for the second quarter decreased due to lower sales volume. Despite the decline in volume, operating margins were about 31% as our cost reduction efforts offset the decline in prices. Looking at the full year of 2016, we expect second half earnings to be similar to first half, which is slightly below our previous expectations as we are experiencing some short-term challenges in acetate flake and yarn, which is an incremental headwind. And I'll add that as we discussed for some time now, in the last earnings call and at investor conferences, price risk exists going into 2017. Given the current lower capacity utilization in acetate tow and the lack of additional asset rationalizations beyond what we did in the United Kingdom, the risk of competitors chasing share with price does exist, and we have seen our competitors attempt a strategy which has created pricing pressure in our contract discussions for next year. Frankly, I don't understand the logic of these actions in a flat to declining growth business but yet, here we are. What I do understand, and what I like about Eastman and our future in this industry, is we have the lowest cost position, from the larger scale of backward integration with the flake matched with our tow position in Tennessee, Korea, and China. And our customers place significant strategic value on both our asset footprint and our ability to innovate and deliver high-quality, reliable product. Further, our vertical and horizontal integration creates tremendous value and an innovation capability for cellulosic products in Additives & Functional Products and Advanced Materials, and we have a track record of innovation from this technology platform that is well established over decades. So I am confident about our long-term position, and I strongly believe this will continue to be a valuable business for Eastman going forward. I'll finish up the segment review of Chemical Intermediates on slide nine. Sales revenue decreased due to lower selling prices, which were mostly the result of negative impact of lower market prices for propylene, ethylene, and methanol, and continued competitive pressure from weak demand in Asia Pacific. Operating earnings decreased due to lower selling prices, more than offset lower raw material costs, in addition to higher planned maintenance costs. Looking at the full year of 2016, we expect a number of factors to impact results. We expect olefin margins to remain under pressure, as the increase in oil prices has not yet translated to improving olefin prices. In particular, bulk ethylene prices have been disappointing, as we have seen U.S. prices remain significantly discounted versus the rest of the world. We also expect lower methanol prices to continue, putting pressure on market prices for some of our acetyl and amines product lines. And competitive pressures, particularly from competitors in Asia, have intensified, and we expect this will continue through the back half of the year. Considering the low oil environment, excess global capacity in olefins and methanol, and increased competitive pressures due to slow economic growth, we expect second half-year earnings to be below first half, with sequential improvement for both third and fourth quarters, which should continue into next year. Lastly, I'll give you a quick update on our process for divesting our merchant ethylene capacity, and potentially certain commodity olefin product lines. We continue our discussions with potential buyers and still expect this process will take the greater part of this year to resolve itself. As you would expect, we will remain disciplined and patient sellers as we move through the process. On slide 10, I'll transition to an overview of our cash flow and other financial highlights for second quarter. We continue to do an excellent job of generating cash, with second quarter operating cash flow of approximately $500 million. We had nominal income tax payments and no contributions to our U.S. pension plans in the quarter. These payments are typically in the second half of the year, and we expect that will be the case in 2016. Capital expenditures totaled $124 million. We continue to manage the pace of capital spending with the current economic environment while still maintaining our growth investments, and thus have reduced our full-year capital expenditures to be between $600 million and $625 million. Free cash flow for the quarter was a very strong $370 million. And during the quarter, we reduced net debt by over $300 million, paid our second quarter dividend of $68 million, and repurchased $25 million of our shares. Also during the quarter, we successfully sold 500 million 1.5% notes due 2023 in a European public debt market, with proceeds used to repay $500 million of our 2.4% notes due in June of 2017, as well as some other borrowings. Our effective tax rate for the second quarter was just over 21%, aided by an expected discrete tax benefit. We continue to expect our full-year tax rate will be between 24% and 25%, reflecting the continued benefits of our improvement in business operations. And lastly, we remain on track to generate more than $900 million of free cash flow for the year, which is a very strong performance in this current environment. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Curt. I'll transition to our outlook on slide 11. Looking at the back half of the year, we expect our innovative specialty businesses will continue to grow strongly, improving product mix, and accelerating our overall earnings growth. We continue to see the benefits of our vertical and horizontal integration as it enables an advantaged cost position and delivers a capital-efficient earnings growth in our specialties. We will also get a (17:12) benefit from the acquisitions, which are creating value in both cost synergies and accelerating revenue growth. We remain committed to our aggressive cost reduction targets, and are on track with them. And after reducing debt, we also expect to accelerate share repurchases in the back half of the year. In the near term, we have a number of challenges, particularly impacting Chemical Intermediates, and these have been increasing. As Curt mentioned, lower olefin margins and lower methanol prices are headwinds. In particular, the most significant change in our expectation was U.S. ethylene prices not tracking up with oil and global ethylene prices. We're also seeing excess supply pressure, as slow economic growth is not sufficient to absorb the large amount of capacity that's been built in a number of products, especially in China, for Chemical Intermediates. Our most recent outlook was that 2016 adjusted EPS would be down about 5%. Given the challenges we face, most significantly in Chemical Intermediates and modestly in Fibers, we expect full year 2016 EPS will be down up to 10% compared with 2015. As you think about the cadence through the rest of the year, we expect earnings in the third quarter will be similar to the second quarter, as sequential growth in operating earnings is offset by an increase in the tax rate for the quarter. Last, I'll add that this outlook assumes current business conditions continue in the back half of the year. If the conditions improve, that would be upside. Turning next to slide 12. Obviously, our EPS expectations for this year are not where we want them to be, and we're not happy about that. Given that, we are taking significant action to mitigate the impact of the challenges we see in front of us. We are using all levers to improve results, not just in 2016 but going forward. For me, that begins by maintaining our commitment to innovation and market development and doing everything we can to accelerate growth from these platforms. We've already realized commercial success for many of these platforms this year and we are on the cusp of even bigger wins, and we're working to deliver these successes as fast as possible. We also remain committed to cost reduction. As I mentioned, we're on target with the cost reductions we implemented earlier this year. And, as the challenges we face have increased, we will be removing at least another $100 million of cost towards the end of this year to ensure that we deliver attractive earnings growth next year. While our SG&A and R&D as a percentage of sales is already in the lowest quartile of our peers, we are committed to retaining this new cost reduction target without sacrificing innovation and market development. We continue to review our portfolio, and this includes the process to divest our merchant ethylene capacity and some other product lines and we'll effectively manage capital allocations through this slow growth environment. This includes our strong dividend, which we'll increase; reducing debt, and increasing our share repurchases in the second half of 2016 and into 2017. As I look beyond 2016, we are well positioned for growth as these short-term challenges recede and our strong growth drivers continue. Altogether, I'm confident we will continue to deliver attractive earnings growth in the long term as we transform towards a specialty portfolio. With the combined set of actions we're taking, we expect to be back on track for 8% to 12% EPS growth in 2017. I'll close with our key themes for 2016 on slide 13. We continue to have a strong portfolio of specialty businesses and through these businesses, we are driving growth, we are innovating and we are improving our earnings mix. We face increasing challenges particularly in Chemical Intermediates and Fibers and responding to this challenging environment with the actions I just outlined. Our cash flow remains one of the best in our industry, and we are deploying it for a strong dividend, reducing leverage and accelerating repurchases of shares. And lastly, despite near-term temporary challenges, I remain very confident in our strategy and our ability to grow our earnings. Eastman will emerge from these challenges stronger than ever and we'll continue our journey to achieving our vision of becoming a leading specialty company. With that, I'll turn it over to Greg.
Gregory A. Riddle - Vice President-Investor Relations & Communications: Okay. Thanks, Mark. And we have a lot of people on the line this morning and we'd like to get to as many questions as possible. So please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. With that Ron, we're ready for questions.
Operator: Yes, indeed. [Operator Instruction] And we'll take our first question from Mr. Frank Mitsch from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, gentlemen.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Mark, obviously, a large part of the reduction in 2016 outlook is related to Chemical Intermediates. And obviously, you're in the process of trying to monetize some of the crackers as well as other parts of that portfolio. Given the fact that you were hitting a rougher patch than expected earlier in the year in the Chem Intermediates business, how is this impacting your outlook on when and what value you can execute a transaction?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Frank, I'm going to start and let Curt finish. We're obviously pushing as hard as we can in this process. It's a pretty dynamic time with what's going on with a lot of very temporary challenges in olefins, especially ethylene, as part of the package what we're divesting. You've got a lot of stranded ethylene in the market today in the U.S. When you look at it, ethylene prices here, almost $0.20 a pound lower than the globe. So, it's pretty disconnected. So, we have to make sure that we think about the long-term value of this business and get an appropriate price. We do have engaged buyers who are very seriously considering it but we're working through the steps of it.
Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. So, if I could add, again, as we mentioned there have a number of management presentations that have occurred, and there again are active conversations going on. But as you already mentioned, Frank, we recognize it's currently tough economic environment or environment with ethylene margins right now. So, really in order for this to really progress, our belief, it really requires two strategic parties, buyers or sellers that understand the long-term value of olefins and the value of the quality of assets that we have. So, my sense is everyone is kind of looking at that way but we'll see how it plays out. In regards to timing it's still a top priority for us. We've got a great team working on it but we'll just have to be disciplined as we go through the process and it will still take a greater part of this year to see how this plays out.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Terrific. And in terms of the outlook approaching or could be down 10%, what sort of olefin margin are you embedding in that forecast, i.e., are you assuming second quarter levels or are you assuming June levels? Are you assuming July levels? I just want to try and get a baseline there as to what is embedded in that outlook.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, Frank, you just summarized the problem of forecasting olefins. You pick a week and you can have a different answer. There's a lot of volatility going on right now. As I mentioned, on the olefin side, we're seeing  especially ethylene but as well as propylene being fairly depressed in the U.S. relative to what's going on outside the U.S. So, even though oils improved, we haven't really seen a logical improvement of those olefin prices. And that's been a disappointment in the second quarter and we certainly revised our outlook for the rest of the year to reflect the current conditions that have been in the sort of June, early July timeframe when we built our forecast. I would also note that while the olefin prices haven't gone up much, the propane prices and ethane prices have, especially propane. So, they have tracked up with oil with the significant improvement in global export capacity to get the propane out of the country. So that's created some compression here that on a long-term basis, I don't think it plays out. I don't think you have ethylene and propylene stranded in the U.S. forever. There is, obviously, not enough derivative capacity to monetize that monomer in the globe, but that will come online like many people have already discussed. And this disconnect will get closed and we will go back to what it a normal situation where these prices are more closely connected to the globe. And then that would be a material recovery in earnings for us when that happens in the future. So, I think that's, all playing out sort of as we expect. And that's sort of the olefin story. I would note that there's two other parts of the story when it comes to Chemical Intermediates. Methanol prices are 40% lower than they were a year ago. It's the same kind of story, not only have they tracked down with oil, but there's oversupply in methanol. And so, we haven't seen methanol prices recover really in the second quarter as you would have expected with the recovery in oil and that's also putting pressure on the earnings in the segment. When you think about acetic acid, acetic anhydride, competitors in Asia set the price ultimately based on their purchased methanol cost and that's put a lot of price pressure on those products. Not as significant as olefin for us, but it's still quite material and it's even having a modest impact on Functional means where we have a lot of cost pass-through contracts tied to methanol prices. And in both acetyls and methanol, we have advantaged coal gasification, as well as disadvantaged fixed price methanol contract, and so you get some compression there. And then there is some additional pressure, of course, with Asian competitors with excess supply. No demand in China to absorb it, so they're dumping those products all over the world. I would say though Frank that the good news about this is that we're seeing the prices stabilize and we're seeing evidence of this in a couple of different fronts. One, we just filed an anti-dumping case in plasticizers where we're seeing some pretty extreme behavior from our Korean-based competitors and the Commerce Department has already agreed that we have made the case for economic harm and have launched an investigation into that. And we're also seeing some other products some of our competitors in China shut down because they're out of the money at the current pricing that they're sort of driving in the marketplace. So, I would say we think it's bottoming and we just need to start seeing some of the situation to improve, and that's all embedded in our guidance. But, right now, our guidance for the rest of the year is it stays challenging like it is now for this year.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll move to our next question from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning. Mark, on acetate tow, your other main competitors, we talked about similar aggressive pricing actions in the industry and competitors chasing volume. If it's not you and it's not them, it's obvious Solvay and maybe DYCELL. How are number three and four players causing so much problem in this industry?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Dave, I guess this question might come up and, obviously, there's been a lot of commentary in the industry already with investors about what's going on in the space. And so, I've spent a lot of time trying to put my thoughts together, and I think there's a number of things that are important to be clear about, both in the market context and what our strategy is. So, let's start with demand. First of all, nothing's changed in our view about tow demand for this year and moving forward. Outside of China, continues declining, 1% to 2%. We still believe that the primary issue in China this year is inventory destocking of tow where they had way too much inventory in tow and we think that will run its course this year. There remains some uncertainty about what that will turn into next year because while I think tow destocking will be over, we still don't have clear understanding of what's going on in cigarette demand in China. And so, there's chance of some continued destocking there. But when you put it all together, our view is tow imports into China next year will be sort of flat to potentially modestly up. Regarding our specific performance versus our competitors, as you can see through the first half of this year in the data, we are obviously taking a bit more of a hit in volume than our competitors, and we've been clear about that because for 10 years we've been a huge beneficiary of having the largest share of imports in China while China was growing. And there's always two sides to those positions and when imports drop, we're going to feel more of that than anyone else. But when we look through all that, we still see that we're on track for a 10% decline in tow demand, nothing has changed our view about that at all. But you got to remember that there's some chunkiness in the buying patterns with all different customers to some degree. And so, there's some chunkiness in buying patterns that will  so, for our second quarter, are probably a little bit light compared to what we expected, but nothing material. It's also important to remember in our volume numbers that while we're seeing 10% down in tow, there's other things going on like the timing issue in flake, some yarn being off and no longer having acetyl chemical sales to ourselves and the JV we have with Solvay for making flake. But we are seeing some aggressive actions by all of our competitors going after share. And we mentioned a long time ago, when you get a huge currency change like you do in Japan and Europe, you can think about passing that on the marketplace to chase share and not even feel the margin impact. And we've seen  as you can see through the data that everyone's reporting that we have some dynamics going on there. And the part of the story for us is some modest share loss this year outside of China but, it's pretty modest at this point. But it's disappointing to see this happen. We've been talking about the fact that its excess capacity remains in the industry. It's entirely possible that we're going to have people behave in a way where they try and chase the share with price with these margins it's really tempting as you're just living for the short-term and we're seeing some of that. But, in this context, I think, we've had a very clear strategy of what we're trying to do. And, I just want to sort of make sure we're clear about what we're doing. First, we recognize and accept the challenges that we have in China. And so when we added capacity with CNTC, which was very low cost tow capacity, we chose to take out an equal amount of capacity in United Kingdom that was relatively high cost for us, balancing our position there, and accepting those changes in market conditions. We also exited our flake JV with Solvay to reduce our cost, given we no longer need that capacity, given we had shutdown the UK tow situation. So, we've done everything we can to sort of balance our capacity situation and the results of what's going on in China. And we're now down to being the lowest cost supplier in the world in tow. We have the largest scale asset in flake, it's backward integrated in coal and we have the lowest cost tow assets in Tennessee, Korea, and China that's equally matched to that flake capacity. And we have no further tow assets that we can shut down or it would just leave us long in flake, which doesn't make much sense for us. Second, we simply have the best cost position in the industry. We have every intention of maintaining our market share outside of China. So, when these competitors are trying to gain share from us, which obviously they have done, it simply results in lower prices, and therefore lower earnings and cash flow for everyone. Third, we're committed to being the leading supplier to our customers, based on the strength we have and our quality and our reliability, our unique innovation capabilities, and the strength of our asset base to supply our customers. So as you look at 2016, we do expect earnings are going to be down due to this price pressure as these contract discussions have now started early, and we're seeing this behavior from our competitors. And it's likely we'll be down 10% to 20% before you include the cost actions we just announced. But it's early, and so we're going to have to see how all these contract discussions play out for the rest of the year and how it nets out. Then we'll keep you updated. When I look beyond 2017, and this is quite important, many of these new contracts are going to be multi-year contracts, providing price and supply stability for our customers. You would also think that, given how this is all playing out and not really working out very well for anyone, that our competitors are going to have to start looking at their cost positions, like we did, and think about rationalizing high-cost assets that they all certainly have, and we'll just have to see what they choose to do. I would also note that we're not just sitting around waiting for what's going to happen to tow business. Eastman has been the innovator for 90 years in cellulosics. We've innovated a huge range of new products over the years, and you've seen those great results we've had in AFP and AM. And so as we saw these things start to develop all the way back in 2014, and we knew that we had to accelerate our innovation efforts for new applications in cellulosics, and we've been doing that as ways to load these assets in new applications. It's obviously still early when it comes to growth and innovation, but I've been incredibly impressed by our teams and how they've raised to that challenge, and we have a number of great projects going forward here, developing new applications that will help in the long term. So when I look at the Fibers challenges that we have, and included, I'm still confident we can do 8% to 12% earnings growth next year. When I consider the company-wide cost actions we're going to take, as well as doing everything we can to reduce cost in Fibers directly, and the growth that I expect in the other three segments relative to this year, as well as our ability to deploy free cash flow.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Very helpful, Mark. Just one more quick question for you and Curt on the buybacks. What's the trigger to accelerate the buybacks in the back half of the year heading into 2017?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, if you look at the timing of the buybacks plan, also we have good visibility to our free cash flow. We know our free cash flow will be a little stronger second half of the year than the first half. And so, we also then will know we're on track to be able to complete the deleveraging, the total $500 million this year. And so, we are accelerating our share repurchases, and that acceleration is occurring as we speak.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: We will take our next question from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Vince, are you there?
Gregory A. Riddle - Vice President-Investor Relations & Communications: Ron, go ahead and move on to the next, please.
Operator: Okay. You know what, I apologize. He is still in the conference. Go ahead, Mr. Andrews. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hello? Hello? Hello?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hi there. There you are.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Sorry about that. Sorry. It's Friday. In Chemical Intermediates, you referenced a few products that (37:00) oversupply and sort of exacerbating the pricing issue with the energy cost. I'm just curious, when you look at those supply and demand balances, as we get into 2017 and into 2018, is there incremental capacity coming in those products, or are we going to see the worst of that S&D balance this year and as demand grows over the next couple of years, things should tighten up a bit. How is that going to play out?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Great question. From what we see right now, we think the price pressure is upon us, based on those capacities. I don't think we see any increase in those pressures in any significant way. There is incremental capacity being brought on always in these kind of products. But unfortunately, the prices are now down to what I think is cash cost for the different relevant Asian players that we face. So, we've sort of reached the bottom, as long as oil stays in the sort of $40 range. Obviously, if oil drops into the $20s, you're going to see additional pressure.
Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And if oil goes up, we'll get benefits as well.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. If oil goes up, as many expect, that would be a tailwind for us next year.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, just in general, in terms of where your pricing is now relative to the raws, it was something you brought up at 4Q, and obviously it's been playing out through the year. Do you think the pricing conversations that you've had with customers in terms of where spreads have gone, I mean, do you think things are relatively balanced now, as we head into the second half?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think so. And from what we can see, pricing has stabilized, and that's our view right now, in the back half of the year. The big question is going to be, how do all the moving parts on olefins change? They're bouncing around a lot, even in July. You've seen propane cost be anywhere from $0.52 to $0.43, depending on the day. So, there's just a lot of volatility there. But, right now, as Frank asked earlier, we're assuming conditions stay pretty challenging like they were in the second quarter, and continue that way for the rest of the year.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: If it gets better, we'll do better. But it's really hard to predict right now.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Aleksey Yefremov from Nomura Securities. Please go ahead.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Good morning. Thank you. In your Advanced Materials, you averaged about 5.5% volume growth in the first half. Is this about the level that we can expect in the second half? And also, what is sort of organic growth going forward in the segment?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Advanced Materials is just a phenomenal success story for us last year and this year. And what I love about it is what you just highlighted. It's a volume and mix-driven story. It's not some temporary expansion on price relative to raws. So we feel great about how we're building on last year's tremendous growth this year. And we do expect volume growth to continue in a similar level in the second half of this year, and we'd expect unit volume growth to continue into next year. But it's really important to highlight, it's not about the absolute volume growth, it's all about the mix. So, while we're having double-digit growth in really high margin, great innovative products like acoustic interlayers, heads-up display, Tritan, our whole Performance Films business, our core copolyester are growing slower than the average that have lower margins. And so, you're really getting a great mix improvement in every quarter on top of just good overall solid volume growth.
Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And if I could add, the margins you're seeing from the businesses are the kind of margins you would expect given the investments being made with this business.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you. And maybe back to Fibers. How far down this road of price cuts is the industry for committing 2017 contracts? Is there still time, do you think, to sort of  for the industry to pull up and be more rational? Or I guess, in other words, has there been significant volume committed at lower prices for 2017?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'd say where we are  the customers were quite smart in sensing that the industry had excess capacity. It's been a great industry for 10 years of consistent earnings growth for us and incremental improvements in margins. Over the last five years, we've been increasing price. And with the excess capacity, I think customers are smart and they sense an opportunity and they started contract discussions early to see what kind of price improvements they could get. And some people responded and we're defending. And so, I think that that's  that horse has left the barn as far as 2017 goes. We're going to see prices come down at our large customers. But I do think that positive side of the story is they also put a high value on stability and security supply and are looking for long-term commitments in contracts with suppliers that are committed to being in the industry for the long-term. And we stand out as the most committed given our integration and scale so that I think it will work well for us as we try to maintain our market share position. And so, these long-term contracts, if this is the way it continues to play out will also provide needed stability for our customers on price and supply. And, of course, it also helps us provide stability to us, too.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jim Sheehan from SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
James M. Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good morning. In the tow business, do you see any opportunities for strategic combinations or joint ventures or would antitrust issues preclude anything like that as being a possibility?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think we've looked at it for ourselves of course and given we're the largest merchant supplier in the industry it's unlikely we could do anything. I think in a flat to declining industry, you can make a case for consolidation and get it approved when a couple of other competitors want to come together. In theory, any combination of the other three competitors is possible, based on our look at it, but it would obviously be a comprehensive process with the antitrust agencies to make sure that there'll be no harm to customers, but I think it's possible. Whether or not it happens is, obviously, out of our control and we'll have to see what our competitors choose to do.
James M. Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great. And could you comment on how your propane hedges roll off next year? And how you see propane supply/demand? And just generally, how do you see propane factoring into your earnings for 2017?
Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So, I'll answer the hedge first. On the hedge, nothing has dramatically changed and our outlook of the impact of the hedge is net of the currency. We said that impacts around $0.60 a share and we think about half of that will still roll off next year. But we'll have to see how propane moves around a little bit. But generally speaking, we still expect that benefit next year.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'd note that that hedges and that comment, so that's both propane headwind being rolled off as well as the currency hedge benefits coming off. On the outlook for propane and propylene, I guess, what really matters is the cracking spread relative to propylene and ethylene. Our view is the market is already reconnecting propane to global values with all the export capacity that's readily available in the U.S. So, I think you're seeing that now with our propane prices improve through the second quarter and even as oil has come off recently, you've seen propane prices follow it down. So, it just depends on your view on oil and you can get a view of what you think propane is going to do next year. The bigger question is, what I already discussed which is, what our ethylene and propane prices can do to you especially ethylene as they've been stranded and disconnected. I mean, it's really significant when you think about ethylene in Asia in the mid-$0.40 range, and we're in the mid-to-high $0.20 range in ethylene x 700 million pounds of ethylene that we sell. It's just that product line. You do the math and whatever you think that delta should be and you can get to some very large earning numbers that it's been a headwind for us relative to what we expected at the beginning of the year.
James M. Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Sison from KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, guys. Mark, when you think about your portfolio, I think you've done a nice job moving it in the right direction, but you still have about a-third of it circling quite a bit here. Does it make sense to look at more acquisitions? And what percent of your portfolio do you think you need to be able to offset these headwinds over time? I mean, is it more like an 80%, 90% of your portfolio of specialty or what do you think you need to do to get more stable?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Mike. Certainly, we're committed to driving our portfolio towards specialty as hard as we possibly can, and you do that through multiple things. We've done, I think, some excellent acquisitions, large ones like Solutia and Taminco and some bolt-ons as well. And we paid reasonable prices for them and are going to get attractive ROICs relative to weighted average cost of capital. And, frankly, those acquisitions were intentional. We always knew we had challenges in Fibers and olefins at some point in the future. We intentionally chose not to build crackers and PDH unit because we were convinced five years ago that that industry would overbuild. And we're intentionally diversifying our portfolio with the strength of the cash that we had at the time in olefins and fibers, into a more attractive long-term market where we can innovate. So, I think that part of the strategy is great and on track. And of course, we've always been a disciplined seller of underperforming businesses. We've sold off $300 billion of revenue from PET, the polyolefins, et cetera, in the past and we're trying to get rid more of it now in this current process, on the bulk ethylene and some other products. So, we're doing everything in our control. Unfortunately, I've said this before, we're out of the M&A market, as a tool to sort of further diversify our portfolio at this moment in time. I think the valuations are way too high in the market that are being paid right now, 15 times anything. It seems, it's hard to get an ROIC at an acceptable level. And we still are old-fashioned that way. We still believe in an unlevered return on capital even if that is close to free. And so, we don't think that's value-creating for our shareholders, so we're not going to do that. What we are going to do is focus on innovation and driving innovative growth across our portfolio. We've been doing it for a long time here at Eastman, and we're showing you excellent proof points about how we're doing it in the acquisitions from interlayers to Crystex, Performance Films, and we're starting to accelerate somewhat great opportunities in Taminco now that we've got under the hood there. So, we're going to do that. We're going to take out cost as much as we possibly can, but not cut our innovation programs, that's a core choice for us. And as Curt mentioned, we've got one of the best free cash flows in the industry and we'll be repurchasing shares as aggressively as we can, but also maintaining our credit rating.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. And then, Advanced Materials has been a bright spot this year. Operating income is up 14% in the first half. You mentioned that it should grow double digits in 2016. Will you have double-digit growth in the second half of 2016? And if so, what do you think will drive that?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think we're going to continue to have rate of growth through the rest of the year in its volume and mix. It's just a continuation of the story we've been delivering for a long time.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Can you remind me how much is your pension funding this year? And I would imagine your pension liabilities will grow given the interest rate environment that we're in. And so, do you have any sort of guesstimate for how your pension funding might change next year or in future years?
Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So, Jeff, I'll answer those in reverse order, if you don't mind. First of all, we do anticipate lower discount rates. And so, if you just give a $0.01 for every 25 bps that the discount rate lowers in 2016 that's roughly a $50 million increase in our liability for our pensions. If you expand that globally about $90 million. And so, if you take current discount rates, there's probably about a 75 bps, 80 bps decline. So, you're looking at maybe a couple of hundred million increase in your pension liability. But it's only July so we'll see what the next five months hold. As it relates to pension funding, we contributed about $100 million last year. I suspect it will be between $50 million to $75 million this year.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Great. And then, for my follow-up, in the Additives & Functional area, can you remind me which product lines are growing in volume and which ones are shrinking?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Jeff. So, overall, the segment net had a 2% volume growth for the second quarter. And what we're seeing is very strong growth in tire additives, especially Crystex. Great recovery there and we're doing really well with our customers across the globe there. And then anti-dumping tariffs on tires are really helping us out as we have a stronger position outside of China and we're benefiting from that shift to the U.S. Coatings are growing with the market consistent with our customers. And as you think about adhesives, it's also  has modest growth. All that success is being offset to some degree by decline in energy markets, which has been double-digit. We have some products that go downhaul into that space, and industrial construction, which is where fluid is going. And so, we're obviously seeing a pretty drop in the construction cycle in China when it comes to chemical plants and demand is off there.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Laurence Alexander from Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: Good morning. I had two questions. First, just want to connect two of the responses earlier. The comments around 8% to 10% growth next year, do you need the areas in your Intermediates business to stabilize for that to happen? Or you've seen enough lever and thought you can get to 8% even if the current pressures spill over into next year and the bottoming out process is pushed out?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. We're assuming that the world stays similar to the way it is today. So, oil stays in the 40s, economy continues to grow slowly and there is a modest improvement in oil prices next year relative to this year, but not anything material. And with those conditions, we believe Chemical Intermediates can grow earnings over this year. You have to remember that you got a net $0.30 of share tailwind of the hedge, when you back out currency that's $0.40 of propane hedges coming off and a $0.10 headwind in currency, net $0.30, and a lot of that, that tailwind flows in to Chemical Intermediates, 80% roughly. So, you've got that tailwind. And you've got what we think is a bottoming out situation right now in pricing and behavior by our competitors. And so, we're not assuming some dramatic recovery next year.
Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And if I could add, don't forget, we've also announced the additional cost actions because given the challenges of Fibers potentially being down 10% to 20% next year, we don't want to sit idle. And so, we're taking the additional cost actions plus, we expect good strong free cash flow next year and the ability to deploy that in a balanced way across debt and share repurchases.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: And secondly, if and when energy markets recover, what do you see is the lag effect for your business to recover? And is your operating leverage in any way diminished by the cost-out actions you've taken?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The cost actions certainly don't diminish anything. We are very committed to innovation. The only way we actually deliver long-term growth, long-term margins for our shareholders is innovate. That's true, I think, of any company in this industry, if you don't innovate, your products get commoditized. That's just a fact of life. So, our cost reductions are not  we have a very bright line where we're not going to cross that. But we are going to push our cost reductions to the limit. And I'd also note, we are already at very low cost. And we already stretched our Functional scale capability tremendously with the large number of acquisitions we've done. So, we feel good about where we are, but you can always push for more, and that's what we're going to do. When it comes to the overall market dynamics as we go into next year, I think we're set up well to grow our businesses through volume and mix in the specialties, and hold our margins. And I think, Chemical Intermediates, the situation, we hope is stabilizing, as long as oil doesn't take another big step down.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from P.J. Juvekar of Citigroup.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Yes. Hi. Good morning. Mark, you talked about C2 chain being weak. I have a question on C3 chain. Propylene prices were generally stable in second quarter, around $0.30. Are the propylene derivatives still falling, or have you seen some stabilization? Can you just talk generally about the C3 chain?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think the C3 chain, I think we've talked about it to some degree already which is, propylene prices seem to have stabilized right now, but they're not improving as oil improved, as much as propane did. So you've seen some compression in that spread. And if you look at it year-over-year, obviously, there is tremendous compression in propylene to propane spread versus a year ago in the second quarter, as well as how we view the next couple of quarters. But I think that over time, it will go back to a more normal relationship. Propylene is a little bit artificially depressed by all the excess supply of PDH out there. But end of the day, propylene price is going to get set out of Asia, particularly probably China, and it's going to either be PDH, methanol, or to olefins or NAFTA, all of them connected to oil. So, once we get enough derivative capacity out there to turn all this propylene into something, I think you start getting back to some more normal relationships of propylene to propane, with wherever oil turns out to be.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): You talked about your portfolio transformation. A lot of investors think the portfolio is a bit too complicated for them to understand. I know you're divesting ethylene. The longer this transformation takes, your multiple is getting impacted in the meantime. So, can you give us a sense of timing on what you're thinking about this transformation, and when do you think you can sort of feel like you've done it?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. So, roughly, this year, two-thirds of earnings will come from AM and AFP, which is a dramatic change, if you look at who we are today versus five years ago. So, I think we've made huge progress on altering our portfolio and it was intentional, as I said. Obviously, we didn't expect the accelerated pressure in Fibers and Chemical Intermediates we're experiencing at the moment, So I thought I had a little more time to sort of grow the specialties relative to those two segments. But I do think we're doing everything we can, and we're cutting costs aggressively to offset the margin compression we're facing in Fibers and CI as much as we can. And I think oil will recover to some degree at some point, and that will give us a big tailwind relative to some of these businesses. So I think  this is a really tough year for us, obviously. I'm not happy about it. We're doing everything we can, on every front, to make it as good as possible. But right now, we got to organically grow. We got to divest what we can and returning cash to shareholders. And I think that is going to be a compelling story, if you look at how we can perform in that context relative to this year going forward and relative to, I think, many of our peers. So, we're on the right track. We just got to keep driving it.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Duffy Fischer from Barclays.
Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, fellows. Three questions on tow, if I could. First is, you talk about being low cost, which I think everybody would grant you. But bigger question is, how steep do you think the cost curve is, so you guys versus, say, the plant that sits at the 90th percentile of the cost curve, how big is that delta? Second question would be, how much has the low methanol prices changed the cost dynamic for your competitors, and therefore the dynamics in tow? And then the last one is, selling half of your JV back to Solvay, on the surface of it, giving a smaller competitor more capacity doesn't seem logical. So, could you walk through the logic of doing that deal?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, I'll take the first two, Curt will take the last one. So, in regards to the shape of the curve, we are definitely the lowest cost player. And to answer your question, the curve has flattened out a bit, because  while we're based on coal, our competitors are based on natural gas and methanol that drives their cost structure. And certainly, those prices have come down. So, in this year, it's feeling a little bit sort of flattened out relative to the past. As you look forward, coal's going to probably stay pretty low in the U.S., and natural gas prices are already moving up, and methanol prices will certainly move up with oil as well. So, I think the curve is actually going to steepen relative to us from this year going forward, is our view of sort of how that cost curve's changed and is going to go back to being steeper as we move forward. I'm not going to get into details of the steepness of the curve. What I can tell you though is, there's plenty of high-cost assets out there that are discrete standalone assets. And if someone wanted to improve their earnings and their cost position to serve their customers, that's the choice that they have to work through.
Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: On the flake joint venture, as you know, we enjoyed the benefits of that flake joint venture for a number of years, a good partner, a good asset. But given our debottlenecking of our own low-cost flake assets and the shutdown of Workington, we're now balanced. So we didn't need that capacity off that joint venture. So, really, we agreed to sell our share to that joint venture. I think it's a good outcome for both parties, because we'd be able to match our flake to our tow capacities around the world. It gives them a low-cost flake asset. I assume that gives them some options to think about, but you need to ask them about that.
Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you, guys.
Gregory A. Riddle - Vice President-Investor Relations & Communications: Ron, let's make the next question the last one, please.
Operator: Perfect. And we'll take our last question from Mr. Bob Koort from Goldman Sachs.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks very much. Guys, in the Chemical Intermediates, I mean, pretty jarring results to nearly make no money. I'm just curious if you look across that portfolio, it seems like there's several businesses that should be reasonably good. So, are there some reasonable loss makers in there at the moment?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, Bob, I think we've called that ethylene enough and obviously that one is pretty challenged in the current economic situation. It's also important to keep in mind that while we're certainly not happy about the hedge with low oil that the margins in this business will probably be double if you extract the hedge out of this segment. So, it's certainly not good and we're not happy about it. But if you look at operating earnings before financing activity, it's quite a bit better. And we'll, by that reason, get better as the hedge rolls off over the next two years. But, certainly, we're under pressure in bulk ethylene. That's the only sort of one that is sort of in a challenged situation. The others are just much lower margins than what we'd like it to be. And as I said, plasticizers, is an example of the place that's under a lot of pressure hence our antidumping case.
Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And Bob, if I could...
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: (01:02:25).
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I'm sorry, Bob, just to remind you. The second quarter results do include roughly $35 million of maintenance cost. So that's a little unusual for the second quarter trend. That's why you'll see sequential improvement in this Chemical Intermediates through the rest of the year.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And I know you guys have a slightly different feedstock slate than, say, your average U.S. cracker which can cause some challenges. Is there anything unique about your contract structure either in ethylene or across your portfolio that would be different than sort of a typical company?
Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No, not really. I mean, again, we have  no unique, (01:02:58) we're just a buyer of propane in the marketplace, same with ethylene. We have a certain slate of product mix in the crackers. There's some flexibility but we have some limitations there. Longer term, if there's a party interested in our crackers, there's amount of capital you could deploy to make that more ethylene-based, and that's the kind of conversations we're having with the people interested in our excess ethylene position today.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thanks very much.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So. I'm just going to make one final comment and let Greg wrap-up. While we're certainly not happy with our performance in the second quarter and revising guidance down for this year, I think that we are extremely happy with our strategy and what we're trying to do. For a long time, we've known that we should be growing our specialties both innovative ways as well as acquisitions. We're doing that and it has improved the quality of our portfolio and the strength of this company dramatically from where we were five years ago and we're going to continue doing that. We're also going to do everything we can to reduce cost, offset these short-term challenges, being responsible for delivering value for our shareholders both in short and the long term at the same time. And so, you're going to see us drive executions as hard as we can. You're going to see push results as hard as we can in this very tough environment. And we feel good about our way to fight our way through this and deliver growth next year.
Gregory A. Riddle - Vice President-Investor Relations & Communications: Okay. Thanks, everyone for joining us this morning. A web replay will be available later this morning and have a great day.
Operator: And that will conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-29 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory A. Riddle - Vice President-Investor Relations & Communications Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Ryan Berney - Goldman Sachs & Co. Jagan Pisharath - Nomura Securities International, Inc. P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Inc. Nils-Bertil Wallin - CLSA Americas LLC James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Daniel Rizzo - Jefferies LLC Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company First Quarter 2016 Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman's website, www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory A. Riddle - Vice President-Investor Relations & Communications: Okay. Thank you, Taylor, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining for us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Chairman and CEO; Curt Espeland, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Louis Reavis, Manager-Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's first quarter 2016 financial results new release and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-K filed for 2015 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for first quarter 2016. Second, earnings per share and operating earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain non-core costs, charges, and gains. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded items, are available in the first quarter 2016 financial results news release, which can be found on our website, www.eastman.com, in the Investors section. Projections of future earnings also exclude any non-core unusual or non-recurring items. I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, everyone. I'll start on slide three. We had a solid start of the year with the first quarter results, which were slightly better than our expectation. Overall our strategy is working. We did a great job of holding onto value to the quarter, as we increased our operating margin by 40 basis points to over 18%. We continue to upgrade the quality of our product mix by growing high-margin specialty product lines, a key component of our winning strategy. See, more of our strategy in action, I recently traveled to visit customers in Asia. And I'm really excited about all the innovation and customer engagement that's gaining traction across the region from India to China to Japan. In India, we secured our first commercial success on our next-generation polyester coatings platform with the leading manufacturer of SUVs and tractors. As I met with them, I was excited to see their engagement and enthusiasm for our solution and how it could significantly improve their ability to maintain their leadership cost effectively. With increasing expectations from the emerging middle-class in India and new western competitors, this customer face to challenge. Upgrade the durability in glass retention of their monocoat coating or spend significant money to build a more expensive two-coat system. Our revolutionary next-gen polyester coating enable them to achieve best-in-class performance within monocoat instead of moving to a much more expensive two-coat solution. We were there last September when the first SUV's rolled-off the assembly line, a short 15 months after the project started. And now, there are more than 30,000 SUVs on the road. Key to the success was a tremendous partnership built between this auto OEM, their exceptional coatings formulator and Eastman. We've started with auto coatings and we're making tremendous progress in industrial and package coatings as well. In China, we've recently partnered with a leading local housewares brand to launch a product line that utilizes our Tritan copolyester, as we're seeing the increased local need for greater products safety and durability. Similar to success in India, these customers are looking for a way to differentiate themselves from other local competitors. And I'm very bullish on this market expansion into China for a product that has predominantly been sold to North America and European consumers. As part our success, we're providing training to the company's 20,000-person sales force that works throughout department stores in China, who are pitching our Tritan value proposition for us every day. These are just two of many examples where we're succeeding by helping our customers through innovation. On the cost management front, we are well on track with our corporate cost reduction efforts, without sacrificing our long-term growth initiative. Our SG&A and R&D as a percentage of sales remains the lowest quartile of our peers, which is a function of our scale and integration and the great discipline of our employees. We've also made excellent progress in reducing manufacturing costs. Productivity is in the DNA of Eastman and we continue to succeed. Cash flow is consistent with our expectations and we are on track to deliver another strong year of free cash flow, enabling or increasing dividend, deleveraging, repurchasing shares in the back half of the year. Beyond these great results, we've also been the recipient of numerous awards over the past several months, which highlight many of the qualities our stakeholders have come to expect from Eastman. We received a Glassdoor Employees' Choice Award honoring the best places to work, but as I most of this  about this award is, it's based solely on the input of employee. We're the only chemical company to be in the top 50 best place to work ever and this is our third year in a row we've been honored. The award speaks to our winning culture which enables us to innovate with our customers and integrate our acquisitions does successfully. We're also named by the world's most ethical companies for the third consecutive year by Ethisphere for outstanding corporate ethics and corporate responsibility. Characteristics highly valued by our employees, our communities and our customers. Finally, we are recognized by the EPA as an ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year award, becoming the only chemical company to have received this recognition consecutively for five years in a row. And only two other chemical company to have received it once. This is a great win for both the environment and our cost structure. Our solid first quarter results and the continued recognition we're receiving are direct result of the great work being done by Eastman employees around the world. And I want to thank them for their outstanding contribution. With that, I'll turn it over to Curt.
Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Okay. Thanks, Mark, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. I know it's been a busy week for you. I want to go off script for a second here just pall on a little to Mark's comment. I've now coming on the CFO, now coming on eight years and I just wanted to express the excitement we have with our various growth program. When I look through my finance plans, I'm convinced that these growth programs will lead to meaningful revenue growth and strong returns for the coming years. And it's a real pleasure to watch a winning strategy get executed by Mark and our business technology and strategy teams despite this business climate that we're facing, and to be a part of that high-performing winning culture that Mark talked about. So, many of you know this already, good things are happening at Eastman that will benefit both 2016 and beyond. So, with that, let me get back to my prepared remarks. I'll start on our first quarter corporate results on slide four. Overall, we delivered a solid quarter and a challenging business climate. Sales revenue declined as bill solid sales volume growth was more than offset by lower selling prices. As we expected, the largest decline was in the Chemical Intermediates segments where low oil has its greatest impact. Our operating earnings decreased as strong performance in Advanced Materials was more than offset by decline in Chemical Intermediates. Overall, earnings per share was solid, reflecting good quality earnings and a lower tax rate. And I'm proud of how our commercial teams are finding the right balance of retaining appropriate value given the attributes and value proposition of our specialties and sharing some of that benefit of lower RAS with our customer. On slide five, I'll transition to an overview of our cash flow and other finance highlights for the year  for the quarter, sorry. We continue to do an excellent job of generating cash with first quarter operating cash flow of $47 million in what is typically our lowest quarter. These results reflect our normal beginning of the year working capital build. Capital expenditures totaled $110 million. We continue to manage the pace of capital spending with the current economic environment while maintaining growth investments. We expect full-year capital expenditures to be approximately $650 million, maybe a little less as the year unfolds. Free cash flow was a negative $63 million for the quarter, consistent with our expectations. Our first quarter dividend was $68 million. Our effective tax rate for the first quarter improved to approximately 24%. We continue to expect our full-year tax rate will be between 24% and 25%, reflecting the continued benefits of our improved business operations, and we'll continue doing what we can to be at the lower end of that range. For free cash flow, we'll remain on track to be above $900 million. As a whole, I'm pleased with our earnings and cash flow performance at the start the year. On slide six and seven, I'll provide an overview of the two segments most affected by our business restructuring. This is the first quarter we're reporting under the new business structure, so we thought this would be helpful. First under our new structure, Additives & Functional Products is well positioned for GDP plus growth, with an attractive market footprint and diverse geographic profile. Our transportation exposure is about 75% replacement, 25% OEM. This split is similar for building and construction. Performance drivers for this segment include increasing demand for quality vehicles, improvement in the housing market and increasing use of consumables by growing middle-class. And we remain focused on attractive secular growth end market, where innovation and deep customer connect offer a clear competitive advantage. As we look forward, I'm excited about the growth we expect from our innovation projects. Mark already shared an exceptional story of rapid innovation in India. We are continuing to see strong growth in our tire resins as a performance additive, and strong growth in our low-VOC, low-odor coalescent for architectural paints. And we are just getting started with innovation efforts in alkylamines specialty (10:35). Next on slide seven, the new Chemical Intermediates segment, which now comprises the majority of our olefins exposure, will benefit from advantage market positions in key intermediate, particularly in North America. Performance drivers for this next segment include growing middle-class, continued adoption of non-phthalate plasticizers and North America shale gas advantage. In addition, flexible market outlook will drive our asset utilization and support growth for our strategic specialty product line. Overall, the segment has a set of a good value-adding businesses, which benefit from scale, integration and reliability, and are essential to supporting the growth in our specialty businesses. Moving next to the segment results and starting with Advanced Materials on slide eight, which delivered a strong quarter. Sales revenue increased due to higher sales volume of premium products, including Eastman Tritan copolyester and Saflex acoustic interlayers. This was partially offset by lower selling prices, primarily for copolyesters, attributed to lower raw material costs. Earnings increased primarily due to higher sales volume and improved product mix of premium products, and lower unit cost due to higher capacity utilization. Looking at the full year, we continue to expect strong results for Advanced Materials as they progress on our strategy for this business of volume growth, mix improvement and fixed cost leverage. Sequentially, we expect volume will increase due to normal seasonality for our copolyester customers. We had strong sales in March and that has continued into April. Interlayer volumes remain strong as OEM auto build remains solid, acoustic growth continues, and overall building and construction market in Europe is improving. As a result for the year, we expect greater than GDP volume growth for this business. In addition to the strong volume growth, we expect further robust mix improvement with continued growth in high-margin product, such as Tritan copolyester and acoustic interlayers. As we continue to fill out our existing capacity we benefit from fixed cost leverage. We expect all of these factors will result in strong earnings growth for Advanced Materials. Now to the Additives & Functional Products on slide nine. Overall, a solid quarter despite the short-term challenges. Revenue declined primarily due to lower selling prices, attributed to lower raw material and energy costs, and competitive pressure for certain products, particularly in Asia Pacific. Operating earnings decreased primarily due to an unfavorable shift in foreign currency rate. Looking at the full-year 2016, we expect solid volume growth for AFP, in line with the end market growth. In particular, we expect volume growth in the transportation, building and construction and consumables end markets. We also expect lower selling prices reflecting both lower raw material cost, and as we discussed in January, we did an excellent job holding on to value last year, but we also started to share this value with our customers towards the end of 2015 and through the first quarter of this year. Overall, we expect Additives & Functional Products to be stable to slightly down, which would be a solid result in the current business climate. Now to Fibers on slide 10, results for this segment were as expected. Sales revenue declined, primarily due to lower acetyl chemical sales volume, and lower acetate tow selling price, mostly offset by higher acetate tow sales volume. The higher acetate tow sales volume was attributed to customer buying pattern. The decline in acetyl chemicals was due to lower-cost internal sourcing of cellulose acetate flake raw materials rather than obtaining these raw materials from our joint venture in Kingsport. Earnings for the quarter declined moderately as lower selling prices were partially offset by higher acetate tow sales volume, lower raw material energy cost, and reduced operating costs resulting from recent actions. Looking at the full-year 2016, our current expectations are in line with the guidance I provided at an investor conference in March. We expect acetate tow sales volume to be down about 10% for the year, mainly reflecting customer backward integration and destocking in China. We also expect selling prices to decline but to be mostly offset by lower raw material costs, as well as the benefit of cost actions we have taken. As a result, we are expecting earnings to be down close to 15% for the year. I'll finish up the segment review of Chemicals Intermediates on slide 11. Chemicals Intermediates delivered a solid quarter despite significant volatility impacting their business. Sales (15:30) first quarter declined, primarily reflecting lower selling prices attributed to lower raw material costs. Chemicals Intermediates is also impacted by continued competitive pressure resulting from weak demand in Asia Pacific. Operating earnings declined in part due to a difficult comparison. In the first half of 2015, we did a great job of holding on to value during a period of significant raw material cost decline. In the first quarter of 2016, selling prices were down, reflecting the lower raw material costs, and therefore margins declined. Looking at the full year 2016, we expect a number of factors to impact results. We expect solid volume growth due to continued plasticizers growth, particularly in the building and construction market, as well as overall modest growth in North America, which is almost 70% of the overall segment revenue. We also expect olefin margins to remain under pressure as the recent increase in oil price has not yet translated to improving olefin prices, particularly ethylene. And we expect lower methanol prices to enable lower pricing by competitors in some of our acetyl and amines product lines. Therefore, for 2016, we expect earnings to be meaningfully lower given the low oil environment and the pressure on spreads. And I'd add that when you think about how the year will unfold, we expect second quarter operating earnings will be lower than first quarter due to both significantly higher maintenance shut down costs and how our propane hedge flows through costs. Lastly, I'll give you a quick update on our process for divesting our merchant ethylene position and potentially other commodity olefin product lines. As we mentioned in January, we're moving forward with this process and have to engage bankers. The books are now out and we're talking with potential buyers and are pleased with the initial interest. We will be disciplined, patient sellers as we move through this process, and we will update you further as the process continues to progress. With that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Curt. I'll transition to our outlook on slide 12. We have a strong portfolio of specialty businesses. We have delivered over the last six years and we expect that to continue in 2016. We expect our innovative specialty products will continue to grow strongly, improving product mix and accelerating overall earnings growth. And we are levered to grow in attractive end markets, especially transportation, building construction, and consumables. We're equally committed to meet our aggressive cost reduction targets. In addition, we expect to achieve further cost synergies from our acquisitions. And after de-levering, we also expect to repurchase shares in the back half of the year. In the near-term, however, slow global economic growth, combined with low oil and weak Asian and European currencies are increasing competitive pressure in some products. And as we guided early in the year, we expect some inventory destocking in China to impact Fibers' results. We will continue to drive hard to deliver EPS that approaches our 2015 EPS, and we are maintaining our guidance for EPS to be flat to down 5%. And given where olefin spreads are today, we are likely to be more towards the lower end of that range. I'd also note that the first half of the year will be a tougher comp in the back half. As I look beyond 2016, we're well-positioned for growth as these short-term challenges recede and our strong growth drivers continue. Altogether, I'm confident we'll continue to deliver attractive earnings growth in the long term as we transform towards a specialty portfolio. Thanks for joining us this morning, and I look forward to your questions.
Gregory A. Riddle - Vice President-Investor Relations & Communications: Okay. Thanks, Mark. We've got a lot of people on the line this morning and we'd like to get to as many questions as possible. So I ask you to please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. With that, Taylor, we are ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our first question from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, David.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Mark  good morning. On the guidance, you have strong Q1 beats, the rule has gotten probably a little bit better since late January, FX a little bit better as well, yet you're now guiding towards the lower half of that slight to down 5% range. So it seems awfully conservative, help me with that if you can?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Dave. Obviously, it's a pretty dynamic environment out there with oil and currency, and it's difficult to predict the next month, let alone the remainder of the year. What I love about our portfolio right now is we're growing the way we should in our specialties. We're driving a lot of strong volume growth, a lot of mixed improvement through innovation and Advanced Materials. Doing a great job of holding on to value in Adds & Functional Products. So we feel good about that and feel great about the cost reductions coming through as we expected. But what we're not seeing right now as we expected in January is the improvement in olefins spreads. Oil has certainly gone up, as we all know, to $45. But we're not seeing sort of the olefins prices recover in the way we would've expected, especially on the ethylene side. So it should've been more in the low 30% range, and we'll get spot down at 25%. So that's really the main issue, Dave. There's some increase in competitive activity with currencies. Currencies and just about FX translation, it includes how people use that improved cost structure to pursue volume unsuccessfully, I might add. But they give it a good shot. And that put some price pressure in the marketplace that you have to respond. So we're seeing a little bit out here and there, but principally it's an olefins issue. Overall, though, I feel very much on track with our strategy and how we're going to create earnings growth, especially as you look at it from 2016 through 2017 and beyond. And the one interesting upside that's coming out of all this is we're finding customers highly motivated to find innovation these days, because we're all living in a tough world. And so we're seeing tremendous engagement even from Asian customers, looking on how to innovate value of their product portfolio. So we're really starting to see some acceleration on that front, which is great to see.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Understood. And just on Fibers, Mark, destocking, when do you think will it end? Will it grow into 2017? And post destocking ending, what's your net view of long-term secular volume trends in this business?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. So I'll break it down, both from a cigarette demand point of view and a tow point of view. So on the cigarette side, we see primary demand being very consistent with our views we've shared in all the previous calls. Outside of China, it's sort of down 1% to 2% like it's been for years. Inside China, we're still not seeing any signs that there's some significant change in primary consumption of cigarettes so I'd call it sort of flat, maybe up 1%. But there's some uncertainty here in the short-term as the economic pressure in China could affect people's rate of purchasing cigarettes. But overall, I'd say it's very stable. And especially when you think inside China that the Chinese National Tobacco Company, principal goal is to grow tax revenue. They're assigned a target to grow at stated China GDP, around 6.5%, 7%. They've never missed their target ever from what I know. So I think we should expect stability there when it comes to primary demand. So then you get back to what's going on in destocking, and what we see is at the tow level, the Chinese National Tobacco Company has set a pretty aggressive destocking target for tow this year. And you have to remember that demand drop last year and this year is a function of two things. The first driver is CNTC backward integrating with us in 2014, with ISO in 2015. And so certain amount of import demand was just replaced by internal production inside China. And that's actually a little bit bigger driver than destocking relative to primary demand. And so you've got that happening, plus they built up too much tow inventory in their imports as they did this backward integration so now they're pulling the inventory down. Their target puts it to a very low level, so I think that destocking will be complete. So we're now really looking at what other decisions do they make around cigarette inventory in the marketplace in between tow and primary demand. That's very opaque. We think they're making good progress on that and they've got this mandate to keep on growing. So I think the vast majority of the destocking should be behind us, but I'm not going to forecast inventory of cigarettes in China.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Can you talk a little bit more about  last quarter you mentioned that on specialty side of the house you were worried about sort of the spreads that it opened up and you're actively sort of stepping out in trying to partner with your customers, and try to find a spread that would be conducive to both of you being happy and sort of remove the risk that the customers would kind of come in and try to reformulate  sorry, competitors will try to come in and reformulate customers away from you. Can you talk a little bit about where you are in that process? And do we know how it's going play out over the balance of the year or not?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think you described the situation pretty well, I'm not sure I need to say anything else. But that's exactly what we've been doing. In Advanced Materials, we've been growing through volume and mix, and spreads have been relatively stable when it comes to raw materials. And so that is a volume mix story and how we're improving the margins there and how we're growing and delivering results. So I would take that off the table and we feel very stable about how we're going to grow there. AFP, as you saw, prices came off a bit in the first quarter. And what we did last year, on a restated basis, if you look at Additives & Functional Products provides last year from 2014 to 2015, prices were only down about 3%. So we had a great success last year in holding on to value through the beginning half of last year really through the third quarter, expanding our margins and tremendous growth in earnings as you can now see in Adds & Functional Products and our specialty businesses from 2014 to 2015. So we started giving some of that value back and sharing the value raw materials with our customer in the fourth quarter last year through the first quarter of this year, which is the right thing to do. It's the way you create value because in the end of the day, what you all want is us to grow long term, not just short term earnings. And you've got to have market share, and more importantly, you've got to have customers that are motivated and engaged with you to work on innovation for the next generation of products. And I think we're walking that balance as carefully as we can. And the margins, I would expect, will normalize around sort of what you're seeing in the first quarter. And I think that's what we'll see for the rest of the year. So I think that that business is doing well, and there is always a choice to hold prices high, be aggressive, and deliver great earnings relative to RAS in the short term. But soon or later, you're setting yourself up for volume fall, and certainly a lack of innovation in that portfolio if you do that because customers aren't very motivated when they can see how much of raw materials have improved to work with you. So we're not going to make that choice. I think that's mistake, and I'm proud of how the teams are walking that balance. It's not that easy in a tough environment where we're pushing hard for earnings growth every day. But I think that's going to work out well for us long term.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And then just quickly, I heard your comments in your prepared remarks about still expecting to repurchase shares in the back half of the year. You didn't mention M&A at all, the landscape, how that's changing a little bit with different companies, splitting off and spinning off and things like that. I guess evaluations are still high. But any change in your view on M&A?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: On the M&A front, we're certainly not looking at any large M&A. I view the valuations of assets trading lately as very high and would struggle to see how I'd be delivering a good return on invested capital to our investors. So I think we're staying away from that. Bolt-on M&A is always something that you'll consider when it's reinforcing an existing business to improve its competitive position or relevance to consumers, customers. But right now, even there we're not really looking at anything in the short term. So I think that as you think about our very strong free cash flow that's outstanding for this industry, you should think about are we supporting increasing dividends and repurchasing shares after we finish the delevering.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Berney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning. This is Ryan Berney on for Bob Koort. Being, again, back into that cash flow question, would you say that with large scale M&A kind of off the table, is an investment grade credit rating still a high priority for you? And is that going to be a significant use to your cash flow proceeds, or has your kind of thinking shifted more towards returning cash to shareholders?
Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, what you're seeing from us and will continuous to see from us is build discipline and balanced across all the buckets where we can deploy our cash. So Mark already addressed M&A, as well as the share repurchases. From an investment grade standpoint, yes, we are committed to our investment grade credit rating, and we'll continue to take the actions necessary to maintain that credit rating but I think you have to see balanced use of our cash flow going into 2017.
Ryan Berney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you. And then on the acquisition synergies you mentioned in your outlook, could you give us a sense for how much of that you estimate you're going to capture in 2016?
Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, if you look at the synergies in 2015, we achieved roughly $25 million. For 2016, we expect that to be roughly $50 million of cost and operational synergies, as well as some additional tax synergies. And you're seeing those tax synergies showing up on our effective tax rate.
Ryan Berney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you very much.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Aleksey Yefremov with Nomura Securities.
Jagan Pisharath - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, this is Jagan Pisharath sitting in for Aleksey. So question, in Advanced Materials, could you provide a little bit more color on your comments between volume and mix? What products and maybe even regions do you see mix upgrades versus volume?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Great question, love answering that one. Advanced Materials is just rocking it again this year, building on a great year last year, incredibly proud of that team in driving innovation across the portfolio. So we're seeing strong growth in Trident as we've seen for several years now, growing in housewares, seeing some early and very encouraging wins around medical, and that's going to continue. Also, continued great success in our new displays products, growing with mobile devices, delivering very attractive margins as well as growth. Interlayers is just having another phenomenal year, building on top of last year. In addition to OEM growth rate, which has clearly been pretty good around the world, especially in North America and Europe, we're seeing a significant increase in our real estate of the car, so we're moving from the windshields to the side lamps to the sunroofs as they're adding more, not just laminate glass, but typically acoustic laminated glass to quiet the cabin for a better rider experience. So we're seeing great engagement there. In fact, when I was with a key glass customer in Japan last week, it was very exciting to hear about how much they're looking forward to our next-gen acoustics and heads-up display products. So we've added a lot of value to this industry already, and we've got a new acoustic product that's going to allow them to lightweight the glass, maybe take as much as 25% of the weight of the glass out, which is a big deal. And we've got a far superior heads-up display product coming out as well that's going to dramatically increase the size and clarity, allowing a lot of mobility to be added of information to the car for the whole new Internet of Things trend in the car. So a lot of engagement, a lot of innovation there, so a great success. And then even in performance films, we rolled out a very successful new channel strategy in performance films where we're growing, especially in North America, bringing a lot more people into the category, seeing the value proposition of greater solar rejection, skin protection from skin cancer, as well as aesthetics and security. So just all fronts are hitting really well right now. We're really excited about what those teams are getting done.
Jagan Pisharath - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: And do you think you can grow interlayers from secular growth, even in a slower auto OEM growth environment?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We do. We see that  we're always going to be tied to OEM growth rate to some extent. That business is about 75% OEM, 25% replacement, where  for transportation  by the way, Additives & Functional products is the reverse, 25% OEM, 75% replacement. So we're going to be tied to OEM growth rate to some degree, but I think that the ability to grow in the real estate, and most importantly, value of mix where we're selling much higher margin acoustic and heads-up display products at a much higher rate than the OEM growth rate allows us to continue to grow our earnings.
Jagan Pisharath - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Great, thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from P.J. Juvekar with Citigroup.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Yes. Hi, good morning.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Question on your Additives & Functional Products. Your prices dropped 8%. Now some of these products like coatings, additives, I know you had to lower prices to your customers. So what is the range of price declines in this segment? Is Crystex flat and some products down double digits? Can you just help us sort through the pricing?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. So as I said, this is a place where we've had a lot of margin expansion last year relative to raw materials dropping. In particular, the place where we saw the tightest conditions last year was in adhesives where we were able to maintain very good price discipline while RAS improved. And there's that place, we're giving back some price as the market for some of the products are moving to a more balanced versus tight position. And we knew that was coming. We've told the investors about that for several quarters now, and that's sort of playing out as expected, but that's some of the price decline. The other place is in the olefin-related products, the specialty products like our coalescents where we're seeing  some price is being shared with our customers. As those raw materials improved last year, we held prices fairly well and now we're reducing some prices there to share the value with our customers. And we are seeing prices come off a bit in the Crystex product as we are growing in that business and defending our share. Again, very much as we expected that some of the price is coming off there, especially in Asia. What I would say is quite encouraging about the tires market is we're seeing a nice recovery in demand in tires, especially in the first quarter here relative to last year, and that market getting back on stable footing and well positioned to deliver some nice volume growth this year. So overall, I'd say the prices are more or less playing out the way we would expect. It's important that we defend our markets and keep these customers engaged as we work on this next generation of product introductions. Really excited about the Crystex process that we're launching. We've got the retrofit line in Germany up and running. That'll improve our cost and enable us to have a much superior product, and the Kuantan project is going well. So it's all coming together nicely.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): And just question on oil price. The recent bounce back is not necessarily helping you, but do you see less of a negative impact from propane hedges as a result? Thank you.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'll let Curt answer the hedge question first and then I'll just talk about the overall olefins market.
Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. P.J., the way we're seeing the hedges, the hedges as we talked about start of the year, we do expect some of the propane hedges are rolling off, but yet the out-of-money condition's gotten a little worse. But still, when I look across the hedging portfolio, both currency and propane hedges, the impact of roughly $0.60 a share last year net is still roughly the same amount of impact we're expecting this year.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So it's not a cost structure issue that's sort of out of line of what we would've expected, it's an olefin price issue, P.J. So we're just not seeing olefin prices, in particular ethylene prices sort of come up as we would've expected in the second quarter right now. And so we're being a bit cautious on how that's going to play out.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Morning.
Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Morning.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, John.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Could you close the transaction at Longview without settling with Westlake or having them drop their appeal, or maybe they've already dropped their appeal and we just don't know it?
Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, just on the pipeline dispute, there's no material update with regard to the pipeline dispute. We've been successful at both the Texas Railroad Commission and the appeal efforts to insure the pipeline offers bi-directional flow and exchanges. Again, while we recognize there's a few more potential steps to completely resolve the dispute, we're confident we can move forward because quite honestly, those remaining steps, the timing of those are probably roughly the same amount of time we think it's going to take to execute the transaction. So we feel very comfortable that the pipeline dispute will not be a reason we don't move forward with the process.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then secondly, Philip Morris has a new product called the iQOS, which I guess is the latest incarnation of the heat stick. And I was reading The Economist that it's getting traction in Japan. Does that have a filter component?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It does have a filter component. It's not quite as large as a normal cigarette, but it does include a filter, from my knowledge. I haven't looked specifically at the details of this product but I know the past versions have.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: When I look at your gross profit margin on a sequential basis, it went up about 180 basis points from 26.6% to 28.4% even though the revenues really didn't change all that much from the fourth quarter of 2015 and the first quarter of 2016. So can you talk about why there was such a large gross margin change even though there really wasn't a meaningful revenue change?
Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, I think what that reflects is that relationship between pricing raw materials and the value that Mark talked about, as well as what you're continuing to see is improved mix. So what you see and what you're exchanging is maybe some lower value revenue for some better value revenue through the revenue that you saw through the first quarter.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The other factor, fourth quarter has quite a bit of propane hedge in it, Jeff, first quarter restarts. So hedge starts falling in the inventory, and COGS doesn't come out of inventory until the second quarter. So the biggest delta you're seeing on the cost side is going from quite a bit of the propane hedge to basically none in the first quarter.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I'm sorry to focus on commodities but  so propane hedge this year, is it the case that the first quarter has the smallest amount and the fourth quarter will have the largest amount? And before you were reflecting on ethylene values, but contract prices have really moved up to, I don't know, $0.30 a pound. Why is it that spot matters so much more to Eastman than contract matters in terms of ethylene prices? So there's sort of two questions in there.
Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, I'll talk about the hedge. You're right, the hedge impact is the lowest in the first quarter. I'm not sure I'd call it  characterize it as the heaviest in the fourth quarter. It's pretty well weighted across the rest of the quarters as inventory turns, but it's definitely lower in the first quarter.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: On the ethylene question, Jeff. For us, our bulk ethylene sales, it's better to think of them tracking spot than in TP.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. All right. Thank you so much.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo Securities.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, gentlemen.
Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning, Frank.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I'm almost thinking about asking a question for Bob Patel since we're talking about ethylene so much. But with that said, Mark, if I gave you and Eastman Chemical without exposure to ethylene, looking at 2016 versus 2015, how would you change the phrase driving hard to deliver 2016 EPS approaching 2015? Would you be confident in saying you'd meet and exceed or exceed, how would that change the dynamic of your guidance?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Frank, if you didn't have the sort of olefins dynamic going on that we're going through right now, we'd have earnings growth this year over last year and be locking in our seventh consecutive year of earnings growth. Take that another step further, if you look at the quality of our operating earnings in our company right now, it's substantially better, right? It's about $0.60 share better if you strip out both the propane hedge and the currency hedge, which I think gives us financial activity. So we'd have had  and that would be the same number roughly applied to last year, so we would have very strong earnings last year and very strong earnings this year relative to sort of what you're seeing because of this financial hedging. So that's why we're divesting the bulk ethylene and some of these other associated chemical intermediates is to get this volatility noise out of our story, because the real story for Eastman is tremendous growth in specialties, tremendous innovation across a wide range of very attractive markets, a very consistent strategy in driving that. We fundamentally believe in integration of value that's created for us, and I'm very happy to have our large integrated asset supporting our specialty. But for these intermediates and the bulk ethylene that we don't need for the specialty strategy, our objective, as it has been since 2013, is to get it out of our portfolio so we can focus on the great successes we're having in our specialties.
Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And Mark, if I could add. Another way to look at it, Frank, if you looked at a couple of years ago, our access to ethylene contributed about 5% of our overall EBIT as a percentage of revenue. If you look at this year, it's probably going to contribute 11% so that gives you an order of magnitude.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. All right that's very helpful. And in terms of the asset disposal you talked about, I'd love to ask about the potential timing. But having known Curt being in the CFO role for eight years  coming up on eight years, I know there's 0% chance he'd answer that with something that I could actually use. So I'll ask another question, you talked about significantly increasing your cost reduction efforts, can you give us some color there or some quantification as to what's going on there? What are the mileposts? What did you achieve in Q1 and beyond besides the acquisition synergies?
Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, sure, Frank, I'll answer that since  I'll answer both of your questions. Look, what I'm going to answer is you know what I will going to say, the timing of this effort is we're going to be a disciplined seller but this is a priority for us, but I think it's going to take later part of this year to execute that transaction. As it relates to cost reduction, now we're continuing the cost reduction program we discussed last quarter. It's a continued strong driver of our organization to see where we can eliminate ways, take out cost and drive our productivity. So we're making great progress towards our goal of $200 million of productivity gains, and we're going to remain confident that about $100 million of that will drop to the bottom line after we offset that growth spend in related projects and that normal inflation. So we're very much on track with what we started this year with.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think what we're trying to say is that the benefits of it are going to start showing up more in the second, third and fourth quarter relative to the first because the head count reductions didn't really complete into the end of February. So that's still flowing into COGS to flow out of inventory on the manufacturing side. And obviously, yes, the SG&A will shift a little bit faster but that's what we're trying to get at.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I see. All right. All right, thank you. That's helpful.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Duffy Fischer with Barclays.
Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes, good morning.
Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Inc.: In your outlook statement, you guys added the phrase kind of increasing competitive pressures. Can you walk through the three or four SBUs that are most impacted by that? In your mind, is that a structural change, or is it just kind of a cyclical change, maybe around raw materials and some activity there?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It's a combination of those factors. So principally, we're seeing this in Chemical Intermediates, and it's not surprising that you would see it in those kind of products, and it's really a combination of the world is growing slowly, in particular, China is growing slowly and not consuming a lot of capacity that they've added for a variety of products that sit in Chemical Intermediates. And so, when you combine that excess capacity with low oil environment and in some other places, some weakening currencies, you can get competitors chasing volume with their improved cost structure. And basically, that's what you're seeing. So you see some pressure in olefin related products in Chemical Intermediates, you see some pressure in acetyls. So as methanol price gets low, that allows the Asians, and particularly the Chinese, to drop their acetic acid, acetic anhydride prices and you have to respond to that as it works its way across the world. And even in alkylamines, we have some formula contracts that attract methanol. And we have a very advantaged methanol contract that goes into our cost structure, so just like our coal gasification or shale gas position, if our competitors have lower methanol price, you know, some of that prices don't come down, you're going to get a bit of the compression. So that's what you're seeing. I'd say added to that, there is some structural pressure and things like plasticizers, we've been talking about that since 2013 where the Koreans have been dumping their product all over the world since they can't get it into China anymore. So you see some pressure in a few products like that. It's principally there, there is a few products that I already discussed in the prior question around as the functional products like adhesives, so I think I've already addressed that in AFP.
Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then in tow, pretty divergent numbers between you and your biggest competitor. Now sometimes tow can be lumpy in any given quarter, should we chalk it up to that or is again there is something structural going on there or maybe we'll see continued large variances in the volume and the pricing numbers between the two of you?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, I think the answer is two things. One is, it is lumpy so there are lumpy buying patterns, and so you have to be extremely careful about trying to over interpret any quarter when you're comparing us to our tow peers. But there is also a difference that we've discussed in the past, which is we've been incredibly successful in having a very large share of imports into China that's allowed us to grow a lot of earnings and generate a lot of cash for shareholders in the past 10 years. Of course, there is the flipside of that now, when imports are dropping, we're going to feel the pressure of that more than our peers with the drop in imports in China. So, I'd say right there, that's sort of the key difference. On a global basis, I think our market shares are very stable, and we certainly have every intension of maintaining our position on a global basis from a share point of view. What I like about Eastman and our long-term future here is, we have the lowest cost, largest scale, fully integrated back to coal flake and tow position for the world, and we've got a great asset here in flake that allows us to support all of our assets both here, Korea and China. And because of the integration, because of the great value creation we get from our other cellulosic products and as with Functional Products and Advanced Materials, we also have more innovation capability than anyone else and sort of keeping that integrated asset base running. So, I'm very confident of our long-term position and we're committed to doing it. So, we'll see  we'll see how it plays out, but I think we're the winner in the end of this game.
Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Nils Wallin with CLSA.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - CLSA Americas LLC: Good morning, and thanks for taking my question. With respect to the sale of the olefins business, I'm curious as to how you're thinking about that in terms of potential tax leakage, I would assume, that the olefins asset is pretty well depreciated. And what your thoughts are would be in terms of doing a spin as opposed to a sale?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, what we're doing is  well, it's not only tax because there's a lot of variety of factors we're looking at. We recognize the current market conditions with oil and olefins, but our belief is that any potential strategic buyer will understand the long-term value of olefins produced with these good quality assets and will look at it that way. And you know us, we have a talented team at Eastman that knows how to buy and sell businesses. So, we'll be disciplined with valuation and patient on timing if need be. And I've already mentioned, there's a party (49:23). As it relates to a spin, that's a little tougher one because we're not quite sure this would be the scale of an asset that would really result in a value-creating spin. But we're not  we're open to all options. We're pretty flexible with the scope of the assets and the products involved. So, we'll just see how this all plays out and that's why I said earlier, this will probably take the greater part of this year to run this process.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - CLSA Americas LLC: Great. And then just kind of a follow-up in terms of the pricing. Obviously, there's been a lot of discussion around giving some price back to customers to share that value. Just thinking over the long term, over three to five years, what type of underlying price increase do you think you should be able to get for the innovation of your products in your portfolio?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think that the innovation always commands a nice premium, especially if you've got a proprietary product like Tritan, like our next-gen acoustics and heads-up display products that are going to come out, and a variety of our cellulosics and other display products. So, those are great. But even in the places where you do have some competitors, but we're still a dominant, strong leader of that space, you've got to have some discipline about how you price relative to your competitors. I feel very confident about our ability to grow in value of mix, command very attractive margins. I think we have one of the strongest EBITDA margins in the industry and have every intention to keeping them stable as we go forward, leveraging our fixed cost as well as mix improvement. So, overall, I think we're on the right strategy. As I look beyond this year, we're clearly doing a lot of adjustments. When you have such significant changes in margin  not margin, but in oil prices and currency, you are going to get margins flying up and down as you sort of normalize around stable levels. And you're going to see that stabilize, that's not unique to us, it's going to be true for any company connected to petrochemicals or a global business. But what I like is, as you look beyond this year, we've got a lot of great drivers to deliver growth going forward. So we've got the strong product mix and innovation. We've got the cost management that is going to continue to deliver great results, and we'll continue being very disciplined in the cost. We got the hedges rolling off, so that $0.60 a share I mentioned earlier will come back to earnings over the next two years. And then you've got a very strong free cash flow that will continue to get better as we go from this year forward, and that  once the delevering is completed, you've got it repurchasing shares and increasing the dividend. So it all adds up. I mean obviously there is a lot we can't control around the economy when it comes to how it's going to play out or oil and currency, but I like the fact that we have a lot in our control. The company is very focused on innovation, very focused on customer engagement, which is the only way you get to innovate, and that's how we are going to deliver results for our owners.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - CLSA Americas LLC: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from James Sheehan with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good morning. In your full-year outlook for down 5% earnings, how much of that is impact from currency, please?
Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: When we look at the currency, it's a small percentage of that piece. I would guess  well, currency is actually normalized, if you think about this year versus last year. So I don't see currency as a major driver. You see some of it in the other income line item. So for example, you see a good variation between this quarter versus last year, but as it relates to our gross margins, currency will not have a dramatic impact this year.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: On translation?
Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: On translation.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great. And your comments earlier on the tire market picking up, you've got more exposure to commercial vehicles there. Could you just give a little more color, are you seeing this only in commercial tires or is it across the passenger tire space as well?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, it's across the market. We're seeing good recovery and obviously OEM growth rates are good on the auto side. The replacement business has been solid. The TBR business, the truck business is where we really felt some significant destocking out of China last year, which seems to be getting behind us now. So we've seen particularly stronger improvement in demand in the first quarter in Asia for TBR, consistent with what I think you're seeing from some of the tire companies. So overall, I'd say it feels really good. I wouldn't say it's going to be strong all year, I think some of this is a restocking event. But we certainly expect solid growth out of the tire industry this year.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Daniel Rizzo - Jefferies LLC: Good morning, this is Dan Rizzo on for Laurence. You indicated that innovating new products and that's a large part of the growth strategy. Just in terms of, I think how many products are we talking about aside from Tritan and acoustic interlayer, just in terms of the scale, what's the number?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, that raises an interesting question about product numbers. There's a lot of people who talk about product introductions and you have to be very careful on how you compare it relative to our peers, because you can count it in very different ways. I think about technology platforms, that lead to many customer wins and many applications, as opposed to talking about every individual customer application I win. And so we've got great platforms across Advanced Materials. We've got Tritan as you've said, we've got a wide range of both cellulosic and some other technology products in the displays industry. As I mentioned, a whole portfolio of acoustic and heads-up display products, and a next generation of performance films products. So, basically, we are (55:27) introducing new products in Advanced Materials. Additives & Functional Products same thing, tremendous success that we're now starting to see in our new polyester coating platform, which is taking the Tritan chemistry on into polyester coatings. That's a huge market, when you look at the downstream market from auto to industrial to packaging. So tremendous amount of opportunities and wins we'd expect there. A nice set of portfolios for next-gen on coalescent products, the tire resins, next-gen acoustic  next-gen Crystex products rolling out. So, everywhere you go, we're a leader in a specialty product, we have multi-generation product plans delivering sustainable growth and sustainable margins into the future. But we're not going to start throwing out individual product wins, because I find those numbers not to make a lot of sense, but I've seen in some other places.
Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: If I could add Mark, I appreciate the people's patient, let me go off script earlier, because what I like about it is, there are multiple innovation programs and we mentioned in our last call in January provided that slide where it would provide 1% to 2% of revenue growth above normal revenue growth from GDP, because of just the different programs we have, the progress we're making. And as we see the discipline we go through stage gain, I'm convinced that we're going to see above company average margins come off those  that 1% to 2% revenue growth.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I can tell you, we have 1,500 wins, but what does that mean? What it means is tangible results in earnings coming from programs that you can see as we move forward.
Daniel Rizzo - Jefferies LLC: All right. Actually that was helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we'll take our next question...
Unknown Speaker: Taylor, let's make the next question our last one, please.
Operator: Okay. We'll take our final question from Mike Sison with KeyBanc.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, guys. Nice start to the year.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Mark, I wanted to gauge your sentiment into  from your guidance from the last quarter into this quarter, the specialty chemical side, does your specialty business seem to be coming a little bit better? So, I mean did you  are you effectively saying that your specialty businesses are doing better in terms of your  prior to your guidance for this year and then your tougher businesses like Fibers and Chemical Intermediates doing worse?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Mike, I think that's directionally correct. So, certainly Advanced Materials doing better than we expected, delivering great growth the way you want to do it through volume and mix. I would say as the Functional Products is coming in as expected. So, no surprises there sort of solid volume growth, price is coming off a bit from last year as we knew that would occur. Fibers coming in as we expected maybe slightly lower than where I thought in January but not materially. And then  yeah, the challenges sits in Chemical Intermediates with all the dynamics we've discussed.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then a quick follow-up, Advanced Materials operating income comes up a little over 40% on 9% volume. Is that the right  or is that the kind of the ballpark we should think about when we leverage volume through that business for the rest of the year?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I wouldn't sort of take the first quarter year-over-year improvement and apply it to the rest of the year. That would be impressive, but a bit too much. Basically, it's sort of the opposite of last year. So last year we had a lot of destocking going on in the first quarter as people were trying to hold out for better prices, so volume wasn't that strong. And then we had both the cost finally start flowing through the reduced oil benefits last year into the second quarter as well as this very strong volume second quarter. We look at this second quarter, it's still going to be a strong sequential improvement versus first quarter, but not quite as strong on a year-over-year basis for the reasons I just said. And so overall, I think you should expect a very good year for Advanced Materials delivering a lot of strong earnings growth, probably not quite as strong as last year on a 2014 and 2015 basis, but still a very, very good year.
Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Mike, what I would add is, if you look at their operating margins last year, 17%, they have 18% in the first quarter. That's the kind of margins we knew this business could achieve, given its strategy around volume mix and fixed cost leverage, and quite honestly it deserves, given the level of investments we've made. So it's in the right place its operating margin should be.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Thank you, Mike. And thanks again everyone for joining us this morning. A web replay and a replay in downloadable MP3 format will be available on our website later this morning. I hope you have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Riddle - Investor Relations Mark Costa - Chairman and CEO Curt Espeland - Executive Vice President and CFO
Analysts: David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Frank Mitsch - Wells Fargo Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital P.J. Juvekar - Citi Jim Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan Ryan Berney - Goldman Sachs Laurence Alexander - Jefferies Mike Sison - KeyBanc Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura John Roberts - UBS
Operator: Good day, everybody and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company Fourth Quarter Full Year 2015 Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastmans website, www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Greg Riddle: Thank you, Taylor. And good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Chairman and CEO; Curt Espeland, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Louis Reavis, Manager, Investor Relations. Before we begin, Ill cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the Companys fourth quarter and full year 2015 financial results news release, and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for third quarter 2015 and the Form 10-K to be filed for 2015. Second, earnings per share, operating earnings and EBITDA referenced in this presentation exclude certain non-core costs, charges and gains. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded items, are available in the fourth quarter and full year 2015 financial results news release and the appendix to the slides that accompany our remarks this morning, both of these can be found on our website, www.eastman.com in the investors section. Projections of future earnings in the presentation also exclude such items as described in the news release. With that, Ill turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Costa: Good morning, everyone; Ill start on Slide 3. 2015 was another outstanding year for Eastman as we continued to make excellent progress on our strategy to transform towards a specialty portfolio. We delivered our sixth consecutive year of solid EPS growth despite a very challenging global business environment, and generated record free cash flow of $960 million, reflecting strong earnings as well as the benefit of recent acquisition, which generate outstanding free cash flow. A strong contributor to earnings growth in our specialty businesses in 2015 was the progress we made on organic growth initiatives. Ill highlight just a couple of examples. In the Advanced Materials segment, our window interlayers, particularly our acoustic and heads-up display products delivered solid double-digit volume growth for the year. Also in AM, we delivered very strong growth from our new optical film solutions for mobile devices. And in Additives & Functional Products, tackifying resins into tires was a strong contributor to overall growth in 2015. These are just a few examples of how innovation and market development is supporting growth in an overall difficult environment. We also did a great job in 2015 of successfully integrating our recently acquired businesses. Each of these acquisitions were completed and aligned well with our strategy of delivering consistent superior value, and combined delivered over $0.50 a share in accretion for the year, as expected. In our cost management, we did an outstanding job in 2015, reflecting very strong productivity gains. Overall, we were able to more than offset inflation by about $25 million. We also made substantial progress on reducing our net debt. Finally, during the year, we remained committed to returning cash to our stockholders. We increased our dividend by 15%, the sixth straight year of increases and over that time, we have more than doubled the dividend. And we repurchased more than $100 million of stock. This strong performance on so many fronts is a great testament to the strength of Eastmans portfolio and the integration and scale that has been built over decades. More importantly, I am very fortunate to work with such a strong team of employees who consistently overcome challenges and find ways to deliver results for our stakeholders. Now, I hand the call over to Curt to cover the financial details for 2015, and then Ill come back to talk about 2016.
Curt Espeland: Thanks, Mark; good morning, everyone. Since we have a lot to cover today, Ill be brief with my comments. Ill start with our fourth quarter corporate results on Slide 4. We delivered solid earnings despite the many increasing challenges we faced during the quarter. The decline in revenue largely reflected lower selling prices due to lower raw material and energy costs. Operating earnings were down somewhat. Positives included strong volume growth in Advanced Materials and strong operating margins in Adhesives & Plasticizers. Headwinds were low oil prices and the associated propane hedges, which largely impacted Specialty Fluids & Intermediates and lower volumes in Fibers. Earnings per share was solid and included a lower tax rate year-over-year, which reflected the full-year impact of the tax extenders enacted in December. Next on Slide 5 looking at the full year, we delivered outstanding results reflecting the strength and robustness of our strategy to transform to a specialty portfolio. Sales revenue increased slightly as sales from recently acquired businesses more than offset lower selling prices which largely reflected lower raw material costs. Operating earnings increased in three of our segments with particularly strong earnings growth in Advanced Materials. Our operating margin for the year was 18%, an increase of nearly 100 basis points compared to 2014. Overall, were very pleased with our results in a challenging business climate. Moving next to the segment results beginning on Slide 6, Advanced Materials had an exceptional year, as they continued to deliver on the elements of their strategy. Sales revenue increased due to higher sales volume and sales of products of the acquired performance films business. Offsets were currency and lower selling prices which reflected lower raw material costs, particularly paraxylene for copolyesters. Operating earnings increased more than $100 million or about 40% due to a number of factors: Volume growth and mixed improvement; volume from the acquisition; operational improvements; and improved spread. The improved product mix was driven by increased sales of optical film solutions and premium interlayers. The operating margin increased to roughly 17% from just over 12% in 2014. These results reflect execution of a strategy over a number of years to improve the operating margin in this business and to achieve an appropriate return given the investments made. We expect to build on this success going forward. Moving next to Additives & Functional Products on Slide 7, which had a solid year; the revenue increase was due to the impact of the Taminco acquisition. This was partially offset by lower coatings and other formulated products, selling prices which reflected lower raw material and energy costs as well as the impact of currency. Operating earnings were up year-over-year, reflecting both improved spread and the impact of the Taminco acquisition. The business did a great job managing value in the face of a slower growth environment, increased competitive rivalry and narrowing olefin spreads. Moving next to Adhesives & Plasticizers on Slide 8, for 2015 sales revenue declined primarily due to lower prices reflecting lower raw material costs and currency. Volume was about flat as growth in non-phthalate plasticizers, particularly in North America was offset by lower adhesives resins volume due to the lack of availability of raw materials early in the year as well some operational constraints. Operating earnings increased as improved spread was partially offset by propane hedges and currency. The operating margin increased to just under 20% as we did a good job of holding onto value through the year. Now to Fibers on Slide 9, revenue declined mainly due to lower acetate tow and acetyl chemical sales volume. The decline in tow volume was mainly attributed to customer destocking, especially in China. And the decline in acetyl chemicals volume was due to increased sales to the cellulose acetate flake joint venture in Kingsport. Operating earnings were down year-over-year due to lower tow and acetyl chemicals volume. Despite the challenge for lower volume, the operating margin for the segment was 32%. Ill finish the segment review with Specialty Fluids & Intermediates on Slide 10. Sales revenue decreased as lower selling prices, and lower chemical and other intermediate sales volumes more than offset the impact of acquisitions. For operating earnings, we had a number of significant headwinds impacting results. The significant decline in oil prices reduced the North America shale gas advantage. And as the market became long in ethylene and propylene, the drop in olefin prices outpaced the decline in oil, further impacting margins. Also slower than expected economic growth in Asia led to an increased level of competitive import threats to the U.S. and Europe. And the impact of propane hedges was significant for this segment. These headwinds more than offset earnings from acquired businesses and commercial and productivity actions we took through the year. While operating earnings declined for the year, we did a good job managing through a challenging environment. On Slide 11, Ill transition to the overview of cash flow and other financial highlights for 2015. We did an excellent job of generating cash in 2015 with operating cash flow over $1.6 billion. This is a new record for cash from operations as is our free cash flow of $960 million for the year. Capital expenditures totaled $652 million, below our previous expectations as we managed the pace of spend with the current economic environment while maintaining our growth investments. We expect to be at a similar level in 2016. Looking at the balance sheet, net debt stands at $6.7 billion as of year-end, reflecting almost $600 million in debt reduction for the year. Our cash flow, strong balance sheet, and liquidity keep Eastman in a position of strength in an uncertain economy. Our full-year dividend was $238 million, and this included a 15% increase in the fourth quarter. In addition, we had $103 million in share repurchases through the year including $55 million in the fourth quarter. The combination of regular increases in our dividend and share repurchases reflected a continued confidence in future earnings and cash flows. And finally, our effective tax rate for the year was approximately 25%, which again includes the enactment of tax extenders during the fourth quarter as well as favorable geographic mix of earnings. We expect the effect of tax rate for 2016 will be at a similar level, if not better, as we continue to pursue opportunities to reduce this rate further. Overall, a strong year of results given the challenging conditions. And with that, Ill turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Costa: On Slide 13, Id like to transition to 2016 and share our key objectives for this year. We are obviously in a challenging macro environment and are using every lever to create value for our shareholders. In the next few slides Ill discuss some of these levers. First, our priority will be continued volume growth and mix upgrade in our specialties. We are aggressively increasing our cost reduction activities and we are also taking our next steps in portfolio management and organizational design. And we will return our strong free cash flow to shareholders. On Slide 14 I wanted to provide you a quick view on our historical volume growth as the basis for our forward look. Over the last five years, we delivered 10% compounded volume growth. Lets start with the foundation before our acquisitions. The yellow line reflects volume growth from our heritage specialty businesses which you roughly see a 3% compounded growth. And then we levered our strong free cash flow and very strong balance sheet to expand our connection to attractive end markets with high-quality specialty products for several attractive specialty acquisitions. This organic growth, both in heritage Eastman and within our acquisitions is a tribute to our management team on two fronts: One, we are driving high growth and innovation platforms that is well above end market growth rates; and second, we are doing excellent job of balancing price volume trade-offs in our core businesses. Its a great story of organic growth and disciplined capital deployment. Were also not waiting around for market growth. We are focused on creating our own growth. On Slide 15 you can see a depiction of how we execute our innovation and market development efforts. On the vertical axis are our key world-class technology platforms. And this is a combination of platforms that Eastman has had for decades, cellulose esters; polyesters; oxos; and hydrocarbon resins, and some that we recently acquired, PVDs and alkylamines. Across the horizontal axis are four key end markets where we are concentrating our growth efforts. What you see is that we have a fairly concentrated set of initiatives that take advantage of our expertise in these platforms to help us further penetrate these attractive markets. Some we have already mentioned this morning, such as tire resins, acoustic and heads-up inter-displays -- interlayers, and new mobile device displays. Others, we have discussed in the past including Tritan, our next generation copolyesters coatings and microfibers. We are making great progress with the innovation and market development portfolio, and I am committed to accelerating investment in and emphasis on these efforts because I believe it is the key to Eastmans long-term success. We expect over the next three years that innovation and market development initiatives will add between 1% to 2% to overall Eastman revenue growth on a compounded basis and that operating earnings for these revenues will be well above corporate average. Moving next to Slide 16, we also recognize that we are in a tough economic environment that will require aggressive cost management. Over the last couple of years, we have been able to offset inflation with productivity and cost reduction initiatives. And in 2015, we were able to do a little bit more with over $25 million falling to the bottom line. This year, we know that in this very challenging environment, we need to do much more. We expect to double our productivity and cost reduction efforts, so that theyre in the range of $200 million. After offsetting inflation, we project these combined efforts contribute about $0.50 per share to EPS this year. And I want to emphasize that as we achieve these cost reductions, we will continue to invest in our innovation and market development initiatives. We have a great track record of cost management, and Im highly confident we will manage and achieve these cost reduction targets for 2016. That brings me to our outlook on Slide 17, and it starts with growth drivers that have been constant for us over the last six years. We have a strong portfolio of specialty businesses that are well-positioned for growth. They have delivered over the last six years and we expect that to continue into 16 and beyond. In addition, we expect that our innovative specialty products will continue to grow strongly, improving product mix and accelerating overall earnings growth. As I mentioned on the previous slide, we are taking aggressive cost actions to add $0.50 a share. In addition, we will achieve further cost synergies from the acquisitions, as we have guided in the past. We are also looking at every other lever. We see further improvements in tax, as Curt mentioned, and pension costs. We also will repurchase shares with our industry-leading free cash flow after de-levering in the back half of the year. All that said, we face some increasing near-term challenges. The further collapse in the price of oil recently has increased price pressures especially in our olefin and acetyl products. Stagnant global economic growth combined with weakening Asian, European currencies are increasing some competitive activity in some products. And we further expect to see inventory destocking in Fibers in China. In this challenging environment, we will drive hard to deliver EPS in 2016 that approaches our 2015 EPS. And we expect our EBITDA margins to be similar to 2015. Finally, we expect to deliver another strong year of free cash flow above $900 million. Next on Slide 18 is announcement that we are improving our business structure which results in changes to the segments in which we report our financial results. Principally, we are making changes that better align our business model to drive long-term growth and support our continued transformation to specialty portfolio. In part, this is enabled by the completion of the Taminco integration. This new structure should result in acceleration of growth opportunities and attractive markets. This also enables us to reduce costs in a more streamlined structure. And finally, this improved reporting structure will result in less complexity and enhanced visibility for those tracking our performance. On Slide 19 you can see this new structure. The biggest changes is that we have moved from five segments to four with the Adhesives business moving to Additives & Functional Products and the Plasticizer business moving to the new Chemical Intermediate segment. Adhesives and AFP will enable us to better manage our businesses in combination with our great success of our tackifying resins going into tires. We also see more opportunities in application development adhesives and we can leverage our world-class market development application development capability in AFP. Plasticizers and distribution solvents from AFP will be better managed in Chemical Intermediates where we have commercial excellence in managing pricing and asset utilization in a highly competitive environment. In addition, there are various product line moves to enhance market connect. This reporting structure is effective here in the first quarter. And we plan to provide historical segment results on the new segment basis prior to releasing first-quarter earnings. With these moves, the more specialty businesses are now in Additives & Functional Products and Advanced Materials, and the significant majority of our oil exposure and olefins will now be in Chemical Intermediates. Our 2016 earnings expectations for these segments are as follows: We expect another year of strong growth in Advanced Materials driven by volume and mix upgrades; Adhesive & Functional Products is expected to remain stable despite a tough market with volume growth offsetting price pressures, including Adhesives being modestly lower. For Fibers, were expecting declining prices due to lower pulp prices and weakening currencies, which will be offset by cost actions we have taken. Therefore, the key variable is volume. We expect continued destocking in China, but we dont know yet how far itll go and we expect no more in the coming months. For Chemical Intermediates, we expect earnings to be lower given the collapse in the oil and the pressure on spreads in that business, with the same trends impacting plasticizers. And once again, we believe this new business structure supports our strategy to transform towards a specialty portfolio. As you know, we have been on a long and committed journey to divest commodity businesses and additional specialties. On Slide 20, Ill provide an update on our portfolio management efforts. Having successfully integrated our attractive acquisitions in 2015, we are shifting our focus in 2016 towards portfolio optimization, consistent with our long-term strategy. Over the last few years, weve been looking to divest our excess ethylene position that continues to be a source of earnings volatility. These efforts have been constrained due to the pipeline dispute with Westlake which we have discussed previously. With favorable rulings from the Texas Railroad Commission and the Appeals Court, we believe we can now move forward with our efforts to divest the excess ethylene. We are also pursuing strategic options for both excess ethylene and commodity olefin intermediates that are not essential to our specialty strategy, and can be operationally segregated at the site. Of course, the specific scope may vary depending on buyer interest and valuation. I also want to be clear that our integrated Texas site produces advantaged ethylene and propylene, much of which we translate into our specialty derivatives and as such, will remain a critical integrated stream within our portfolio. We have hired an investment bank to restart the process to monetize our excess ethylene position and the other commodity olefin related product lines that are not essential to our long-term strategy. This effort will be one of our top priorities in 2016 and well provide more details later in the year as it progresses. On Slide 21 here are our expectations for cash generation. As you can see on the bar chart, we have a history of generating strong free cash flow, particularly over the last five years. This reflects the strength of our solid core businesses as well as the transformation of our portfolio. Looking at 2016, we expect free cash flow to be greater than $900 million. With this free cash flow, we expect to continue deleveraging, having reduced the debt by over $600 million in 2015, and we expect to complete our de-levering in 2016 to get to approximately $1 billion of debt reduction. As a result, weve also committed to our investors in past calls that we expect to fully utilize our free cash flow to pay an increasing dividend, continue de-levering and repurchase shares. So in summary, on Slide 22, we have a strong portfolio of specialty businesses that we are confident in and we know that are going to drive volume growth this year and continue to drive volume growth into the future. This organic set of initiatives, our innovation, our product mix improvement are essential to our strategy and they were essential in how we grew value last year, this year, and into the future. We are committed to using every lever we have in this challenging environment including increasing our cost reduction efforts. And we will return our strong free cash flow to stockholders. So, despite our short-term challenges this year, Im confident well continue to deliver solid earnings growth in the long-term. And Im looking forward to the questions on this call. Thank you.
Greg Riddle: Okay. Thanks, Mark. Weve got a lot of people on the line this morning. So, I ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. With that, Taylor, were ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And well take our first question from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Mark, on SFI, it was a challenging Q4; how should we think about the earnings progression into Q1 and for the full year?
Curt Espeland: This is Curt, David. Ill take that. Its fair to say first half will be our toughest comp year-over-year especially the first quarter given the strong performance Specialty Fluids & Intermediates had last year. Also if you think about earnings trajectory in general, our cost reduction efforts will help in first quarter but will be mostly in the subsequent quarters, plus the deleverage in some other share repurchases in the second half of 2016 will help kind of the overall shaping of next year. And specifically of SFI, when I look at their run rate last year versus this year, I would say right now the way things are shaping up what you saw in third quarter is more representative of what you might expect for the year.
David Begleiter: And just Curt and Mark, just on Slide 16 on the cost actions, can you give any more concrete examples besides Workington reduction, where else will cost actions come from, plants being closed, people being let go, anything more concrete you can add?
Mark Costa: Sure. So, we saw things developing and knew that we needed to take action on cost like most people in this industry. And so, weve done a restructuring program where were going to reduce non-operating labor about 7%, David. In addition, theres a bunch of other non-labor spend items in SG&A and R&D that we have that we are going to be able to reduce some spend on, and then there is a wide range of manufacturing cost improvement throughout our plants that we are pursuing. In addition of course, there are things like the plant closure in Workington. But that would be additive to the $0.50 a share. That Workington closure was not included in that $100 million. So thats an additional plus. Id also emphasize that youve got quite a bit of cost synergies continuing to flow in from the acquisitions on top of that $0.50 a share. So, in collection it adds up to a pretty significant number.
Operator: And well take our next question from Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo.
Frank Mitsch: When Curt was talking about the various segments, he did talk a fair amount about the interplay of pricing dropping due to the raw materials coming down, and that always is kind of a signal of more commodity type behavior rather than specialty type behavior. So, Mark, as you think about your portfolio, and you went through this exercise to re-segmenting to four, what percent do you see being commodity versus specialty in your mind? And I know you mentioned that youre going to restart the ethylene sale process. Are there other parts of the portfolio that you see as perhaps not fitting longer term into EMN?
Mark Costa: Sure, Frank. First on the specialty part, with the re-segmentation, you should think about the parts of the products that we have that are commodity oriented have been concentrated in Chemical Intermediates. So, the other segments really dont have anything we consider to be commodities. The reality is that even in specialty businesses when you have oil prices drop from $100 to $30, and you are oil-based, your customer sort of notice and expect that some of that raw material benefit is going to be shared with them. So throughout last year, we realized obviously significant raw material benefits in our specialties and our commodities. And the pace at which the price is shared with them is very different. So, in the commodities it happens relatively quickly. In the specialties, you still give back value to your customers. If you dont do that and if you hold onto price very aggressively which you can certainly do in a specialty, you set yourself up for a volume cliff in the future because even if youre a proprietary product and we have a number of ones where were the only manufacturer in the world, if you dont share some of that value at an appropriate level, you put your customers on a jihad [ph] to find new suppliers, whether its an alternative material or a smaller competitor you might have where youre a very strong leader in a specialty business. So, we do that. We have probably the most sophisticated commercial excellence and pricing systems I think in the industry where we make these price volume trade-offs all year long to make sure that were sharing value but were also maintaining to be able to grow volume in the long-term. So, over the year that plays out and prices come down to some degree and you take that into this year, and thats a bit of a headwind versus how you started last year. But no, I dont think our specialties are commoditizing at all. And what I love about most of our technology platforms is we have next generation products building off of the same assets whether its next generation of acoustics in heads-up display, the Tritan product replacing some copolyesters and a series of opportunities going on to improve Crystex with our next generation Crystex technology etc. So, we never sit around waiting for people to try and replicate as we are always moving the ball down the field and advancing what we offer to our customers. So no, overall I would say the portfolio feels great on that front. What I did say though in my prepared remarks is, we are expanding the scope of what were considering selling beyond excess ethylene. So, we are looking at what other olefins that have commodity behavior in Chemical Intermediates, a lot of volatility, a lot of distraction for investors that is not essential to our long-term strategy, so they are not critical intermediates for our specialties. And so, were going to look at how much of that we can package with excess ethylene and find a buyer who values that olefin portfolio and their strategy.
Frank Mitsch: And following up on this theme, I really appreciate the Slide 14 with the volume growth of 3% in your AAA businesses. And then on top of that I believe youre expecting 1% to 2% innovation market development as well. So that would almost imply kind of a 4 plus percent improvement in that area. My sense is that given the economic backdrop in 2016 that would not be the case. How are you thinking about the potential volumes in the AAA side in 2016?
Curt Espeland: So Frank, I think when we look at what is now the AA I guess, were moving up in the ranks, those two segments we still expect solid volume growth. Obviously, the economy is going to do what it does and well track with it, especially in the end markets we serve from transportation to B&C and consumables being our three large end markets. And I think those all have attractive growth trends this year from what we can see. So, I think well grow with those markets. So, I think well have volume growth that will be like history. And within that I think well get some mix uplift that will be these high growth specialty products that arent necessarily huge volumes but they are very attractive to earnings and they provide a nice lever to earnings. But we dont see a volume problem in this year. We think it continues to be solid. We think AM and AFP will have good volume growth. We think AFPs volume growth will be better this year than last year when we look at as last year wasnt as much as we wanted of course. So, we do see some places in specific areas where were improving our market share position where well get better volume growth there too.
Operator: And well take our next question from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Just trying to get a sense on the earnings bridge. You did 7.28 in 2015 bringing $0.50 of cost savings. In your segment breakdown, you basically told us that AM is going to be up; AFP is going to be stable; Fibers, there is a question mark around volume; and then youve got the oil spread issues. So, can you just help us, what do you think the FX headwind is in 2016? And then when you say, youre going to approach last year, does that mean youre going to be north of 7 or do you think youre actually going to get close to 7.28? And I guess what Im really asking you is how much risk do you think there is on spread side of things and is that really the true wildcard for results next year or this year?
Mark Costa: So Vincent, thanks for the question. And its obviously a very important one. As we look at it, we do see a lot of tailwinds, as you noted. Good volume growth, mix upgrade, the cost reduction actions, the acquisition synergies, improvements in tax, pension costs as well as share count. So, there are a number of very attractive tailwinds for us. And there are really two principal issues, as youve identified that are the headwinds. So, how much spread compression do we take this year versus last year in this volume on Fibers? When it comes to the spread issue, I think that theres predominately that spread from compression is going to be in Chemical Intermediates but you also feel a little bit of an AFP, which still will have some olefins in that segment and we expect prices to come off a bit in Adhesives where things have been relatively tight last year. And so, well have a little bit of price give back but better volume growth this year, netting each other but somewhat down. But the majority of the issue is really a spread issue. And then of course, weve put in an expectation of some additional destocking in Fibers. Theres a lot of moving parts when it comes to oil, the economy, the uncertainty in destocking, and I can combine those into a variety of different scenarios. The way I would suggest you all think about it is were somewhere between stable to 2015 EPS and down 5% when I combine all those different factors together. And those I think give us that sort of a range. Specific to FX, Ill let Curt answer that question.
Curt Espeland: Yes, Vince, just the way I think about currency itself, right now the currencies weve seen, predominately our exposure is euro is slightly down compared to what we saw on average for 2015. Maybe the best way to look at is if you think about just the net impact of hedges, whether that was the cost of the propane hedges or the benefit of the currency hedges, net-net that was probably a $0.60 headwind for us for the year. For 16, we think the net impact of these changes in hedges net-net is going to be about flat. This is a little lower than we were thinking before, primarily due to the class of oil and the underlying impact on our propane hedges, but then that $0.60 impact really rolls off in 17 and 18.
Mark Costa: And just building on that comment, I think its important for investors to understand that a lot of what were seeing right now we view as very much short-term pressure, not long-term pressure. We dont think there is anything undermining our long-term growth strategy of delivering attractive earnings growth in 17 and beyond. To Curts point, if oil and currency stay where they are at, well just get a natural $0.60 lift in 17 and 18 -- $0.60 a share lift, as those roll off. If oil prices go up, our earnings will improve just as theyve pressured it down. So either way, you look at, youve got earnings growth coming in 17 and 18, depending on your view about oil prices because I think its likely theyll be better than where they are today. In addition to that, youve got continued volume growth next year. Youve got this transition of spread expansion into 2015, normalizing a bit of those spreads in 2016. That is a two-year event when youre adjusting from $100 to $30 oil, but you dont have that in 2016 anymore; that will be behind us. And then on top of that, weve got continued ways to improve costs and very importantly, we have a very strong free cash flow. And well be repurchasing shares starting in the back half of this year and strongly in 17. So while were certainly disappointed about some of these challenges were enduring right now, we are focused on driving long-term growth and taking actions that make sense to maintain that volume growth long-term and deliver strong earnings growth beyond this year in 17, 18 and beyond.
Operator: And well take our next question from Duffy Fischer with Barclays Capital.
Duffy Fischer: Question on just the bridge between earnings and free cash flow. So, other than the share count changing, which should advantage earnings, if Im looking at a linear relationship, is there anything else that should affect the difference between free cash flow and earnings in that bridge?
Curt Espeland: I think if you look at that bridge, the only thing that probably is going to be a little different, two aspects: One is were not anticipating the release of working capital as great as we experienced in 2015 as we go into 2016, just because of just the way the raws have fallen on a relative basis; plus, theres always some difference in years between when you make your tax payments et cetera. But Im very confident in our ability to generate meaningful cash flow in 2016. And I think its just a matter of how much higher over $900 million its going to be.
Duffy Fischer: And then in Q4 AF&P also saw price down about 10%, which was probably the price movement that surprised me the most. Is that still just the olefins affecting that segment or were there some other spreads in there that got compressed as well?
Mark Costa: It was principally just the olefins. Weve been doing a great job of holding onto value all year long, but we came to the point where at some places we needed to reduce prices to remain competitive. Its a tough comp versus where prices were at $100 oil in the fourth quarter of 14. So, it was just that.
Operator: And well take our next question from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar: It just seems like you were hurt more by the ethylene change than the propylene change, given your spot ethylene exposure. Would you agree with that? On the propylene side, how much give backs did you have to do in the coatings area?
Mark Costa: So, on the propylene side, propylene prices also came off through the year, and when you look at cracking spreads, they obviously came in on the propylene side, if you look at the first half versus the second half of the year and our prices tracked with it. And were taking in that lower propylene price into this year. So, certainly there is a first half headwind this year versus last year, when it comes to propylene. The ethylene is sort of the opposite story. Ethylene prices were relatively good in the first half of last year and then obviously came off pretty significantly in the back half of last year. So, its sort of the flip story there on sort of where it goes. But we expect ethylene prices to improve into the second quarter this year. As this very large cracking maintenance schedule takes place this year that should sort of move ethylene prices back up a bit. Were not expecting it to go back to last year but we certainly expect improvements versus right now, so moving parts there. On the coating side, our customers there have done a pretty good job -- on the coating side, we certainly saw our customers do a very good job of working with us and getting their prices down on the propane related derivatives and getting a benefit from that.
P.J. Juvekar: A quick question on tow. You took a step down in 4Q in terms of year-over-year comparison. Can you discuss some of the declines? You said declines in China. Can you discuss tow declines in China and outside of China?
Mark Costa: Sure. So, with the tow business -- first Ill take outside of China, which is the more straightforward story. What weve seen there is that destocking come to an end and we expect volumes to be relatively stable into this year. Outside of China, we have seen prices come off some with the reduction in pulp prices and our competitors in Europe and Asia Pacific using their weakening currency as a way to attempt to chase volume. We of course defended our market position but the prices did come down a bit. With all the cost actions were taking in that business, weve been able to offset that pricing decline that were seeing outside of China. So, really, it is about a pure question around what does volume do in China at this point. And what Id say is in the -- from what we can see, the Chinese National Tobacco Company made progress in their destocking in 2015 but did not achieve their objectives in going as far as they wanted to. They have to walk a tight balance in delivering their tax revenue increase for the year, which they did do, which limits how far they can go in reducing production and achieving their inventory management goals. And so, they are going to do another round of that this year in trying to work that inventory down. Its important to keep in mind as well that when you see this sort of volume issue in 15 and 16, a good portion of it is also the CNTC backward integrating with tow suppliers. So, we did our JV in the end of 2014 with CNTC and that is what led to a certain amount of volume decline in 15. And Daicel did a JV which is going to be part of why volume goes down this year. So, you shouldnt misinterpret that as a decline in primary demand. We dont see any issues with primary demand and cigarette [ph] consumption going to a decline. This is all about inventory management and some backward integration. The good news on the backward integration front is that we dont expect any other tow backward integration by CNTC until the 2019, 2020 timeframe. So that wont be an issue. Again as we go into 17 and 18, another upside for us or 17 and 18 versus what were seeing this year. So overall, Id say we expect some decline and were just going to have to wait to see how it goes with the final conversations and contract negotiation.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Jim Sheehan with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Jim Sheehan: Mark, could you give us outlook in 2016 on the Crystex business?
Mark Costa: Sure. Crystex has been a great business for us. Obviously, its a challenging market condition with primary demand not being robust, but we saw volume growth last year. And in particular, we saw that volume growth really pick up in the second half of last year relative to the first half. And we expect that volume growth will continue into this year. So from a demand point of view, everything seems to be on track. On the pricing side, its a competitive business. We have a bunch of little small competitors in Asia we have been dealing with since 2012 and were seeing some price pressure there. Id say in one place, our Japanese competitor is using their weakening yen to sort of chase volume where were once again defending our market position, so they are just giving up potential earnings growth but -- and improving margins. But I think its all playing out sort of as we planned. We feel very good about our new technology; were bringing on our new process technology and our retrofit in Germany this quarter; and were on track to develop the new plant and build the new plants and have it on line at the end of -- in the beginning of 2017. And that will significantly improve our cost structure for competing in this business. So, feel good about the business.
Jim Sheehan: And then you made some comments on ethylene divestitures and how the pipeline dispute was holding that process up. It looks like you feel more confident that this process is moving forward in 2016. Could you just evaluate the pipeline dispute and where it stands and how quickly you think you could wrap that up?
Curt Espeland: Eastman has -- and Mark mentioned, Eastman has won every case to-date on this dispute, whether its those Texas Railroad Commission rulings or their favorable opinion on their Appeals Court. So, it really speaks to the strength of our position. So, we recognize there may be a few more steps to completely resolve this dispute, but were confident that we can move forward with these efforts to divest the excess ethylene at this time. And the timing of resolving these disputes is very similar to the timeline we think its going to take to complete a divestiture.
Operator: And well take our next question from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: In the fourth quarter, your EBIT in Specialty Fluids was $20 million, and I dont know how much of your -- how much of the hedge penalty you had or how many hedges you unwound. But in general, oil prices have come down a lot. So, is that $20 million your run rate on a quarterly basis for 2016 in the current environment or in some way is that an unrepresentative number, and could you explain why its unrepresentative, if it is?
Curt Espeland: Jeff, I mentioned that earlier in a previous question, do not think the fourth quarter is representative of this business segment. When I think about the moving parts that youve highlighted, we think it will be down, as Mark mentioned in 2016. But its probably more comparable, if I look at the best quarter of last year, its more comparable to kind of a third quarter normal rate as were going into 2016.
Jeff Zekauskas: And so why was it so much lower than the third quarter? Is that because there was an above average amount of hedges that were unwound there?
Curt Espeland: Jeff, and Ill end it with this. There is a plenty of items that always affect the fourth quarter; sometimes its your schedule of shutdowns; sometimes its going to be the impact of the seasonality; and sometimes it is going to just be competitive behavior in that particular quarter. So those are some of the moving parts. As we best see it, we know its going to come down, but fourth quarter is not representative of what were expecting this share at this point.
Mark Costa: We also saw some destocking in volume
Jeff Zekauskas: Some destocking?
Mark Costa: There was just a variety of individual elements that added up to that number, making it a bit more sort of extreme than what is representative.
Jeff Zekauskas: And then lastly, you have very good cash flow and free cash flow generation for next year. You talked about a $200 million productivity gain. Are there non-recurring charges that you need to enact in order to capture that $200 million? And if you do have to take them, how large are they?
Curt Espeland: As youd expect, Mark mentioned some of the labor reductions of that restructuring. You do anticipate a restructuring charge in 2016 that will have a cash impact. Well highlight that into our adjustments and that number is roughly about $50 million.
Jeff Zekauskas: $50 million. And then of the businesses that you want to sell, like if you totaled them all up, whats the revenue and EBITDA order of magnitude?
Curt Espeland: Jeff, as we said, were still working through the scoping of what our divestiture process, our strategic options will be. Thats going to highly depend on just a variety of factors including what the buyer slate may be interested in. Were just going to work on that out over the next several months.
Mark Costa: Yes. On that point, I just want to be clear with folks because Im sure this question will come up a lot. The reality is we want to maintain some flexibility because in the olefins world, each potential buyer actually has a slightly different interest in what they might want in our portfolio. And so to maximize shareholder value in what we sell, were going to keep that flexibility in there and be able to sort of address what the interest might be.
Operator: And well take our question from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Berney: Good morning. This is Ryan Berney on for Bob. I just wanted to ask within your EPS guidance that youve given, which sounds like itll be a little bit below where you were in 2015. You gave this really nice breakout where you break out price and volume for us, both kind of by the segments but also for the company as a whole. So, if you were to take a step back and think about what youre imputing in your guidance for 2016, what kind of overall Eastman Corp. volume price assumption are you assuming?
Curt Espeland: Well, to be honest with you, I would just have you go through segment by segment and do that analysis. I think what youre going to see is the volume growth in the Advanced Materials as well as AFP. Youll probably see solid volumes in SFI. Thats going to be more of a margin pressure. And Fibers volume is going to be impacted by the final imports into China. Pricing, were going to see where oil goes.
Ryan Berney: And then maybe you can help me understand the ethylene issue a little bit better. My understanding is that you are running about 70% propane feed through your crackers and you still also have one of your crackers thats shut down. So, when you think about divestitures, would you be -- I mean can you help me understand, would you be moving away the asset you closed down or would you potentially be putting any capital to work to move towards a heavier even propane feed in order to kind of get the propylene you need? I guess Im just kind of figure out how you get rid of that ethylene without also losing some of the propylene that you need.
Curt Espeland: The good news, there are solutions they are. And so, as weve talked about in the past as weve tried to monetize our excess ethylene, weve always indicated we do not necessarily need to be the owner of the smaller crackers, many times we call the type 3 crackers. Nothing has changed in that regards. Our larger cracker is really heavily integrated into our overall site operations and is really critical to our specialty derivative production. So, as we go through the strategic evaluation and we will ensure the reliability, integrity and the safety of this cracker is preserved to support our specialty derivative product lines. And this is consistent with our strategy again to reduce volatility, but not compromising our specialty growth. On the propylene, Id also remind you, yes, we are a net buyer today but as we look forward to the start-up of the PDH unit with Enterprise, well be kind of fully integrated with our propylene. But as we look down the road, we can think about different options on how these crackers may play out in our strategic options. And well be able to adjust appropriately.
Operator: And well take our next question from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander: Just a quick one on your transportation and construction breakouts for the special businesses, can you break out your current thinking about how much is maintenance versus first fit for OEM and what youre seeing on the OEM trends in the very near term, like the next three, six months?
Mark Costa: Ill take a shot at it, but Id say our customers are probably more qualified to comment. On the tire side, 75% of that business is roughly replacement. Its important to remember that were levered to commercial tires much more so than passenger tires when it comes to the amount of Crystex for tires 10 times in a commercial tire versus passenger. So, what we see there is like the globe, the economy getting better in the U.S., improving in Europe and it is still growing in China by the way, just not as fast as wed all like. And so thats all sort of driving the need for replacement tires especially increased construction activity in North America and even some increased construction activity in Europe that were seeing. So thats how Id talk about the tire side of it. On coatings, when you look at transportation and building construction, we expect a good year in North America which is where we have our largest market share with the increasing construction rate of housing coming for us in 16. And we also saw decent growth rates in Europe. So, thats all feeling relatively good. China is a bit of a wildcard but still some growth. When it comes to interlayers, they had a phenomenal year last year in automotive as well as a good architectural year in Europe. And on the automotive side, we grew significantly faster than the market for a couple of reasons. One is were seeing the addressable market grow because a lot of company -- OEMs are moving to putting laminated glass in the side windows and even the sunroofs, so the market is just getting bigger relative to OEM build rate. In addition, a lot more use of acoustics, both for quieting in the cabin as well as light weighting the windows and heads-up displays growing very strongly with the whole mobility trend. To figure out the next trend youve got to go to the consumer electronics show for cars and the heads-up display is a critical part of all those technology trends. So, all of thats allowing us to grow much faster than the OEM build rate which is about 60%, 70% of the total for interlayers. So, each business is a different story, but all of them are good ones.
Laurence Alexander: And then if we roll all of them up for the two As over the next three, four years, what you see as your mix tailwind for margins when you have a lot of moving parts in terms of the hedges and market trends, but what do you just see as a tailwind just from margin uplift, if any from mix shift?
Curt Espeland: I think what youre going to see, this is Curt, in Advanced Materials, youve already seen what has happened with their different elements of improving mix, getting volume growth and fixed cost leverage. And so they are at a 17% operating margin, so I think theyll continue to grow from that. On the Additives & Functional Products, I think over the next several years, they can maintain their margins if not slightly improve them through that mix of group.
Operator: And well take our next question from Mike Sison with KeyBanc.
Mike Sison: I was wondering, it might be helpful if you total up all the headwinds that youre facing in 2016, it seems like its going to be well over $1, maybe even more. And is that kind of what youre overcoming with your specialty businesses and what you can control internally?
Curt Espeland: Im not sure Ive done all of the exact math that Mike youre doing, but we can compare notes like we always do over time. But I would say, yes, were facing significant headwinds and so we are offsetting that with again growth in Advanced Materials, stability in AFP. Were also then seeing the cost reduction actions. Id also remind that were also going to finish deleveraging during the course of 2016 as well as look at repurchasing shares, mostly weighted towards the second half of the year. So, those will also help overcome some of that headwind.
Mike Sison: And then one quick one, Mark. Eastmans done a nice job of kind of locking away from more commodity businesses and adding specialty businesses. Unfortunately, the commodity business seems to continue to weigh on your earnings results probably more than you might have thought. What are your thoughts -- what do you think you need to do with the portfolio now to maybe reposition it to continue to lessen those exposures? I know you want to pay down debt, but is acquisitions something that you would consider to continue to improve the portfolio?
Mark Costa: I think what we want to do is what we just announced which is get the volatile bit out of the portfolio. So, going to four segments, concentrating the olefins in one segment where we can better manage that business and the volatility in it day to day to make sure we capture the best value in the current market situation. Thats why we pulled the distribution solvents out of AFP and put plasticizers in there. It also allows us to look at all the options for what is best divested from this portfolio that certainly is a distraction for investors having a disproportionate impact on our valuation and allow us to focus on our specialty strategy. Because -- youre right, last year we did a great job of growing our specialties. It was why we delivered earnings growth and were going to do it again this year and beyond. And thats where we should be spending our time and focusing our efforts. When it comes to acquisitions, as I said in the second quarter call and the third quarter call last year, were not looking for large M&A. Were looking to focus on growing our platforms that we have. We have a lot of great organic growth initiatives kicking into gear already and ones that are about to come especially in AFP. Those were a little bit behind in the cycle relative to Advanced Materials. So. youre going to hear a lot more stories about that as we go forward. But were not looking for any large M&A. Its always possible to find some bolt-on M&A that might be attractive that dramatically improves the business were in, like we did last year in Advanced Materials with our Commonwealth acquisition, but our focus right now is generating cash flow and repurchasing shares.
Operator: And well take our next question from Aleksey Yefremov with Nomura.
Aleksey Yefremov: How did Taminco products do in the fourth quarter and was there any change in competitive intensity or volumes there?
Mark Costa: Taminco had a great year and a good quarter. So overall, they did as we expected. Volumes held together nicely. You saw strength in things like crop protection for the year as well as personal care doing well. Obviously, theres some pressure in soybean and corn-related functional mean demand with all the drama in the ag industry, but thats a relatively small percentage of their total revenue. And we took some hits of course in some of our products going into down-hole applications on the energy side but a lot of that was offset by gas cleanup sales doing quite well on the downstream part of that business for us. So, volumes held in well and it came out as we expected. Margins also are fine. The only two hits weve had in that business is currency obviously like everything else, and then some of the methanol that we produce from our advantage contract obviously is feeling spread pressure relative to how methanol prices have come down.
Curt Espeland: And if I could add Mark, on top of that, what I also like about Taminco is we have completed the integration. We achieved about $25 million in cost synergies in 2015. We expect that to be about $50 million of cost synergies as well as we now believe we will have some good tax synergies that will help our effective tax rate in 2016. So, again, not only is that a good reflection of good integration by both teams, its also the business -- the team is responding to tough business climates to help our businesses, whether its Taminco or heritage Eastman.
Aleksey Yefremov: And as a follow-up, does your guidance include buybacks? And if so, how much?
Curt Espeland: The guidance, you could assume, there will be some buybacks weighted mostly towards the second half of the year, and so some of that would be included in that guidance. But that will be more of a benefit as we go into 2017 because youll get the full effect of those buybacks plus how we deploy our cash in 2017.
Operator: Well take our final question from John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: Congratulations on moving forward. We had another chemical company write off an unfavorable raw material contract this quarter. You havent been able to do that with your propane contracts. Is that just due to how hedge accounting works or is it simply because it would just improve the optics and there is no net present value to doing it?
Curt Espeland: In this case, John, it is purely the accounting because its a cash flow hedge. Even if we settled those hedges today and spent the cash, Id still have to recognize the impact and earnings over the cash flow associated with the purchases.
John Roberts: Okay. So, its more an accounting issue than it is an NPV issue?
Curt Espeland: Yes.
Greg Riddle: Okay. Thanks again for joining us this morning. A web replay and a replay in downloadable mp3 format will be available on our website later this morning. Have a great day.
Operator: And this concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-30 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory A. Riddle - Vice President-Investor Relations & Communications Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc. John E. Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Arun S. Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co. Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC Nils-Bertil Wallin - CLSA Americas LLC Eric B. Petrie - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman's website, www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory A. Riddle - Vice President-Investor Relations & Communications: Okay. Thank you, Nikki, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Chairman and CEO; Curt Espeland, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Louis Reavis, Manager-Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's third quarter 2015 financial results news release, and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for second quarter 2015 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for third quarter 2015. Second, earnings per share, operating earnings and EBITDA referenced in this presentation exclude certain non-core costs, charges and gains. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluding items, are available in the third quarter 2015 financial results news release and the Appendix to the slides that accompany our remarks this morning, both of which can be found on our website, www.eastman.com. Projections of future earnings in the presentation also exclude such items as described in the second quarter financial results news release. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, everyone, I'll start my comments on slide three. We had a solid third quarter in line with our expectations delivering strong earnings and cash flow and improving EBITDA margins to about 24% in a tough environment. We are continuing to benefit from the improvements we've made to the company, resulting in a more specialty portfolio. And we continue to show the benefits of a robust and diverse portfolio in both the breadth of our end market positions and geographic diversity . Most importantly, our specialties are driving our growth: Advanced Materials, Adhesives & Plasticizers, and Additives & Functional Products lead our earnings growth this quarter and for the year. We are seeing some great innovation driven growth across the portfolio. For example, in window interlayers within Advanced Materials we are delivering very strong volume growth and we expect to set a record in overall volume with significant mix improvement. As our premium acoustic and heads-up display products, volumes grow more than 20% year-over-year. With acoustics, we continue to see strong macro trends to reduce noise in the cabin and overall weight leading to greater penetration to a wide range of auto models. In Advanced Materials, our recently launched displays product use for polarizer film in high-end mobile devices is delivering very strong earnings growth this year. This great innovation enables dramatically improved optical properties when viewing mobile devices at an angle and contributes to thinner devices by enabling more than a 50% reduction in film thickness. In Additives & Functional Products, we are realizing a compelling synergy as Solutia's market connect in tires has enabled double-digit growth in our tackifying resins as a performance additive for traction eco-efficient tires. We are becoming the preferred innovative partner in the industry given Eastman has the most diverse set of technology platforms and deep application development capability relative to its competitors. What I like about all of these examples is that we're delivering earnings growth through volume and mix upgrade in a tough environment. In addition, our acquisitions continue to deliver in this challenging environment. We're on track for $0.50 accretion. Taminco results remained solid due to the diversity of its portfolio and strong market positions. We just completed our SAP cutover in nine months with no customer disruptions, which is a great accomplishment and lets us ramp up our efforts on some of the cost and operational synergies. Commonwealth has been an outstanding acquisition for Advanced Materials, expanding our films product portfolio into paint protection films which we are growing rapidly through our own distributor network. And the aviation turbine oil business we acquired from BP has integrated nicely with our existing aviation fluids. We are also doing outstanding job on the cost management, keeping cost relatively flat with strong productivity gains. And within this, we continue to shift our resource mix towards our growth programs. Our strong performance was able to offset some increasing headwinds in declining olefin prices and a strengthening dollar, particularly in some emerging markets. And we continue to deliver strong free cash flow, $208 million in the third quarter and over $600 million through nine months. And we continue to expect free cash flow of $900 million for the year. None of this would be possible without the strong commitment of the talented Eastman employees throughout the world. Together, all this puts us on track for a sixth consecutive year of earnings growth. Now I'll turn over to Curt to talk about corporate and segment results.
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with our third quarter corporate results on slide four. Overall, sales revenue increased primarily due to revenue from the businesses we acquired in 2014, along with increased volume and mix improvement in our specialty businesses. This was mostly offset by two factors. First, lower selling prices, particularly in Specialty Fluids and Intermediates and Additives & Functional Products, which largely reflected lower raw material energy costs. And second, the negative impact of foreign currency. Our operating earnings increased primarily due to earnings from acquired businesses and strong performance in Advanced Materials and Adhesives & Plasticizers. With our heritage businesses, there were two key drivers of this performance: Volume and mix improvement especially in Advanced Materials and our value-based pricing relative to raw materials reflecting the specialty and special position nature of a significant portion of our product portfolio. These were partially offset by propane hedges and the unfavorable shift in foreign currency exchange rates. Our operating margin increased by 100 basis points to almost 19%. Earnings per share was $1.84 for the quarter, primarily reflecting higher operating earnings. Year-over-year, earnings per share declined slightly as higher operating earnings was offset by higher interest expense and also other charges of $13 million, primarily reflecting volatile emerging market currencies negatively impacting our foreign denominated balance sheet transactions in the quarter. On a year-over-year basis, these other charges were about a $0.09 headwind for the quarter and we do not expect this kind of magnitude in the fourth quarter. Overall, a strong quarter with particularly solid results in our specialty businesses. Moving next to the segment results and starting with Additives & Functional Products on slide five. Revenue increased due to the sales of acquired Taminco businesses. This was partially offset by lower coatings and other formulated products selling prices which reflected lower raw material and energy costs. An unfavorable shift in foreign exchange rates was also a headwind. Operating earnings increased year-over-year primarily due to earnings from the acquired businesses offset by lower propane hedges. We continue to expect strong full year earnings growth for this segment due to earnings from acquired businesses. We expect earnings in the heritage Eastman businesses will be similar to the previous year as solid volume growth continues to offset the effects of propane hedges and currency. Next is Adhesives & Plasticizers on slide nine. I'm sorry, slide six. Sales revenue declined 12%, primarily due to lower selling prices, reflecting low raw material and energy costs and an unfavorable shift in foreign currency exchange rates. We continue to see a favorable shift in product mix due to strong volume growth, particularly for our non-phthalate plasticizers due to substitution in North America. This was offset by a decrease in non-hydrogenated resin volume due to operational constraints. Operating earnings increased in the third quarter as improved spread for both Adhesives & Plasticizers was partially offset by currency and propane hedges. For full year 2015, we expect to continue to improve our product mix with strong growth in hydrogenated hydrocarbon resins and non-phthalate plasticizers. We expect this will be partially offset by impact of currency. Taken together, we continue to expect, Adhesives & Plasticizers will deliver strong earnings growth for the year. Now to Advanced Materials on slide seven, which continues to deliver on the elements on the strategy, volume growth, mix improvement and fixed cost leverage. Sales revenue increased primarily due to sales of products of the acquired performance films business. Higher sales volumes, as well as mix improvement especially for inner layers. This strong volume growth was partially offset by currency and lower selling prices primary for copolyesters due to lower raw material and energy costs. Operating earnings increased primarily due to increased volume and improved product mix, lower raw material costs, the benefits of fixed cost leverage and earnings from the acquired business offset by lower selling prices and currency. These are just outstanding results for the first nine months. On the full year outlook for Advanced Materials, we expect to continue to have year-over-year volume growth and mix improvement, however, it is typical for volumes to be seasonally lower in the fourth quarter, and we expect this again this year, and we also expect some inventory management in the quarter. With all that said, Advanced Materials is positioned for very strong earnings growth in 2015, which should give them momentum heading into 2016. Now to Fibers on slide 8. Revenue declined 8% mainly due t o lower volume, primarily driven by acetyl chemical volume. Lower acetyl chemical volume was due to decreased sales to the acetate flake joint venture in Kingsport. While acetyl volume was down slightly year-over-year, it was up about 20% sequentially and is on track to be about 20% higher in the second half of 2015 compared to the first half. This total increase reflects both slowing inventory destocking and customer buying patterns. Operating earnings were about as expected down year-over-year due to the lower volume, but up sequentially as total volume increased to slightly below the previous year's level. Operating margin was at 32%. On our full year outlook, we continue to expect second half earnings will be better than the first half, with increased total volumes, but full year earnings will be somewhat below what we expected in July primarily due to the lower acetyl chemical volumes. I'll finish the segment review with Specialty Fluids & Intermediates on slide nine. Sales revenue decreased as lower selling prices particularly for olefin-based intermediates and lower chemical and other intermediates sales volumes more than offset sales of products of the acquired business. Operating earnings decreased primarily due to the propane hedges and lower volumes in chemical and other intermediates more than offsetting earnings from the acquired business. Looking at the full year, we now expect a number of factors impacting results. We expect to continue from the benefit from volume growth and earnings from acquired businesses. Sales for the heritage Eastman businesses is expected to be above flat as solid end market demand is offset by increasing internal use of intermediates for both the Taminco business and the growth in heritage Eastman businesses as well as lower polymer intermediates volumes. Propylene and ethylene prices declined further than expected during the third quarter. We anticipate prices to remain low for the fourth quarter negatively impacting olefin margins. We continue to expect the impact of the propane hedges to negatively impact this segment for the fourth quarter as the cost of the hedges flow through inventories. From a corporate perspective, we now expect the year-over-year headwind of producing versus purchasing olefins including the propane hedge to increase to about $0.80 per share for the full year versus our previous expectation of $0.60. The increase in the negative impact will be predominantly reflected in Specialty Fluids & Intermediates in the fourth quarter. We will offset some of this headwind with pricing actions for our derivatives but not all of it. As a result, we expect Specialty Fluids & Intermediates earnings in 2015 will be lower than 2014 earnings. On slide 10, I'll transition to an overview of our cash and other financial highlights for the quarter. We continue to do an excellent job of generating cash with our third quarter operating cash flow of $368 million. Net earnings were solid and we continue to be disciplined with working capital. We contributed $90 million to our U.S. pension plans in the quarter and expect to contribute an additional $10 million in the fourth quarter. Capital expenditures totaled $160 million and we anticipate full year capital expenditures to be around $675 million as our underlying capital schedules are weighted to the second half of the year. We generated $208 million of free cash flow for the quarter, and we continue to expect our full year 2015 free cash flow will be around $900 million. Our third quarter dividend was $60 million, reflecting a yield of 2%, and our effective tax rate for the third quarter was just over 27%. We continue to expect our full year tax rate will be between 26% and 27%, reflecting the continued benefits of improvement in our business operations, as well as reflecting our expectation that Congress will sign the tax extenders, including the R&D tax credit, into law before the end of the year. If these tax extenders are not passed, this would be about a $0.10 per share headwind to our fourth quarter earnings per share expectations. Given our strong first nine months, we are on track for an excellent financial performance in 2015. And so with that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Curt. We've talked a lot about the benefits of our portfolio transformation and how that contributes to our consistent earnings growth and strong cash generation. On slide 11, we're giving you another way to look at it. Portfolio transformation has been a key element to delivering strong earnings growth for quite some time, on both organic growth as well as through aggressive actions to change our portfolio. We divested roughly $3.5 billion of revenue with EBITDA margins below 10%, we've acquired over $4 billion of EBITDA margins greater than 25%, significantly upgrading the quality of our portfolio and our end market exposure. Organically, we've also grown our volume and most importantly, upgraded our mix. This is our both within our heritage businesses, and within the acquired businesses through great efforts in innovation programs and commercial excellence, to focus our growth in the most attractive products, markets and geographies. As a result of these efforts, you can see that a very different story has emerged from five years ago. We've strengthened the company; we're also growing the overall earnings by 70%. So when you look at 2010, you can see corporate earnings were about $1 billion and Fibers and SFI was around 50%, just over 50% of where our earnings came from. And a significant story has evolved and changed as you look at the trailing 12 months of our earnings. Not only is it 70% higher, it is significantly higher quality. So the AAA segments, Advanced Materials, Additives & Functional Products and Adhesives & Plasticizers, grew 115%, dramatically increasing growth and quality of earnings for shareholders and presenting a much more sustainable mix in how we're going to deliver earnings growth. And obviously now, Fibers and SFI being a smaller percentage of that total. So it's a great story of the AAA segments delivering earnings growth which we can sustain going forward as well as Fibers being a foundational part of our story, delivering stable earnings, and SFI being the engine that delivers the intermediates to support the growth in the specialties. So that portfolio, I think, is really demonstrating and creating a lot of value for us this year and showing how we can continue creating value for shareholders going forward. And I think that's a good transition to our full year 2015 outlook on slide 12. We've had a strong first nine months of the year with record EPS and cash flow. Our specialty businesses are leading the way with growth in innovative product lines resulting in improved mix and overall doing a great job of holding on to value. We've also done a great job remaining disciplined in cost management. And as I mentioned previously, our specialty acquisitions are delivering for us this year and we expect they will contribute meaningfully to our growth going forward. Of course, challenges remain and in some places they are intensifying. Most notably, olefin prices, which started to move against us in the third quarter, and we expect this challenge will continue into the fourth quarter. We expect ethylene prices will recover in the early part of next year given the high industry cracker shutdown schedule planned for the spring. Overall, we continue to focus on the things that we can control, most notably executing our strategy to deliver results. When you net all the things that we're doing well against the challenges we face, we continue to expect we will deliver our sixth consecutive year of earnings growth in 2015, something only a select few S&P 500 companies have ever done in the last 10 years. And that is something we expect to build on going forward. I'll close on slide 13 with how we are doing so far in the key themes for 2015. These are the same that we shared with you in January, and we've emphasized each throughout the presentation today. We'll continue to make great progress in transformation towards the specialty portfolio. We are driving growth in our specialty businesses based on our world-class technology platforms that enable us to have strong leadership positions in an attractive set of niche markets. We're accelerating earnings growth by improving our product mix with high growth of innovative high-margin products. We're achieving attractive earnings accretion from high-quality specialty acquisitions and creating value by adding attractive end markets and products to our portfolio. And we're generating industry-leading free cash flow based on our attractive market positions and advantaged cost positions. We remain committed to fully deploying our strong balance sheet in a disciplined and balanced manner. Our first priority for capital allocation is completing our repayment of approximately $1 billion of debt associated with the Taminco acquisition and we are on track. Investors should continue to expect an increasing dividend which we have done for the last four years, providing a greater than S&P 500 average yield. And after delevering, we will repurchase shares in the back half of next year. Of course, we remain open to bolt-on acquisitions if they are very attractive and have a strong fit with our existing businesses. Our performance through the nine months is outstanding despite the challenging business environment. We are confident in our six consecutive years of earnings growth and on track for $900 million of free cash flow providing roughly an 8% yield. We've got a great strategy, a great portfolio of businesses and simply outstanding group of employees who continue to execute. I'm very confident in our ability to create value for all of our stakeholders. Thank you for joining us this morning. I look forward to your questions.
Gregory A. Riddle - Vice President-Investor Relations & Communications: Okay. Thanks, Mark. We've got a lot of people on the line this morning and we'd like to get to as many questions as possible. So I ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. With that, Nikki, we're ready for questions.
Operator: And our first question will come from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning. Mark, I know it's early, but looking to 2016, can you grow earnings next year? And if so, what are the key drivers, headwinds as well as tailwinds, do you think?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Dave. I would have never guessed that question coming from you. So, happy to talk about it. First, and to keep it simple, we're confident we can grow earnings in 2016 relative to 2015. We have several tailwinds that I think are important. The most important by far is that continued growth in our specialty segments, the AAA segments, I think, are all well-positioned to deliver earnings growth. And the key drivers of it will be the volume and mix that they have, continuing to leverage the acquisitions that they've done as well to deliver that growth. The second will be a net tailwind from the hedges coming off, so you've got the propane hedge coming off. you also have some of the currency hedge coming off, the net that provides that provides a tailwind. I think it's reasonable to expect that olefin prices next year relative to this year are likely to be higher especially given how low they've gone in the back half of this year with sort of supply gluts in ethylene and propylene. So that will certainly be helpful. Of course, there are the synergies that we have around the acquisitions, the cost synergies and even some commercial synergies. And I would note that we're also planning on aggressively managing our costs across the entire company. We've done a great job in productivity this year and we're going to ramp up our efforts for more aggressive actions next year to improve our cost position in the marketplace. And lastly, there's the strength of our free cash flow. So we'll create value for shareholders in paying down our debt and then getting access to that free cash with repurchased shares. So you add all those together and it's a nice set of tailwinds. There is one headwind I think that applies to every chemical company that has raw materials derived from oil. So we've been benefiting this year as raw material prices have dropped pretty rapidly, and we've held on the prices in a number of our businesses expanding our margins. And of course, as you go through the year, you give some of that back with price and so that's great this year. Obviously, if raws are flat next year that becomes a bit of a headwind. I don't think that it's significant for us relative to some others because of the propane hedge and so much of our earnings are coming from cellulosics that didn't have spread expansion. But there'll be some of that headwind that nets against those tailwinds. And then it comes down to the big uncertainties around the global economic factors around overall market growth and currencies. But assuming those are stable, I think we're very well-positioned to deliver earnings growth because the tailwinds are quite significant. So I think we're just well-positioned for some our seventh year of earnings growth and I think it's a great opportunity, especially when you think about what we're delivering for shareholders and earnings growth, strong EBITDA margins, our cash flow yield, it's a great valuation upside.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: No. Very helpful. Thank you. And just on acetate tow destocking, Mark, where are we in that process?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So we're quite encouraged and happy to see demand come back exactly as we expected from the beginning of the year in tow, 20% improvement sequentially into the third quarter was great. And we expect volumes to continue to be solid into the fourth quarter. So I think that when you look outside of China, destocking, I think, has run its course. And when you look inside China, I think that you've got some risk of destocking continuing into next year. They certainly have made progress in destocking from what we can see in the wholesale inventories. But it's a little hard to know if they've gone all the way to achieving their objective. But I think that overall, what I would say is that expects sort of flat demand for us next year. So outside China, you have destocking ending, but the normal macro declines of cigarette consumption, netting against each other. Inside of China, you've got some expected growth in cigarette production as the Chinese National Tobacco Company continues to drive to meet its tax revenue growth targets. You've got some filter lengthening that's going on still, and you've got this question around destocking and chance of it being some, but maybe not as much as this year, offset by the Daiso joint venture which started up in the middle of next year, obviously continuing into next year. So all those net against each other, and it also feels sort of flattish. So global flattish situation when we look at demand for next year versus this year.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: And the next question will come from Aleksey Yefremov with Nomura.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Good morning. Thank you. Just a follow-up on Fibers, Mark. Do you think you can earnings in Fibers if demand is flat next year?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We've been saying this all year. I would expect earnings from Fibers to be stable, but I'm not going to call it as growth or down. I think it's going to be relatively stable. There's a lot of moving parts. We're in the beginning of our contract discussions with all of our customers on volume and price. And so we'll comment more about that next year. But I think it's stable which, back to the 2016 earnings question, it's stable. It's not a headwind against the growth in the AAA segments.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: In the AAA segments, if we look short term in the fourth quarter, do you think the raw material margin spreads can hold or do you expect to give back some of the pricing gains that you had so far?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. As you look at the AAA segment, I think each segment has a different story. And it's important to start by thinking about it from a stream point of view. So cellulosics, which drives a lot of earnings obviously in Fibers, but also in Advanced Materials and Additives & Functional Products. There's been no spread expansion. That business, based on value, our raw materials or coal, that's not a spread expansion story, so that's quite stable. And then you've got sort of olefin versus paraxylene as the other components within those AAA segments. And on the olefin side, while both olefin prices and ethane and propane have dropped, given our propane hedge, we haven't had a lot of margin expansion in olefins, anywhere in the portfolio when you look at it on a four-year basis. And so I don't think you've got a huge margin expansion problem in olefins. So, you're then down to paraxylene and I think you've got some tailwind in Advanced Materials associated with paraxylene for our co-polyesters and that certainly been helpful. But I'd put that in the order, the third place of how we've driven earnings growth in Advanced Materials this year, volume and mix being the number one driver, the acquisition being number two and then that being number three. So it will certainly mitigate how we can grow earnings next year, but I still think we'll grow earnings. And then Adhesives & Plasticizers, the one place where we probably also have some margin expansion especially in adhesives where the industry has been really tight, and we've seen great margins in that business. And we expect those margins to come off a little bit as we go into next year. We also expect that to be balanced against volume growth in adhesives as we've been able to get more access to raw materials and address some operational limitations that we had this year. And so that margin coming off versus volume growth will net against each other. It's a little hard to call how that will play out. But overall, we look at the AAA segments and see earnings growth coming from those three segments delivering growth for shareholders next year.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from John Roberts, UBS.
John E. Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Morning.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, John.
John E. Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: What will be your propane strategy in the future as the hedges roll off?
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think right now, we'll continue to evaluate kind of where we think propane is going as well as just what is the pricing of our propylene derivatives and ethylene derivatives. Our hedging for this year, next year are virtually down. So there won't be any more hedging done at this point. Beyond that we'll continue to evaluate as the market dictates.
John E. Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. So it sounds like you'll be opportunistic in fact rather than having some sort of programmatic strategy?
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We will always have a programmatic strategy. I'm just saying as it relates for the next couple of years that strategy has already been executed.
John E. Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then Indorama recently acquired an idled ethylene Gulf Coast cracker for restart. Any opportunities for your idled assets especially given the drop in propane?
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, if you're talking about our  we have one cracker that's been idle and that has always been an asset we're always looking at ways to maybe create value. But predominantly, at this point, our focus has been on our derivatives. When you look at our crackers itself, I don't see bringing that cracker up at this point, unless there's another party that feels they can use that excess ethylene that comes from that. What we're continuing to look for is just how do we deal with our excess ethylene, still some good options out there, some things we have to work through as you know. But our focus is just how do we potentially get rid of that excess ethylene from our portfolio.
John E. Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from Frank Mitsch, Wells Fargo.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning. And nice job with the specialties this quarter gentlemen.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. How are you?
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I'm doing fine. Hey. Mark, quick question. I know you're Northern California based or from 49ers or Raiders?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Raiders. Grew up on the Raiders.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right. Awesome. We'll set-up a bet later on today for Sunday's game. In the discussion regarding Advanced Materials, you talked a lot about the acoustic interlayers and the fact that that's been growing, I guess, 20% was the comment made. I'm just curious as to where we are in the spectrum of types of cars that the special product is going in, and how much more penetration we might have? So how much longer can we expect to see double-digit type growth out of that? What's the penetration like there?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Frank. The acoustic interlayers are just a fantastic product and it was greater than 20% volume growth this year, it's just been tremendous. And we really started with luxury cars, and we're just in the process of moving into the mid-tier cars with the acoustics and the windshield which both quiets the cabin and now they're doing trade-offs between do I acquire the cabin or do I take glass out to hit better fuel efficiency. So it's opening up a wide range of choices. But I think that we're going to see  we're still just in the beginning of penetrating the overall market. And I also see growth beyond just the windshield. So we're seeing people start moving to laminated glass on the side windows as well, for both safety reasons as well as acoustic reasons. So we're getting more real estate per car, more cars. We have several years ahead of us in growth from a penetration point of view, and we have a next-generation acoustic product that significantly improves performance over this one that's going to give us a whole another leg of innovation and growth on top of it. So a lot of room to grow there. And I'd also note that heads-up display has got a huge potential market in front of us relative to its current penetration. We're seeing a lot of growth there as people are trying to work on better mobility and safety for information provision to drivers in the car. So I think  and we're making significant improvements not just with the current product, but a whole another next-generation product to allow a much bigger screen, much better clarity in the windshields. So this area is just on fire with innovation. It's an exciting space for us.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right. Terrific. I'll wait on buying a new car so I can get all these neat little things. Curt, when you talked about the $0.80 negative headwind on SFI for the balance of the year due to the decline in olefins and hedges, I guess you were expecting that to be a negative $0.60 at the end of Q2, now you're expecting it to be a negative $0.80. How much of that $0.20 delta was realized in Q3 versus Q4?
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. I'd say, Frank, the $0.80 per share headwind is for the whole company, and that is a $0.20 impact. I would say some of that showed up in third quarter, but a predominant piece of it's going to be showing up in the fourth quarter.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And then lastly, Curt, you also mentioned that if the tax extender, your anticipation is that the tax extenders will be passed by Congress before the end of the year, and that $0.10 is embedded in your expectations for Q4. I'm not sure I actually caught what your expectations were for Q4. Can you clarify that?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, let me clarify my expectation on the tax rate, Frank. What I would indicate is that if the tax extenders are passed, our tax rate for the year will be closer to 26%. If they're not passed, they'll be closer to 27%.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Arun Viswanathan, RBC Capital Markets.
Arun S. Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning. I guess I had a couple questions on Taminco, maybe if you can just help us understand if this is tracking according to your expectations on the accretion, and what your expectations are for next year. Obviously, there's been some changes on the ag side. Are those any concerns for you guys? Thanks.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So Taminco is definitely on track with our expectations except for currency. So as we look at the overall business, we certainly did feel like everyone else, some pressure on the row crop-related ag part of Taminco's business. It's important to remember that row crops are only about 10% of Taminco's business or just over 1% of Eastman's revenue. So it's not a significant factor for us, but certainly, we're tracking with what you're reading in the press of the big ag companies on row crops, and that being off a bit. That has been offset largely by a strong performance in our crop protection business where we sell a great set of fungicides and soil fumigants and other products into perishable products that have done well this year, and aren't caught up in this oversupply of corn and soybeans. So that part is sort of hanging in there together on a net basis; obviously, the oil and gas business didn't grow as much as we expected upstream, but we've actually seen good downstream growth offsetting some of that where we sell products into cleaning up the gas. And then, water treatment and personal care doing quite well. So overall, I think the revenue side of the equation is hanging in relatively well. They're doing a very good job of managing their cost like all of Eastman and providing good earnings accretion for the shareholders, synergies coming in as we expected. But we did take a hit on currency that certainly wasn't in our plans when I looked at this acquisition 12 months ago.
Arun S. Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Great. And then I don't know if you talked about this, but on the propane hedge, is there any way you can help us quantify like the year-on-year change that you expect and now that your programs are complete for 2016 versus 2015? I mean, you have like a $0.40 to $0.60 hit this year, probably at the higher end of that. Obviously, it's likely to be less next year given the comps but how do you see it playing out?
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So, Arun, first  this is Curt, and by the way, welcome to our call. I appreciate you coming.
Arun S. Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Let me just clarify two things. First of all, as it relates to our expectations, there's about an $0.80 headwind now for 2015. And that changes  not because of the hedges, it's predominantly because of selling prices with ethylene. But if you think about our hedge, we're about two-thirds hedged in 2015 and we've said that'll just be about 50% in 2016. So that'll give you some magnitude of the shift that will occur, that will have a tailwind for us as it relates to lower propane hedge costs.
Arun S. Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And then just lastly on SFI, I mean, obviously the business is challenged on the ethylene side. Is there kind of a long-term view on where this fits into the portfolio? You've been decreasing your commodity exposure over the last several years, is that still kind of the objective or is this kind of a permanent member? And I'll turn it over. Thanks.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, certainly, the Texas integrated site that produces the ethylene and propylene, and we translate that into all of our specialties that we sell out of that site, is a permanent member of the company and one that we're focused on keeping. As we've said since the summer of 2013, we've been looking to sell our small crackers that produce the excess ethylene, which is the real volatility you're seeing today in earnings, started in third quarter, and you're going to see more of it in the fourth quarter. We've wanted to get rid of that since 2013, but our sales process got disrupted by Westlake. So we're still focused on doing that, but the big cracker at the site produces all the hydrogen and steam for the site that runs all of our specialty businesses. You have to run that at an extremely high reliability rate because we are making products where, in some cases, we're the only manufacturer in the world in the specialties and so controlling and maintaining that integrated site is essential for our specialty business. And so we're going to continue to focus on doing that. We're quite proud of the fact that we haven't had a force majeure in 20 years across our sites, and our customers put a lot of value on that because they know that they can count on us as being a reliable supplier. And in specialties, when there's very few alternative suppliers, it's a very significant part of our value proposition. But we're going to always get out of every bit of commodity we can. We've been doing it for the last seven years in the $3.5 billion of revenue we sold off. So, I think we're doing all we can. We'll continue looking for those opportunities.
Arun S. Viswanathan - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Sison with KeyBanc.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys. Nice quarter.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hi.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Mark, when you think about  you talked about the headwinds this year from Fibers and Specialty Fluids becoming bigger. Clearly, it's the specialty business is doing better. So if you total it up, how much better are the specialty businesses coming in this year than you thought at the beginning of the year? And is there a way for you to maybe just help us understand the growth that they're generating in total for you this year to offset some of those bigger headwinds?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Mike. I'll try that at a high level. The specialty businesses that have the growth, the AAA segments, they certainly are exceeding our expectations, they're delivering more volume and mix upgrade than we expected at the beginning of the year in a tough economic environment, and obviously doing a great job of holding onto value in our pricing where it's appropriate as raws come off. So I'd say they're certainly ahead of our expectations. And I think Fibers came out more or less where we expected this year, so that's not been a surprise. And I do think it will stabilize out as we go into next year. And then unfortunately offsetting some of the great performance that we've seen in the specialties has been the significant drop in olefin prices that have gone well past the value of oil in the middle of the quarter, in the third quarter and into the fourth. That sort of offsets some of that great performance. But the good news about the olefin price headwinds is I think they're relatively temporary because it is more of a supply-driven thing, and I think will go to a more balanced situation next year from what all the experts seem to be saying. So if that's true then that pressure will come off and not be offsetting the growth in the specialties.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And if you thought about 2016 from the growth perspective from your specialty businesses, any reason why the growth wouldn't be similar 2015 versus 2014 that you could get a 2016 versus 2015?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. It's not going to be  I'd love to be able to tell you it was going to be that great. But it's not going to be that strong when you look at the AAA segment on a 2014 to 2015 basis, principally because one factor is not there which is the acquisitions have added a lot of earning from 2014 to 2015. In addition, I mentioned that some of the spread expansion that every chemical company in this industry has this year associated with oil on prices versus raws is not really expected next year as I'm thinking of raws being sort of flattish with oil being flattish into next year. And if that's the case, you'll focus on the volume and mix component of delivering earnings growth. So it will certainly be a moderated growth in 2016 versus 2015, but still growth and I think that's going to show up as very good performance as we all get into next year.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks very much. Good morning.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: How do you calculate your hedge cost? That is, is it simply the difference between the price you've paid because you've hedged versus the price of propane that you would have bought in the market or is it more complicated than that?
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, Jeff, that's generally the case. We do have some options around our hedging strategy. But to a greater extent, they're forward contracts and with forward contracts, it's just simply the price of that forward contract relative to the price. And as we talked about before, a lot of that forward contract was just around the dollar.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So what changed so that you thought it was $0.60 and now you think it was $0.80?
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Jeff, that delta is not in  the propane impact hasn't changed. That is just a reflection of pricing of olefins, but predominantly the collapse in ethylene.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, Jeff, for example, in ethylene prices, we started the quarter out when we were still in the sort of $0.34 range in the third quarter. We saw spot dropped all the way down to $0.18 at one point. We're in the sort of low-to-mid-20%s now. So ethylene has just come off tremendously and the propylene has come off as well. So this is purely a ethylene/propylene related issue, especially ethylene relative to what we had originally expected.
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And Jeff, I just want to remind everyone. This is our estimated benefit of producing versus purchasing olefins, it's a theoretical calculation we try to provide, which is influenced by the propane hedge, but that is something we tried to provide to give some sense. You still have the pricing dynamics above and beyond it.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, it's important to keep in mind, when we put out that $0.60 to $0.80 change, that $0.20 is not what we're going to actually feel, right? We're taking pricing actions to mitigate some of that pressure as we did already in the third quarter and we'll continue to try and do in the fourth quarter. But it's certainly more pressure than we expected three months ago.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I'm still puzzled. If the cost of the hedge is simply the difference between the propane price and your hedged propane price, the price of ethylene or propylene shouldn't enter into that.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Let me try and clarify, Jeff. When we talk about cracking spread headwind, it is not a hedge comment. It is an overall cracking spread comment. So we're looking at the cracking spreads that we have, ethylene and propylene prices minus the cost to produce those products of ethane and propane and the hedge all rolled in was a $0.60 headwind relative to 2014 when we started the year.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. All right.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And so, when you go to where we are today, nothing has changed on the hedge. But what has changed is ethylene and propylene prices for the cracking spread calculation have come down significantly from where we were three months ago and creating some compression. But it's important to keep in mind that we don't sell propylene in the marketplace, we sell derivatives. So each product, the specialty products, obviously, we're going to do a better job on holding on the value versus some of the commodities in SFI as propylene comes down, same story with ethylene, which is predominantly sitting in SFI.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So  I mean if you weren't hedged, would your spreads have contracted as well? Because propylene has come down really, really fast and so I would imagine that propylene derivative prices would have come down at a slower rate. That is, is squeeze the function of your hedge or it's the function of the relationship between propylene and its derivatives?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It's both. If you think about  ignore the hedge for a second. Cracking spreads have compressed this year versus last year, right? And on top of that, we have an additional cost headwind associated with the propane hedge. So both of those contribute to the 14% to 15% cracking spread calculation. But you're right. In the specialty businesses like Additives & Functional Products, we've done a great job of holding on the value and price relative to how propylene prices have dropped, but even there you start giving it back over time. In SFI, a lot of those products in the price moves pretty fast with propylene and ethylene, so the drop in those prices drop revenue pretty quickly with the drop in ethylene and propylene. And then you've got the cost structure on the other side.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then just two more quickly.
Gregory A. Riddle - Vice President-Investor Relations & Communications: Jeff, how about one more quickly, please?
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Then we'll try one more quickly. Were your volumes affected by your hedged position? In other words, if your cost of propane were lower, would you have sold more tons of stuff? And so, you were limited because of your cost structure or did it not affect your volumes?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The hedge had zero effect on volumes. We price based on value in the marketplace. It has nothing to do with volumes.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Bob Koort, Goldman Sachs.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Good morning.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Bob.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Curt, I think you said something about next year it's going to be more about volume unless maybe about some spreads to drive earnings. I guess I was just hoping you could give us some sense of what you expect overall in volumes? It seems like this year  and the globe has grown some, but the volumes haven't been very powerful. Would you expect there to be improvement next year? Obviously, the specialty side doing well, but do you think the broad portfolio can get GDP-type volume growth next year? And why would you not think so?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think that we'll certainly see volume growth in the AAA specialty businesses consistent with GDP and then levered up by some of our innovative high margin products growing much faster than GDP. So I think that when you look at Advanced Materials, the end markets that we're serving there from consumer durables to transportation and medical, all those markets are, I think, expected to grow well next year and we feel good about growth next year over this year. Additives & Functional Products, same thing. I think coatings will continue to grow and there's probably upside in residential housing in North America when you look at the housing start rates. So that should be relatively good. Tires has been a really tough year this year where we've been sort of flat in volume as China has come off with a lot of destocking and slowdown in their economic situation, and that's been offset fortunately by North America and Europe. But again, tire volumes sort of flattish this year globally for Crystex and PPDs and then of course strong tire resin growth on top of that, giving us overall growth. And I would actually expect tire growth in China to be better, and the rest of globe continue growing. So, again, feel good about growth in tires next year because I think some of the destocking will be done in China. And then Adhesives & Plasticizers, great underlying market trends in hygiene and packaging for the adhesives as well as the non-phthalate conversions in North America driving a lot of volume growth. So over that, I think it's all good. As I mentioned already, we expect volume and earnings to be relatively flattish in Fibers. And then SFI is just the engine that makes everything else run. So those kgs are a little deceptive because if we do shutdowns more in one year versus another, for example, all of that volume variance for the total company shows up in SFI as we have just  the run rates of what we can sell, that's left over in SFI after we've done all the specialty growth for those intermediates.
Robert Andrew Koort - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. That's helpful. And could you tell me what would you root for from an energy or oil price standpoint? Do you like what's optimal? A little inflation? a little deflation? Flat? In terms of how you respond to the market and what it does to your cost structure? And maybe your customer behavior? Thanks.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think that like probably most chemical companies, we all favor a steadily increasing raw material environment and a steadily increasing growth environment. So oil going up on a steady basis is probably the best scenario you can hope for. The worst thing for chemical companies is extreme volatility where the price of oil and raw is flying up and down.
Gregory A. Riddle - Vice President-Investor Relations & Communications: Thanks very much. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: The next question comes from Laurence Alexander, Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: Good morning. Just a quick one. If the ag market stabilized and oil extraction industries return to sort of a mid-cycle level, what would your operating leverage to that be?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, as I just mentioned, a steadily increasing oil price would certainly be good for the overall company. When it comes to products going into ag and oil and gas specifically, obviously, that would be volume upside for us relative to where we are today and give us a nice earnings growth especially through some of the Taminco businesses.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: Do you have a sense for how much you're under earning in those businesses currently?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, as I said, in ag I don't think we're really under earning because while we took a hit on volume coming off a bit in corn and soybean crops, we benefited from crop protection having a good seasonal year. So I don't think there was a overall big hit this year for us compared to some of the ag-focused companies. But I think there'll be modest improvement for us. So I'm not going to call out this specific earnings gain.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Nils Wallin, CLSA Brokerage.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - CLSA Americas LLC: Good morning. And thanks for taking my question. First one on Advanced Materials. If acoustics is growing greater than 20%, it's something like 30% or 40% of the business, that would imply a higher volume growth year-on-year in Advanced Materials, but I think you came at around 5%. So is there something that's actually declining in volume or is it just the Tritan in the other performance films or just not growing as fast as acoustics?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. So acoustics is a great product, but it's only part of overall Advanced Materials which is a very big segment. So what we love about the overall Advanced Materials business is it's having a great year across a wide range of specialty products. But some of the bigger volume products like copolyesters have a certain amount of limitation on how much they're going to grow that factors into that weighted average number that you're looking at. And I'd also note that we had some offsets in performance films in emerging markets. So you're selling films that go on to cars that are being sold. And so places like Brazil, Southeast Asia and even, to some extent, China have not been great for us for some of the performance films. And so that's not been growing as much in some of those isolated markets. I would note that performance films is growing incredibly well in North America and in some of our distribution channels in China. But overall, it nets out that way.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - CLSA Americas LLC: Understood. Thanks. And then I believe in one of the questions or in your commentary, you said that there had been no spread benefit in cellulosics and you called out coal. But my understanding, correct me if I'm wrong, I believe specialty pulp did come down in price, so did your tow prices follow that or am I incorrect about the raw materials on the acetate tow?
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, as we've talked about before, the cost of our inputs for Fibers is pretty well known a year in advance, as well as the contract negotiations we have. And so some of that cellulosics impact on Fibers has already been reflected and you see the pricing behavior of Fibers in our numbers.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - CLSA Americas LLC: All right. Thank you. And just one last, one if I may...
Gregory A. Riddle - Vice President-Investor Relations & Communications: Nils, I'm sorry, but we've got...
Nils-Bertil Wallin - CLSA Americas LLC: No problem. Okay.
Gregory A. Riddle - Vice President-Investor Relations & Communications: people in the queue.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We'll go to the next. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
Eric B. Petrie - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Yes. Hi. Good morning. This is Eric Petrie standing in for P.J. Your Adhesives & Plasticizers margins have increased nicely over the last couple of years at 24%, and I think that compares against the range of 17% to 20% that you gave at your Investor Day in 2013. So is this expansion more or less a function of lower raw materials or are we setting a new range going forward?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It's a mix of everything. So when you  two stories in Adhesives & Plasticizers. On the Adhesives side, the industry has been tight, giving us pricing power. And obviously, we've enjoyed that and improved our margins from that. But it's also important to note that we're also upgrading the mix within that volume that you don't quite see. So we're selling  having nice growth in our differentiated hydrogenated resins that are going into packaging and diapers and other products like that that are going quite well. And we've had a bit of a decline in volume in our non-hydrogenated resins, which are a lower margin that have been restricted because of raw material availability and some operational issues. So net, you've had a mix upgrade and some margin expansion in that story. On the Plasticizers side, you've had great volume growth offset by margin compression as the Asian competitors have been trying to sell their non-phthalate plasticizers in Europe and North America with the lower oil price and, of course, we're shale gas-based in those products, so we've been feeling some compression there. So as you look at next year, which I think is the key to this question, is you'll see some margins come off in Adhesives because there is some more raw materials being made available that cause it to be tight. But we'll have more volume growth next year than this year in Adhesives, offsetting that to some degree, and we'll see how that plays out as we get into January. And then on the Plasticizers side, we should have good volume growth again next year and hope that the spreads stabilize, and that should be a source of earnings growth. So, overall, I think that the margin percentage will come down, but we'll still be in a good position to deliver good earnings out of this segment.
Eric B. Petrie - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. And then my second question, can you just update us on your market share of non-phthalate plasticizers in the U.S.? What kind of utilization rates are you running at and do you have any expansion opportunities, I believe, with sterling, to expand capacity?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Taking it in reverse order. We have plenty of capacity to grow in non-phthalate plasticizers and there's plenty of opportunity in this market to continue to grow. We're just beginning the full conversion of this market to non-phthalate, so we have several years to run.
Gregory A. Riddle - Vice President-Investor Relations & Communications: Could we have the next question please?
Operator: The next question comes from Vincent Andrews, Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks very much. I'll keep it to one question. Your foreign exchange rate impact year-to-date is minus 3%. Can you just remind us of what type of FX hedges you had on this year? And how much of them extend into next year, so we can think about that?
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. If I could break it down, if you think about the economic exposure we have with currency, we're predominantly long in euro. And we've talked about that being roughly a $0.30 per share headwind, 2015 over 2014. That has benefited, about a 50% hedge (57:42) a little bit in 2016 the amount of hedge we have in place there. But we'll still have a nice hedge to help mitigate some of that exposure. And then on top of it, we have some other foreign currencies we have exposure to on a smaller scale, like the yen and others. And so if I think about this year, that's probably another $0.10 per share headwind. And so when I look at currency for the full year, about 40% headwind mitigated partially because of the euro hedge and we'll have a good euro hedge going into next year still, but just to a smaller degree.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And just the euro hedge for next year, it's a smaller percentage but at the same rate as 2015?
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Gregory A. Riddle - Vice President-Investor Relations & Communications: We'll make the next question the last one please.
Operator: And the final question comes from Duffy Fischer, Barclays Capital.
Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes. Good morning, fellows. A question back on interlayers. One of your big competitors was sold a little over a year ago. Is there any chance that that transition is part of the benefit that you're seeing today and may end up kind of being a little bit transitory then?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We certainly saw that the industry consolidated with Kuraray buying DuPont's business. But I wouldn't say that we are seeing growth this year because of that consolidation. I think that everyone's out there trying to compete as best as they possibly can. We're just enjoying a lot of growth because of our products and our value proposition to our customers.
Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then just last one, on the outlook, you're running about $0.20 ahead year-to-date on EPS. So if you took the very low end, you could say Q4 could be down $0.20 year-on-year and still kind of make that up for the year. Can you just talk a little bit more about how we should think about Q4 relative to that?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. So when you think about Q4, I would expect year-over-year earnings growth in the AAA segments, the specialty businesses are all focused in and positioned to deliver year-over-year earnings growth. And then obviously with Fibers, if volumes stay similar to the third quarter into the fourth quarter, that's going to be a little bit less than the volume we had in tow last year, so you're going to have a bit of an earnings headwind there. And then it's just down to SFI where you have the impact of the lower ethylene prices and the lower propylene prices showing up most significantly. And that's going to bring your earnings down sequentially from third to fourth quarter. So when you net it all together, we've picked up some headwind relative to where we were at the beginning of the third quarter. But I still feel very good about earnings in total for the year.
Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks, guys.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So I just want to make a quick summary's comment and we'll wrap it up. So overall, we feel great. We've been working on this strategy for a long time to deliver and change our portfolio to being more specialty-oriented. You can now see how the power of that strategy is working and delivering growth through the specialty AAA segments, working hard to keep the Fibers business stable, and believe we can do that. And that, I think, is a compelling story of how we can continue to deliver our seventh consecutive earnings growth next year, with great margins, great free cash flow that gives additional upside to shareholders beyond the earnings growth and how we delever as well as repurchase shares next year. So I just wanted to sort of really thank the Eastman employees as well for doing such a great job in delivering these results in a very difficult environment and showing what we can do with our portfolio. And with that I'll wrap it up.
Gregory A. Riddle - Vice President-Investor Relations & Communications: Okay. So, thanks again for joining us this morning. A web replay and a replay in downloadable MP3 format will be available on our website later this morning. Thanks again for joining us and have a great day.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory Riddle - VP, IR Mark Costa - Chairman and CEO Curtis Espeland - EVP and CFO Louis Reavis - Manager of IR
Analysts: David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Duffy Fischer - Barclays P.J. Juvekar - Citi Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities Frank Mitsch - Wells Fargo Nils Wallin - CLSA James Sheehan - SunTrust John Roberts - UBS Bob Koort - Goldman Sachs Mike Sison - KeyBanc Laurence Alexander - Jefferies Financial Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman's website at www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory Riddle: Okay. Thank you, Christine, and good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Chairman and CEO; Curt Espeland, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Louis Reavis, Manager of Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's second quarter 2015 financial results news release, and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for first quarter 2015 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for second quarter 2015. Second, earnings per share, operating earnings and EBITDA referenced in this presentation exclude certain non-core costs, charges and gains. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of excluded items, are available in the second quarter 2015 financial results news release and in the Appendix to these slides that accompany our remarks this morning, both of which can be found on our website, www.eastman.com in the Investor Section. Projections of future earnings in the presentation also exclude such items as described in the second quarter financial results news release. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Costa: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Ill start on Slide 3. Ill begin with the strategic highlights for the quarter and the first half of 2015. We had an outstanding second quarter results, clearly demonstrating the strength of our portfolio specialty products and the benefits of our focus on execution. Adjusted EPS in the second quarter was a record for any quarter and establishes a new level of earnings for the company and we set a record for the first half within a year as well. When you consider the headwinds we are facing, we have demonstrated the power of our strategy of aggressively transforming our portfolio towards specialties. The value of innovation driving growth and improving our mix and the benefit of our advantage cost positions. As we discussed in our first quarter call, we expected strong growth in our high value innovative specialty products. And now you can see that we deliver that strong growth from acoustic interlayers to our display products, to Tritan copolyester and many others. As the volume growth continues in these products, we also improved our product mix contributing to our strong margins. This shows the strength of our portfolio as we are able to hold under price relative to declining loss and more than offset the propane hedge and currency headwinds. In addition to strong organic growth, performance for Taminco continues to be solid and on track as the diversity of end markets and the strength of these business models enable us to navigate a difficult business environment. We also remain very pleased with the progress on the integration and the achievement of synergies and I would add that our bolt-on acquisitions from 2014 are also performing very well. The Commonwealth film business, the aviation turbine oil business and Knowlton which is accelerating innovation in our microfibers business. Cost management also remains an area of focus for us. We continue to make good progress keeping cost relatively flat with strong productivity gains. SG&A and R&D as a percentage of sales remains in the lower quartile of our peers reflecting our focus on costs, our integration and our scale. At the same time were increasing resources and spending on innovation programs. And the cash engine continues to generate strong cash flow with a record $450 million of free cash flow in the second quarter. When you look at the first half performance, I want to emphasize that were delivering earnings growth through our specialties and our acquisitions. This overall exceptional level of performance is a direct result of the talent, focus, and dedication of Eastman employees around the world who find a way to make a difference everyday. Now, I'll turn it over to Curt to discuss the corporate and segment results.
Curtis Espeland: Thanks Mark, and good morning everyone. I'll start with our second quarter corporate results on Slide 4. Overall sales revenue increased primarily due to revenue from the businesses we acquired in 2014. This was partially offset by lower selling prices, which largely reflected lower raw material and energy costs, lower fiber, fiber segment sales volume and foreign exchange rates.  Our operating earnings increased primarily due to the strong performance in advanced material segment and earnings from acquired businesses. Operating earnings also improved as we continue to hold onto value in the quarter reflecting a specialty and special position nature of a significant portion of our product portfolio. These were partially offset by the impact of propane hedges, lower volumes in our fiber segment, and an unfavorable shift in foreign exchange rates. Our operating margin increased by 100 basis points to 19%. Overall earnings per share increased to a record $2.1 per share a very strong quarter as we continue to deliver earnings growth. Moving next to the segment results, and starting with Additives & Functional Products on slide 5. Revenue increased due to both sales of acquired Taminco businesses, and higher coatings product sales volume attributed to stronger demand in key end markets such as transportation and building and construction.  This was partially offset by lower coatings and other formulated product selling prices, which reflected lower raw material and energy costs. An unfavorable shift in foreign exchange rates was also a headwind. Operating earnings increased year-over-year primarily due to earnings from acquired businesses, with the Heritage Eastman businesses about flat. We continue to expect strong full year earnings growth for this segment due to earnings from acquired businesses with earnings in the Heritage Eastman business relatively flat as solid volume growth offsets the effects of currency and propane hedges. Next is Adhesives & Plasticizers on Slide 6, sales revenue declined 11% primarily due to lower prices reflecting low raw material costs and an unfavorable shift in foreign exchange rates. We continue to see a favorable shift in product mix due to stronger volume growth of differentiated hydrogenated hydrocarbon resins in the hygiene and packaging markets and non-solid Plasticizer substitution in North America. In the first half this volume improvement was offset by limited availability of key raw materials in non-hydrogenated resins and declines in Plasticizer sales outside of the United States. Operating earnings increased in the second quarter as improved spreads for Adhesives was partially offset by currency. For full year 2015 we expect to continue to improve our product mix with strong growth in hydrogenated hydrocarbon resins and non-solid Plasticizers. We expect this will be partially offset by the impact of currency and the propane hedge. Taken together, we continue to expect Adhesives & Plasticizers will deliver strong earnings growth for the year. Now to Advanced Materials on Slide 7, which is delivering on all elements of their strategy, volume growth, mix improvement and fixed cost leverage. Sales revenue increased due to higher sales volume and mix improvement across the segment and sales of products of the acquired performance film business. This strong volume growth was partially offset by lower selling prices primarily for copolyesters due to lower raw material and energy cost and unfavorable exchange rates. One other point on second quarter volumes, during our first quarter call we said destocking in the early part of the first quarter had subsided by March and that we were seeing momentum heading into the second quarter. We believe restocking in the second quarter was a contributor to the strong volume growth. Earnings for the quarter were record primarily due to high sales volume and improved product mix especially for Eastman Tritan copolyesters and interlayers for Acoustics properties. Operating earnings also benefited from improved margins reflecting our value proposition, the benefits of fixed cost leverage and earnings from acquired businesses. These items were partially offset by unfavorable shift of foreign exchange rates.  On the full year outlook for Advanced Materials, they delivered an outstanding first half of the year. We think you should look at the first two quarters together with the first quarter somewhat lower than it otherwise would have been due to destocking and the timing for lower cost flow of goods through the inventory. The second quarter was stronger impart due to restocking and the flow through of lower raw material costs. For the back half of the year, underlying business performance should remain very solid. We expect to continue to have year-over-year volume growth and mix improvement. However, it is typical for volumes to be seasonally slower in the back half of the year and we expect that again this year. And raw material and energy cost are expected to increase moderately in the back half of the year. With all that said, Advanced Materials is positioned for very strong earnings growth in 2015, which should give them momentum heading into 2016. Now Fibers on Slide 8, second quarter revenue volume and earnings were about as expected up slightly compared to the first quarter and down year-over-year. We attribute the decline in revenue in earnings year-over-year to inventory destocking as we previously discussed. Despite the decline in volume, operating margins held at 31%. On our full year outlook, we continue to expect acetate tow volumes will increase in the second half of the year. Based on orders under books and discussions with our customers, were expecting tow volumes will be about 20% higher in the second half of the year compared with the first half. And we will continue to benefit from the action we took earlier this year to reduce cost by shutting out our U.K. acetate tow plan. Taken together, were pretty much on track with our previous guidance albeit maybe slightly lower today than we thought back in April. Ill finish the segment review with specialty fluids and intermediates on Slide 9. Sales revenue increased due to sales of products of acquired businesses, partially offset by lower selling prices particularly for olefin-based intermediates. Operating earnings decreased due to earnings from the acquired businesses, been more than offset by the impact of propane hedges. Looking at the full year, we have a number of factors impacting results. We expect to continue to benefit from volume growth and earnings in acquired businesses. Sales volume for the Heritage Eastman business is expected to be about flat as solid end market demand is offset by increasing internal uses of intermediates for both Taminco businesses and growth in Heritage Eastman business, as well as lower polymer intermediate volumes. And we continue to project propylene and ethylene prices to remain low for the back half of the year, negatively impacting olefin margins. We also expect the impact of the propane hedges to be significant for this segment for the balance of the year, as the cost of the hedge flows through inventories. We therefore expect overall earnings in 2015 to be somewhat lower than 2014 earnings. On Slide 10, our transition to an overview of our cash flow and other financial highlights for second quarter. We continue to do an excellent job of generating cash with second quarter operating cash flow of $591 million. Net earnings were solid and we continue to be disciplined with working capital. Its probably also important to note here that we had nominal income tax payments and no contributions to our U.S. pension plans in the quarter. These payments will be more heavily weighted to the second half of 2015. We generated $450 million of free cash flow for the quarter, capital expenditures totaled $141 million and were on track for full year capital expenditures of between $700 million and $725 million. As our underlying capital schedules are also weighted to the second half of the year. And our second quarter dividend was $60 million and our effective tax rate for the second quarter was just over 27%. We continue to expect our full year tax rate will be between 26% and 27% reflecting the continued benefits of our improvement in business operations and also reflecting our expectations that our friends in D.C. will sign the tax extenders, including the R&D tax credit and accelerated appreciation into law before the end of the year. Given our outstanding first half, were on track for excellent financial performance in 2015. And with that, Ill turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Costa : Thanks Curt. Before I get into our outlook statement, I want to reflect on the progress weve made in improving our portfolio. On Slide 11, youll see four key financial metrics that demonstrate the strength of our performance over the last five years. Top left, we've had very steady and improving adjusted EBITDA margins over the last five years which demonstrates both the quality and stability of our portfolio. Top right, our EPS CAGR had 18% over the last five years is also industry leading and demonstrates the value of our diversified portfolio or our acquisitions and our ability to focus on delivering results. Bottom left, our free cash flow yield from 2014 was also industry leading and demonstrates a quality of our portfolio and the value of our advantage cost positions derived from our large scale integrated assets. And bottom right, of the last five years we have generated an industry leading 23% compounded total shareholder return creating outperforming value for those shareholders who have owned us. And the first half of this year continues this trend of strong performance in margins, earnings and cash flow. And that leads to our 2015 outlook on Page 12. We are off to a great start to the year with our first half results, setting a record for the quarter and for the first half of the year. As I have mentioned this performance is a result of excellent growth by our specialty businesses. In particular our high growth innovative products are driving mix improvement which contributes to our strong margins. And we also expect demand recovery in tow and our Fibers business. We are also seeing attractive accretion for Taminco in the bolt-on acquisitions. And relentless cost management is also contributing to our strong performance. We expect the momentum from these factors will continue into the second half of the year. We also expect to face challenges. Global economy continues to be slow, raw material and energy costs are an increasing challenge, current movements in oil and olefin prices are good example and the U.S. dollars continue to strengthen. In this less than ideal business climate, we remain focused on what we can control which is executing our strategy to deliver results. Weve done a good job in the first half of the year staying focused and Im very confident that we will maintain our focus in the back half of the year. When you net the positive momentum and the challenges together, we expect to hold on to the gains of the first half and we expect second half earnings to be similar to last year. As a result, we are confident that 2015 will represent the sixth consecutive year of solid earnings growth for Eastman and that as a track record we are going to build on going forward. Turning next to capital allocation on Slide 13. This chart shows our expectations for cash generation from 2015 through 2017. We had a very strong operating cash in the quarter and we expect this will continue given the quality of our businesses. While we are generating significant operating cash flow, we are also making meaningful investments in organic growth initiatives such as Tritan, Crystex and PVB interlayers. When you subtract the CapEx from the operating cash, the results in very strong free cash flow that we expect will still be above $900 million for 2015. And we expect that our cash generation will increase in the coming years, so that for the period of 2015 to 2017 we will generate greater than $3 billion of free cash flow. In a short term, our first priority for this cash will be repaying approximately $1 billion of debt, that finance to Taminco acquisition. Through the first half of this year, net debt declined by $280 million. By the second half of 2016, we should bring our metrics back inline to an investment grade credit rating to the combination of paying down debt and growing EBITDA. We will continue to fully deploy our balance sheet in a disciplined and balanced manner. Beyond delevering, we have increased our dividend 4x in the last four years and over this time, the dividend has almost doubled from an already attractive level. And is reasonable for investors to expect that dividend will continue to grow as earnings grow. As you do the math, you will see that we still have significant free cash flow after delevering the dividend payments. While we are very excited about the value we are creating from our acquisitions, we do not expect to complete any large acquisitions through 2017. We have been very disciplined in our acquisitions with the focus on generating attractive returns on capital, earnings growth and further enhancing the quality of our cash flow. However, I believe the transaction multiples are getting too high, making it more difficult for our acquisitions to meet our financial return expectations. More importantly, we are very focused on delivering results from our specialty portfolio as a robust set of growth platforms and successfully integrating and driving results from our recent acquisitions. Therefore you should expect cash will be fully deployed in an increasing dividend and share repurchases. Of course we will remain open to bolt-on acquisitions if they are very attractive and have a strong fit with our existing businesses. Over the last five years, we've been very disciplined and balanced in our capital allocation decisions as we grow the company and generate optimal returns. That balance and discipline will continue going forward. I'll close on Slide 14, with how we're doing so far on the key things for 2015, These are the same as we shared in January and you heard us emphasize each throughout this presentation today. We are delivering on what we set out for ourselves in 2015. Our performance is outstanding in our dynamic business environment on a range to key metrics we are delivering great results. Our EBITDA margins demonstrate that we have a robust portfolio of attractive specialty businesses with limited commodity exposure and advantage cost positions. We are on track for our sixth consecutive year of solid earnings growth and for free cap would exceed $900 million, something that only a very small percentage of S&P 500 companies have been able to do in the last 10 years. We continue to make progress, driving growth in our specialties, improving product mix with high growth of our innovative high margin products, and our acquisitions are on track for creating value. And we maintain our commitment to fully deploy our balance sheet in disciplined and balanced manner, and this discipline the next year means, returning a very strong free cash flow to shareholders. We've got a great strategy, a great portfolio businesses and simply an outstanding group of employees that continue to execute. Im very confident in our ability to continue creating value for all of our stakeholders. Thank you for joining us this morning. I look forward to your questions. And with that, I will turn it over to Greg.
Gregory Riddle: Okay. Thanks Mark. Weve got a lot of people on the line this morning and I'd like to get to as many questions as possible. So please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. With that, Christine, were ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And well go to David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: First on Fibers, your volumes were down little bit more than they were down in Q1, while your competitors showed a little bit slower volume decline. Why didn't your volume growth decline slow in Q2 versus Q1 at least year-over-year?
Mark Costa: On the Fibers business, volumes played out exactly as we expected from the beginning of the year. So with our customers who have a slightly different mix since our competitors, so you really shouldnt compare us to them. We expected this kind of volume through the second quarter and we are very encouraged to see the volume come back by about 20% into the second half of the year versus the first half of the year. So, I think that what we see is exactly on track to what we expected on that recovery and the destocking seems to be abating.
David Begleiter: Very good. And just on Advanced Materials phenomenal quarter, any sense to how much you may have over earned in Q2 versus on normalized run rate given the restock and the lower PX cost?
Mark Costa: First of all Advanced Materials just had a stellar first half of the year and we're incredibly proud of all the innovation effort of employees in that group delivering on a series of investments we've been making for years. And as we said, in the first half of the year we saw volume be a bit slower than we would have liked in the first quarter and we knew that was destocking as we are debating a lot of prices with our customers, and once we got that result we saw the volume come back. So you do have a bit of destocking, restocking event in that second quarter. But I really do think as Curt mentioned in the prepared remarks, the first half of the year when you combine it together, is a good way to look at the performance of this business which was just outstanding and it's also important to keep in mind when you look at the volume growth of this business, Curt mentioned in the first quarter call that, we had shifted acetate from Advanced Materials to additives and functional products. So the volume growth is actually even a bit stronger in the second quarter than in the first half then you see by about two percentage points in Advanced Materials and as you look at AFT about two percentage points less because thats a fairly low margin product, so thats really affecting volume more than it is profit. So when you look at all that it comes together as a great first half of the year. That product mix and strength of volume growth on a year-over-year basis, we see continuing to the second half of the year but it is very important to keep in mind what Curt said, which is the seasonal business so demand will seasonally come off in the second half of the year versus the first. So if you look at history over this business and how it has performed first half, second half, I think that's a reasonable expectation here.
David Begleiter: Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Duffy Fischer with Barclays.
Duffy Fischer: Good morning. Another quick question on tow. Very good margins in the first half given the volume the decline, can you roughly quantify what the overhead absorption was on kind of a down 20% volume number?
Curtis Espeland: Well, we look at all the moving parts Duffy, so we don't really break out that individual piece, but I would keep in mind that even if there is some fixed costs absorption this business had, we are able to compensate for some of that with the actions we took with our shutdown of our U.K. working team facility. So as a whole, we've always said this business is doing well and we expect it to continue to have operating margins growing 30%.
Duffy Fischer: Fair enough. And then I think you referenced on pensions that we should expect a little more cash outflow in the back half of the year, roughly how much are you targeting?
Curtis Espeland: For the U.S. to find benefit plans, our expectations will contribute about $100 million, and that will all be in the second half of this year.
Duffy Fischer: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar: The Ag commentary has been generally quite weak from all the Ag chemical producers, which are euro Taminco's customers. So, can you just discuss Taminco's Ag outlook?
Mark Costa: Sure, Taminco, had a very good second quarter. We had solid volume growth both in the functional means that go into the row crops, as well as a nice performance in our crop protection business, which goes into the more perishable, fruits, vegetables, and flowers. As we look at the rest of the year, we expect volume to remain solid in the crop protection business. On the functional means part of that business, we expect the volumes to come off a bit, consistent with industry. It's very important to keep in mind though that the row crop business, corn and soybean that everyone else is talking about in their earnings release, is only 10% of the revenue of Taminco. So it's not a significant driver of the overall earnings portfolio and its actually done quite well in the first half of the year. So it's not that significant for us. The great thing about Taminco is like Eastman. We have a very diversified portfolio of end markets from the egg, the food, feed egg, exposure as well as the water treatment, personal care, and other industries. And so, you're not really tied to any one market too much. And I think that's what's robust about their portfolio, and I think that's robust about Eastman's portfolio, where we don't have any end market more than 15% of our total revenue. And in this sort of volatile economic times that gives a lot of diversity and strength to be consistent in our earnings.
P.J. Juvekar: Great. Thank you for that. And then can you discuss the outlook for some of your propylene derivatives like Oxo's. Given your hedges that are in place, how do you see the derivative pricing playing out in the second half? Thank you.
Mark Costa: Sure. I think it's always a spectrum of specialties to the commodities, so the specialty side of our olefin derivatives, whether it's [axonal] [ph] and ketones that we sell in Additives & Functional Products or few of the other products that we have. We're going to maintain good price discipline and hold on to a lot of value relative to raws. Special positions will also have some durability in that, and the commodity is obviously going to follow prices down. So in general, I think we've done a great job of holding onto values especially in AFP to some of that value to offset the hedge costs and the currency headwinds that that segment has, same thing to some degree in the Plasticizers business. And then obviously SFI's follow propylene down a little bit more quickly given the nature of their products. They've done a great job actually in holding on to value in the first half of the year, but as we look at the second half of the year, those prices are going to catch up to the propylene and ethylene prices that they are associated with.
Gregory Riddle: We'll move onto our next question please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Thanks, and good morning, everyone. Question here you referenced good coatings volume, and we've seen so far that it's sort of a weak environment for the downstream coatings customers. So, what do you attribute the strength in your volume to, and was that a restocking or how should we think about it?
Mark Costa: Good morning, Vincent. What we saw is a good sequential improvement from first quarter to second quarter as similar to Advanced Materials, you had some of the sort of destocking events play themselves out in the first quarter. About your volume growth on a year-over-year basis, when you look at coatings, is very consistent with our downstream customers. So you're seeing 3% to 4% kind of volume growth. Remember that adjustment I just gave you around acetate, we got to take about 2% out of the AFP segment. And then tires was obviously a little bit less than that. So good solid volume growth but I wouldn't call it strong, this whole coatings season hasn't really played out as anyone hoped.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And just as a follow-up, the non-hydrogenated resin raw materials and then the lack of availability, can you remind us what's that all about and how that's going to evolve over the back half?
Mark Costa: Sure, a trend has been going on since 2010 that can expect the Shale gas and the driving of cracker feed slate and refinery feed slate to lighter and lighter feed stocks. Because what we basically do is take C5 and C9 resin oil that is a byproduct of those crackers, and upgrade them into resins. So as these feed stocks slates have been moving lighter, you have limited availability of those raw materials to turn into tackifying resins. And we saw demand continue to be strong and grow from packaging through hygiene and some other applications and then you continue to have limited raw material availability and that created the constraint as relatively tight that's given us some pricing power. We do expect some of that to sort of dissipate a little bit in the non-hydrogen resins refining more raw material availability as we're able to pursue more growth, of course that will also reduce some of the tightness in the marketplace.
-:
Vincent Andrews: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Aleksey Yefremov with Nomura Securities.
Aleksey Yefremov: Good morning, thank you. In your Fibers business, is it fair to say that that margin should improve in the second half because of higher volumes?
Mark Costa: Certainly we'll see some improvement in asset and capacity utilization rights as we go into the second half, but I wouldn't call it material. We try and run our plans on a fairly even basis in the business like this, we knew that the restocking was going to come and improvement in demand, and so we've been pretty steady on that. So I think that the margins should stay pretty similar.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thank you. Now in Advanced Materials, just a bit a longer-term question, where are you in adoption cycle for both new interlayers product and for Tritan how do you expect those volumes to keep growing in 2016?
Mark Costa: We expect very strong growth in those products going into 2016, as well as many other products in Advanced Materials. So on Tritan, this is our BPA-free plastic that's an alternative polycarbonate for all types of houseware applications and medical applications and there is a very large addressable market in front of us where we have plenty of room to grow and that's why we have done the debottleneck on that asset as well as have another capacity expansion planned. Interlayers is another great story, we've seen tremendous double-digit growth in the acoustic interlayers which is a very high value product that we sell that requires a cabin in the car or allows you to lightweight the glass in the car to improve the fuel efficiency. And not only are we seeing good adoption from luxury down into mid-level cars, we're also gaining more square meters per car because people are starting to use acoustics on the windshields and the sunroof, I mean beyond the windshields into the side lamps and into the sunroofs. So, real estate is increasing, the number of model is increasing, it's just a great story. I would also highlight other things going on in Advanced Materials. So we have some new display products are going to mobile devices showing tremendous growth and very high margins and performance homes business had a good first half of the year and I expect it to have a very good year, next year as well.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo.
Frank Mitsch: Good morning guys and congratulations on a record quarter. I was planning on burning up my question to Curt, asking who his friends were in DC, but I'll save that for another time. I want to talk about cash flows over the next couple of years. You are projecting over $900 million free cash flow this year and according to the chart it looks similar next year, let's call it $2 billion over the next two years. You're going to spend a billion on debt paydown, you're going to spend $400 million on dividend, youre talking about maybe $100 million on pension, and based on your commentary regarding M&A and the non-likelihood of that occurring and certainly nothing of a larger order of magnitude, that essentially leaves $0.5 billion on share buybacks for the next two years, am I interpreting that correctly?
Curtis Espeland: Frank, this is Curt. So first of all on the math, you see that trajectory that has both improved operating earnings and as we look at our Investor Day, back if you recall we also expected our capital expenditures to moderate into 2017 over 2015 and 2016. As it relates to your math, of what free cash flow remains after we finish deleveraging and paying our dividends, I would say, yes, there is a good healthy nearly $1 billion available in general terms but free cash flow to deploy, and as we've said before, we expect our balance sheet to be fully deployed during this time period.
Frank Mitsch: All right, terrific. Thank you so much. And I just want to get an update in terms of the 2015 headwinds, I believe you said in a not too distant past that you thought the propane hedges were $0.40 to $0.60 of headwinds, FX was $0.25 of headwind and fiber destock was $0.20. Do you have any update on those three metrics?
Curtis Espeland: Well let me update you on the first two and fibers I think is generally consistent with our expectation maybe a little worse, but generally speaking pretty close to our expectation. If you think about the impact of producing versus purchasing olefins, we've talked about that last about being roughly around $0.60 a share. The short answer to that question is, there has not been a material change to that, but I can't resist always remind people what is considered into that $0.60 a share. So recall, we purchase - we produced about 55% of the propylene we need, we purchased the rest and we consume half of the ethylene we produced et cetera. So you know those aspects. On a cash flow itself, the cash flow hedges were about two-third hedge of this year and just over 50% next year. Cracking spreads are expected to compress in the second half of the year given that continued volatility in olefins that Mark talked about. In addition just don't forget the hedges that are going to weighted more second half of the year as it flows to the inventory. So we are trying to mitigate this through various operating activities, as well as the advanced feedstock mix where we are now 70% propane. And then finally again I would think about the concept of cracking spreads is theoretical for us because the vast majority of the olefins are kind of sold through derivative. So, if I think about the impact, the hedge impact can be a little greater in the third quarter than the fourth quarter through that flow through, but at the same talk in the guides they are still going to try all they can to hold on to pricing. So well see how this plays out. We continue to see volatility in olefins, but well just have to try to say as nimble as possible as they try to keep that impact to roughly that $0.60 a share. On currency, last we talked about that. We talked predominantly just specifically the Euro and we said that was going to be roughly $0.30 a share impact that remains the same albeit we are facing a little bit more currency headwinds just from some of the other basket of currencies we deal with. And so for example just in second quarter our currency headwind is $30 million alone. So the $0.30 per share impact for the year over euro is about the same. We are facing a little bit more headwind just because of the other currencies that have been the value against the dollar.
Mark Costa: Specifically the Yen is the one thats driving to other challenges.
Frank Mitsch: Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nils Wallin with CLSA.
Nils Wallin: Good morning and thanks for taking my question. On Advanced Materials very impressive incremental margin, would you help us understand all the different elements that went into that, was there a mix obviously your profitability had a great result compared to the revenue growth?
Mark Costa: Sure. So this story is consistent with what we have been talking about this business since 2012. There are three elements. There is volume growth, there is mix, and there is fixed cost leverage. We have made a lot of investments in this business both organically, as well as several of the acquisition sitting in this business. And as a result, you have a great EBITDA margin in this business when you look pass the DA, it's very high variable margin. So when you deliver volume and then significantly improve mix because the products are growing at the double digit rate within this segment like Tritan, like acoustic interlayers, parts of the performance films business in North America and China, you have tremendous variable margin that drops the bottom line because of the fixed cost leverage. So its really a win in all three funds showing what this business can do.
Nils Wallin: Got it. And then on Fibers, was there any sort of transactional benefits from currency in that business for the quarter?
Mark Costa: Fibers have some exposure to the currency, but its modest relative to the overall profitability of that business.
Nils Wallin: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Sheehan with SunTrust.
James Sheehan: Thank you. Could you talk about what youre seeing in terms of tire demand globally and update us on your Crystex business?
Curtis E. Espeland: So the tire demand situation is pretty - in our view is probably pretty consistent with global tire companies. North American U.S. tire demand has been quite solid and good growth for us, its been offset by challenges in China. There is clearly two things going on in China. One is their own economy has slowed down thats reduced the amount of tires, and you have to remember Crystex is highly leveraged to commercial tires. So that is a challenge in China and plus the Chinese are facing significant challenges in exporting products out of China to the U.S. due to tariffs as well as currency is not helping them when they are trying to go to Europe. So that market is very challenged on that front. Thats been a challenge all year along and so we already embedded in our record earnings in the first half of the year, as well as our outlook. I think thats going to continue this way. I think the destocking in China thats going on should play itself out this year.
James Sheehan: And I am not sure if I caught this correct. But could you just quantify what your spread benefit was in the second quarter in SFI?
Curtis Espeland: Well we don't quantify, when you say spread in SFI we dont think of it in those terms, Jim. When we look at the $0.60 per share, that is pretty much a full year outlook then it does that impact of producing versus purchasing olefins, a fair bit of that does show up - almost roughly two-thirds.
Mark Costa: It's important to keep in mind when we talk about that $0.60 Curt said something, which is, it is a theoretical spread. It's not actual earnings. Right, so that is - if we are selling propylene and ethylene into the marketplace and while we do sell some ethylene in marketplace, we dont sell any propylene or half of the ethylene, we turn that into divertive products, but have their own pricing dynamics and in many cases those prices are not falling as fast as propylene and ethylene. So the headwind for us is being offset by great work by our frontline teams out there holding on to value in the marketplace.
James Sheehan: All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: Good morning. Is the Texas railroad decision finalized now and if so, did Westlake appeal it?
Mark Costa: John, the disputes continue. The Westlake, the Texas railroad commission has had a room, but that is being contested by Westlake. Nothing really more to update you there other than what I liked is our legal team and the efforts we have because every time we have faced these challenges our team has own. But it's just going to take time to work its course.
John Roberts: Okay. And then in the Advanced Materials, and the Adhesives & Plasticizers where you get a lot lower Para xylene cost I imagine, and also in plasticizers probably a lot of aromatics here as well. Can you hold on to that for an intermediate period of time, will it be multiple quarters before you might have to either respect some products where customers might want lower costs or pass that through?
Mark Costa: Sure John. Advanced Materials the PX has been a nice tailwind, but the vast majority of the earnings were generating Advanced Materials has been through volume and mix. We certainly are benefiting from a nice Para xylene tailwind on that segment, that's giving us some of the earnings there, as prices are little bit sticky and how they follow PX down but a lot of that will play out through the year. And so I think that there is some of that could be headwind into '16. But as I look at that segment going into next year, the volume and mix momentum is superior to some of that spread expansion. So we will be able to carry earnings growth into next year.  Adhesives & Plasticizers we certainly have seen some benefits also from PX as it gets turned into DMT for making the plasticizers. But the margin compression of that industry due to aging competition has been pushing prices down pretty quickly with raw materials. So there is no margin expansion in the Adhesives & Plasticizers segment due to plasticizers. That is just the volume mix upgrade story of selling more North American plasticizers, non-phthalate plasticizers, which is more attractive based on our advantage cost position then selling in Europe and U.S. So that's not really a contributing factor to the margin improvement on A&P.
John Roberts: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Bob Koort: Thanks, good morning. You guys have mentioned some success in raw materials following quicker than product prices. I'm just wondering is the flow through of your hedges and lower market prices for some of these raw relative to your product price, do you think that spreads overall for the company improves, declines, what you see happening sequentially into the second half?
Mark Costa: In the second half of the year I think that  when you look at the olefin spread, like I said earlier on SFI side I think the margins are going to compress with propylene pricing coming off and obviously the hedge is fixed. So you can see some compression there and the majority of the propylene hedge goes into SFI. Youll see some of that also flow into AFP and to a lesser extent to A&P. So that will certainly be a factor going into the second half of the year. There is a lot of other great things going on in volume and mix and holding onto prices some especially that helps offset some of the headwind, but its certainly a factor.
Bob Koort: Would you say that there is something, Im guessing you would, but unique to your own portfolio I mean its pretty remarkable if you got absorbed that hedge that youve been able to see some margin benefit I guess maybe in some of the other segments. But I would have expected maybe the market competitors who don't have that hedge issue to be a little bit more aggressive. So theres something about the end markets, have been a little bit more disciplined around pricing or is it just your own product mix is unique and you do have a few problem parts where that hedge is really dingy or how should we think about that?
Mark Costa: First of all I think we do have a fairly unique product mix in some places especially our specialties that we make - that are olefin derived are very unique to us where we have very strong market leadership and market positions. And so we're in a good position to fight and hold onto value. I think weve got great teams that have spend a lot of time focusing on how to create value and find value in the marketplace. And its also important to keep in mind that, the way we're creating value right now is a little bit different than the average olefin player. So we're very North American focused in our olefins position and so were not benefiting at all from the outage driven tightness in Europe that's driving a lot of earnings up. So that sort of not in our numbers and therefore not a headwind when those outages get removed. And then in North America as youve noted, we certainly have spent a lot of time trying to get into more attractive end markets and segments with our olefins because we can be given our smaller size in olefins be very more - make sure that I think thats been quite helpful. But even there, we're not really expanding margins this year, because of the hedges you've noted, which I would certainly prefer to have the earnings and cash without the hedges this year. But it does also help us out when we go into 2016 where we're not going to have as much of - that much of a headwind as we go into 2016, because of the hedge.
Bob Koort: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Sison with KeyBanc.
Mike Sison: Good morning guys, nice quarter. In terms of your outlook for the second half, you did a nice job growing your earnings in the first half, I think you mentioned flattish year-over-year growth in the second half. So, any particular reason that the second half is going to be more difficult to grow on the second half and maybe point out some areas of concern and maybe some areas of potential upside?
Mark Costa: Sure. On the upside I think we continue to see good year-over-year volume and mix improvement over the second half of last year in the specialty businesses. And we expect that to continue to drive growth. We expect the acquisitions of course to continue to provide attractive earnings accretion and that we're happy about the recovery in volumes in tow. But as we clearly guided, those positive momentums do get eroded as these propylene prices and ethylene prices create some challenge for us relative to our hedge, as well as currency being a challenge as we go into the second half of the year. So we netted altogether and you see a little bit of slowdown in the economy effecting volume growth rates been a comparative what we would have  what we experienced in the first half of the year. But I think and to be clear on the economy, that's really a global economy point I want to make. From our point of view China is not that big of a deal. China is only about 10% of our revenue in total for the company including fibers and its important when you're thinking about Eastman thats not a real driver for how were going to move forward. Were very focused on only specialties in China, we don't sell any commodities there. Were very focused on consumer durables not infrastructure. And in a way, two of our biggest products going into China which is fibers and additives into tires which are pretty high margin. Weve already basically embedded the China economic slowdown in our current earnings for this year. And so that part isn't really a big driving factor for us, but the overall economy is obviously not growing nearly as fast as we would have liked.
Curtis Espeland: And Mark if I could add, just if I think about some of the volatility we faced, you've seen some volatility just in recent in olefin prices specifically propane and propylene so we're going to have to see how those play out. The hedge does offset some of that impact, but the hedge in the second half of the year will be about $30 million higher impact than it was in the first half of the year so that's weighing in our results as well.
Mike Sison: Okay, great thanks. And then a quick question in Additives & Functional Products. I think you mentioned Heritage Eastman would kind of be flat year-over-year in 2015 versus 2014. If you were able to sort of look at the heritage business on a constant currency basis and less the propane hedges. What type of growth do you think the inherent businesses are generating?
Curtis Espeland: Very solid earnings growth, you'd see the number to be quite a bit higher, Im not going to talk about it from a AFP point of view. But if you actually look at on a corporate point of view and you exclude both the benefits of a currency hedges and headwinds of the propane hedges, wed be $0.50 a share higher as a company this year and that really gives you a great demonstration of the quality of our specialty portfolio and the quality of these businesses, and our market positions, we're very niche focused which is a huge advantage in times like this in how we maintain attractive market structures. And so the business is doing great, before you get to financial hedging and AFP would certainly be better as part of that.
Mike Sison: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies Financial.
Laurence Alexander: Good morning. Two quick ones, if you look at your specialty businesses are there any end markets where you feel you have a good line of sight to acceleration over the next two to four quarters?
Mark Costa: I think that - Im not sure I would frame it as acceleration, but I think weve got a great position to maintain great momentum. So weve had great year-over-year growth in our specialties and our volumes and our mix especially in Advanced Materials of course. We expect to sort of keep that momentum going in the second half of this year. And as I think about 2016, I think that those specialty businesses position us quite well to deliver earnings growth in 2016 over 2015. So, we'll have a great momentum from those specialty businesses, well continue to have good accretion from the cost synergies flowing in through the acquisitions, and all that gives us some great momentum and a lot of the headwinds that we have this year will neutralize as you go into 2016 and then I think that position us really well to sort of keep earnings going and offset. I think all chemical companies are benefiting to some degree from prices being sticky to rise and have some spud expansion in earnings this year. I think ours is relatively limited for some of the points Ive already made in this call. And so when you net it all together, I think that momentum is what gives us confidence so we can keep growing earnings for a seventh consecutive year into 2016.
Laurence Alexander: And then as if this choppy environment continues for the next three to four years, is there any shift in your thinking about your degree of balance sheet leverage?
Curtis Espeland: No, I think our balance sheet leverage were guided by our investment grade credit rating and that would continue to be our guiding as we make strategic choices. What I have to say on cap allocation as Mark talked about, if were facing this choppy market and that extra free cash flow that we have towards the back end of the three or time period, is in absence of attractive M&A were going to be repurchasing shares and returning cash to shareholders.
Laurence Alexander: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: Hi, good morning. There was $145 million cash inflow from other and from first statement what was that?
Curtis Espeland: Jeff those were couple, there's various miscellaneous items in that line item. One example for example is just our current tax accounts. Since our payments were nominal, we're basically building a current tax payable in the first half of the year particularly in the second quarter and then not to get elevated in the second half of year most tax payments getting there. Also impacting that is just the timing of crude salaries and the settlement of hedges. So I think youll see that line item that kind of helped us in the second quarter will moderate in reverse to second half of the year.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay. And in the quarter, the prices at for the company as a whole was negative six, and I think for the six  was negative seven, and I think for the six months was negative six. How much did your raw materials fall, like if you had to do a comparable percentage change?
Curtis Espeland: I dont know if I have a percentage Jeff, but when I look in absolute dollars all-in, our raw materials declined about $220 million in the second quarter and about $180 million in the first quarter.
Jeff Zekauskas: Im sorry how much in the first?
Curtis Espeland : $180 million in the first quarter.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session for today. At this time I'd now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Greg Riddle for any closing comments or remarks.
Gregory Riddle: Okay. Thanks, again everyone, for joining us this morning. There will be a Web replay and a replay in downloadable MP3 format available on our website later this morning. Hope you have a great day.
Operator: That concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-01 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory A. Riddle - Vice President, Investor Relations Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Kevin W. McCarthy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey John E. Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Ryan L. Berney - Goldman Sachs & Co. Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC Daniel Rizzo - Jefferies LLC Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Nils-Bertil Wallin - CLSA Americas LLC
Operator: Please stand by we're about to begin. Good day, everyone and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on Eastman's website, www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory A. Riddle - Vice President, Investor Relations: Okay. Thank you, Mara, and good morning, everyone, and thanks very much for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Chairman and CEO; Curt Espeland, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Louis Reavis, Manager of Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's first quarter 2015 financial results news release, and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for 2014 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for first quarter 2015. Second, earnings per share, operating earnings and EBITDA referenced in this presentation exclude certain non-core or non-recurring costs, charges and gains. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures, including a description of excluded items, are available in the first quarter 2015 financial results news release and in the Appendix to the slides that accompany our remarks this morning, both of which can be found on our website, www.eastman.com in the Investor Section. Projections of future earnings in the presentation also exclude such items as described in the first quarter financial results news release. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, everyone. It's a beautiful day in Kingsport. We're putting another tough winter behind us and we can see everything blooming. I'll start on page three. We had a strong start to the year with our first quarter results. We've made solid progress in executing our strategy to become the leading specialty chemical company. This progress is the result of a number of actions we have taken to upgrade the quality of our portfolio. Today, we have a portfolio of world-class technology platforms we are leveraging to be a market leader, an innovation leader and a cost leader. In our first quarter, EPS increased 14% year-over-year, and our first quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 24%, which ranks in the top quartile among our chemical peers. We did a great job of holding on to value for the first-quarter as we increased our operating margin by 120 basis points to almost 18%. This also reflects our continued ability to upgrade the quality of our product mix by growing high-margin specialty product lines. We're also doing a good job of creating value in both earnings and cash flow from our acquisitions, including Taminco and Commonwealth. Disciplined cost management has also been a focus, and we're doing an excellent job as we hold costs flat via productivity efforts while, at the same time, shifting more resources to our innovation efforts. Our SGA as a percentage of sales is in the lower quartile of our peers, which is a function of our scale and integration and the great discipline of our employees. We've also made good progress in reducing manufacturing costs. Productivity is in the DNA of Eastman. Beyond the numbers, we've also been a recipient of numerous awards over the past several months that highlight many of the qualities our stakeholders have come to expect from Eastman. We are  for the second consecutive year, we're the Glassdoor Employees' Choice Award, honoring the best places to work. What I value most about this award is that it's based solely on the input of employees. We were also recognized for outstanding corporate ethics and corporate responsibility with awards from both Ethisphere and Corporate Responsibility Magazine. And we are recognized by the EPA as an ENERGY STAR Sustained Excellence Partner of the Year, becoming the only chemical company to have received this recognition for four consecutive years. Our excellent first quarter results and the recognition we are receiving are a direct result from the great work being done by all of our Eastman employees. I'll now move to slide four. I want to emphasize the great progress we're making in delivering strong growth in our innovative specialty products, which is a key driver of earnings growth this year and in the long term. At our Investor Day, we described that a key element of our strategy was improving our product mix by growing our high-margin specialty products, and by not growing or investing in our commodities, a strategy that is differentiated from many of our peers. We're very much on track with this strategy. For this year, we expect strong growth in a number of products across advanced materials, additives and functional products and adhesives and plasticizers. We have several growth programs delivering results now. For example, we expect record volumes in Saflex window interlayers this year driven by auto market adoption of laminated glass in side windows and a much higher use of acoustics. We had strong growth in North America and China performance films including our new paint protection film from our Commonwealth acquisition. High growth in our tackifying resins in tires as a performance additive to improve traction and high growth in our differentiated hydrogenated tackifying resins, especially in hygiene markets. We also see another wave of specialty product growth coming. For example, new differentiated polyesters for a wide range of coatings and AFP, leveraging our proprietary monomer that has enabled our Tritan success in thermoplastics. Next generation of Crystex that will enable a 20% to 30% improvement in our costs and a more differentiated product set, and microfibers in both non-woven and woven applications. Bottom line, we are walking the talk to transform our portfolio to a set of high-quality specialty businesses. On slide five, we have provided an update on the Taminco acquisition as this is the first quarter results as part of Eastman. I'm pleased with the solid performance of this business that was in line with our expectations. Volume was driven by good growth in the home and personal care and water treatment markets, as well as the benefit of the Taminco formic acid acquisition, which demonstrates the diversity of markets in which our Taminco businesses participate. In our high-margin crop protection business, which goes into perishable, high-value fruit, vegetables and flowers, we realized a stronger-than-expected performance in Europe and North America. And functional amines, which go into herbicides for row crops, we saw some decline in demand in the first quarter as expected. And sequentially, we're seeing improved demand across a number of fronts. We expect the overall Taminco margins to remain stable due to the quality of their market positions and high level of cost pass-through contracts. On synergies, we remain on track. We're seeing good opportunities in procurement, operational capabilities and supply chain optimization and are aggressively working these. Although we are still in early days, we've already had some operational improvement successes in combining Eastman's deep fundamental operational expertise from our large integrated sites with Taminco's amine manufacturing expertise, resulting in higher capacity utilization rates in several Taminco sites. We're also very encouraged about Taminco's product development pipeline and see opportunities to help them accelerate their success, similar to what we have done at the solution businesses. We continue to expect synergies of approximately $60 million over the next couple of years. One of the key elements of a successful acquisition is retention of key talent, and we're doing very well in this area. I've been very pleased with the engagement of the Taminco team in the success of the combination of Eastman and Taminco. On a full-year basis, we expect volume growth to be greater than GDP for all of Taminco, and earnings accretion on track with our expectations of greater than $0.35 per share in 2015 and greater than $0.60 per share in 2016. Given the strategic fit of Taminco and Eastman, the consistency of their earnings growth in a variety of business climates and the strength of their cash flow, we remain very pleased to have Taminco as part of the Eastman portfolio. Now, I'll turn it over to Curt to discuss the corporate and segment results.
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with our first quarter results on slide six. Overall sales revenue increased primarily due to revenue from the businesses we acquired in 2014. This was partially offset by lower selling prices, which largely reflected lower raw material and energy costs, and, to a lesser extent, foreign exchange rates. Our operating earnings increased as we largely were able to hold on to value in the quarter, reflecting the specialty and special position nature of a significant portion of our portfolio. Earnings from acquired businesses were also key contributors. These were partially offset by lower earnings in our fiber segment, an unfavorable shift in foreign exchange rates and propane hedges that we discussed previously. As Mark mentioned, our operating margin increased by 120 basis points, which is an excellent result despite difficult business conditions. Earnings per share increased 14% year-over-year primarily reflecting higher earnings and lower share count; overall, a very strong quarter where we delivered earnings growth. Moving next to the segment results, starting with Additives & Functional Products on slide seven. Revenue increased due to sales of the acquired Taminco businesses, partially offset by lower selling prices due to lower raw material and energy costs. Operating earnings increased due to earnings from acquired businesses, partially offset by the impact of currency and propane hedges. As we look at second quarter, we expect strong volume growth sequentially due to normal seasonality and improving building and construction market, particularly in the U.S., and improving demand for tires as they're anticipated to grow particularly in Europe and North America. We also expect solid growth for the full year, especially in our transportation, building and construction and personal care markets. We, therefore, continue to expect strong full-year earnings growth for Additives & Functional Products due to earnings from acquired businesses, with the earnings in heritage Eastman businesses relatively flat as solid volume growth offsets the currency effects and hedges. Next is Adhesives & Plasticizers on slide eight. Sales revenue declined 7%, primarily driven by currency and slightly lower selling prices due to lower raw material costs. Operating earnings increased primarily in adhesives resins as an increase in spread was partially offset by currency. Operating margins for the quarter were 17%, up 300 basis points year-over-year. For full year 2015, we are expecting to continue to make progress improving our product mix. We expect strong growth in hydrogenated hydrocarbon resins as the hygiene market grows in Asia-Pacific, and we see solid growth in the packaging market. We are also seeing continued good adoption of non-phthalate plasticizers. We are also expecting the adhesives resins market to remain tight due to the lack of available raw materials such as piperylene. Offsetting some of these benefits will be the impact of currency and volatile oil prices. Taken together, we expect Adhesives & Plasticizers will deliver strong earnings growth for the year. Now, to Advanced Materials on slide nine, which delivered a very solid quarter. Sales revenue declined somewhat as sales from the acquired performance film business were more than offset by currency and lower selling prices particularly for copolyesters, reflecting lower raw material and energy costs. Earnings increased primarily due to earnings from the acquired Commonwealth business, an excellent bolt-on acquisition. These earnings were partially offset by the unfavorable impact of currency. Looking at the full year, we continue to expect strong results from Advanced Materials as they make progress on our strategy for this business of volume growth, mix improvement and fixed cost leverage. Sequentially, we expect volume will increase as destocking by our copolyester customers in the beginning of the first quarter has subsided. We had strong volumes in March, and that has continued into April. Interlayer volumes are picking up as OEM auto builds remain solid. Acoustic growth continues, and the overall building and construction market in Europe is stabilizing. And as a result, we expect interlayers volumes in 2015 will be at record levels. And film volumes are picking up sequentially as we have seen strong growth in North America and Asia from normal seasonality and share gains, and as the destocking we have seen in Southeast Asia seems to be behind us. As a result, for the year, we expect good volume growth. One thing I do want to mention, though, that affects this business, this core volume was somewhat offset by an ethyl acetate product that is a low margin product line that was previously sold in both AFP and Advanced Materials in 2014. Going forward, this product line will be sold solely by Additives & Functional Products. In addition to the good volume growth, we expect continued mix improvement as high margin product lines such as Tritan copolyester, acoustic interlayers and Visualize, our film product used in displays for smartphones, deliver strong growth. And as we continue to fill out existing capacity, we benefit from fixed cost leverage. We expect all these factors will result in strong earnings growth for Advanced Materials in 2015, offset in part by the impact of currency. Now, to Fibers on slide 10. Performance in this segment is about as expected. In the quarter, sales revenue declined year-over-year, primarily due to lower acetate tow and acetyl intermediate sales volume. We attribute this to customer inventory destocking, which we discussed back in January. Earnings declined due to lower volume, and I would add that the operating margin was about 32% in the quarter, down slightly from year-ago levels. As we look at full-year 2015, we are pretty much on track with our previous guidance. Based on conversations with customers about their plans and expectations, we continue to expect that the inventory destocking will be more pronounced in the first half of the year and tow demand will improve in the second half of the year. And we are benefiting from lower raw material and energy costs, particularly for wood pulp. Regarding our UK facility, as previously announced, we discontinued production and expect site closure will be completed in the third quarter. As a result, we continue to expect earnings will be down between $40 million and $60 million for the year, albeit probably closer to the $60 million sitting here today. And we expect to see earnings of this segment improve as we progress through the year. I'll finish up the segment review with Specialty Fluids & Intermediates on slide 11. During the first quarter, we did a great job of holding on to value. Sales revenue increased due to the sales of acquired businesses, partially offset by lower selling prices, particularly for olefin-based intermediates. Operating earnings increased due to improved spreads and earnings from acquired businesses, partially offset by propane hedges. Looking at the full year, we have a number of factors impacting results. We expect to continue to benefit from strong volume growth and earnings in the acquired businesses. Sales volume for the heritage Eastman business is expected to be about flat as solid end market demand growth is being offset by increasing internal consumption of intermediates for both backward integration with Taminco businesses and growth in heritage Eastman businesses, and lower polymer intermediates volumes. And we are projecting lower propylene and ethylene prices for the remainder of the year, as experienced in April, and expect lower prices to continue for the rest of the year, negatively impacting olefin margins. We also expect the impact of propane hedges to be more significant for this segment for the balance of the year as the cost of the hedge flows through inventories. We, therefore, expect overall earnings in 2015 to be lower than 2014 earnings. On slide 12, I'll transition to an overview of our cash flow and other financial highlights. We continue to do an excellent job of generating cash with the first quarter operating cash flow of $91 million in which is typically our seasonally lowest quarter. Net earnings were solid and our normal beginning-of-the-year working capital build was tempered somewhat by lower raw material and energy costs. Free cash flow was negative $34 million for the quarter. Capital expenditures totaled $125 million, and we are on track for full-year capital expenditures of between $700 million and $725 million. And our first quarter dividend was $60 million. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 27%. We continue to expect our full-year tax rate will be between 26% and 27% reflecting the continued benefits of our improved business operations. We continue to do what we can to be at the lower end of that range. As a whole, I am pleased with the earnings and cash flow performance to start the year. There's good things happening at Eastman Chemical, and I thank everyone that's involved in making it happen. With that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Curt. I'll close on slide 13 with comments on our full year 2015 outlook, and I'm quite happy to say that our outlook has improved due to the actions we have taken. We continue to have strong growth drivers across the company. This starts with our portfolio of specialty businesses that leverage our world-class technology platforms. These specialty businesses are positioned to grow this year. We will benefit from growth in a diverse set of end markets, including transportation, building and construction, consumables and food, feed and ag. We also expect high growth from some of our most innovative high-margin specialty growth programs improving our mix. We will benefit from low oil in many of our specialty and special position businesses where pricing is more determined on the functionality and value to customers, and you can see that in our first quarter results. And we expect it will continue for the remainder of the year. We've done an excellent job in managing costs over the years, and I expect this to continue. And as I've mentioned, we expect significant accretion from the businesses we acquired in 2014. We're all about focus and execution this year and driving value for organic growth and creating value through the integration of our highly accretive acquisitions. Of course, we also have some short-term headwinds and uncertainties in the global economy, volatile oil and the strengthening dollar. Given our excellent start to the year, expectations for solid growth in our specialty businesses, earnings from the recently acquired businesses and continued cost discipline, we are now well positioned to deliver our sixth consecutive year of earnings growth in 2015, something only a very small percentage of S&P 500 companies have been able to do in the last 10 years. Lastly, these solid earnings are translating to strong free cash flow generation. We now expect to generate approximately $900 million of free cash flow, at the top end of the guidance we gave you in January, which represents a free cash flow yield of approximately 8%. This puts us in a great position to continue to pay a strong dividend, invest in growth through capital expenditures and achieve the appropriate level of deleveraging. I'm very excited about our performance so far this year, our expectations for the full year and for what we can deliver over the coming years. With that, I'll turn it over to Greg.
Gregory A. Riddle - Vice President, Investor Relations: All right. Thanks, Mark. We have a lot of people on the line this morning and we'd like to get to as many questions as possible. So, I ask everybody that is on the line to limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. With that, Mara, we're ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Riddle. And our first question comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning. Mark very strong earnings in SFI. Can you help us think about the first, how much did the spread contribute in Q1 versus Q4? And thinking about Q2 versus Q1, how much will this spread hurt you sequentially in Q2 versus Q1?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, David. Certainly spread was a factor in the growth in Q1 relative to Q4. As Curt mentioned, we saw good discipline in holding on to prices as raw materials came down and the inventory turns are quite fast in that business and we were able to sort of improve our spread and as also Curt mentioned that the hedge, which predominantly goes into SFI, flows through COGS. You don't see much of that hit in the first quarter as that will increase into the second quarter and the hedge will really be the big driver in compressing some of the margins on first quarter to second quarter.
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. If I could add, Mark, on top of that. So, as I mentioned in SFI, you are seeing that margin compression in April that that will be a good  that will be felt mostly in this segment plus that impact of the hedges. And quite honestly, if I think about just the shaping of the year as well, that's going to impact the kind of the quarters as they progress a little differently than what you've seen in the past. So, I think our full year is going to be more balanced, first half of the year, second half of the year. And second quarter is really going to be probably one of the more challenging quarters we have on a year-over-year comparable basis in part due to that SFI factor we discussed as well as the timing of tow demand.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Very helpful. And just on Fibers, Mark. When do you think the destocking will end? And do you think we'll see normalized demand at any point during the back half of the year? And what is that normalized demand in your view?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. So, we do certainly think that destocking will abate in the first half of the year and things will improve in the second half. And the way I think about this, Dave, is primary demand story hasn't changed at all, really, in the last 12 months. So, what we see is, outside of China, demand for cigarettes is trending as it always has. In China, the primary demand is expected to be flat to slightly up, but let's call it flattish. So, the primary demand situation is unchanged. What's really going on this year is, what's the story in tow demand, and there are really three components of that. The first is, the Chinese National Tobacco Company has added capacity in joint ventures with us last year and Daicel this year. And that removes a certain amount of demand available to the tow suppliers because if you're backward integrated, you're going to run your assets full. So, there's a certain chunk of market that just leaves the market. Then the rest of it is a destocking story and it's two different stories. So, in China, CNTC produces cigarettes and collects tax revenue at the production level. And over 2013, 2014, they got ahead of themselves in production relative to primary demand and built up more inventory than they needed. And they finally took actions to sort of correct that inventory, which is what you're seeing in the first half of this year. And they continue to tell us that that should clear itself the first half of the year, and that's all that they were able to go on, but it makes sense. With the multinationals, they also are doing some destocking around the globe for a different reason. Capacity utilization was incredibly tight in the 2010 to 2013 timeframe. And so, they were concerned about making sure they had safety stock in place because they never want to run out of filter tow because it's a very small percentage of their total cost. And so, they were carrying excess inventory. As the Chinese added capacity, that made the capacity utilization a little bit looser. They felt less at risk at that. And there was also a significant large customer changing out their product line and then destocking in the first half of the year and restocking for their new product line in the second half of the year. So, all of that combines to make the destocking story make sense to us. I would also note that with all of our large customers, we have annual contracts on both price and volume. And they generally honor those contracts, and that also would confirm a recovering demand in the back half the year.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: We move now to P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hey, Mark. You've talked about demand growth in tires. That seems like a change in tone from your last quarter especially in Europe. So, can you just talk about what you're seeing in the tire demand globally?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Tire demand globally is very moderate in its growth rate if you look at what our customers like Michelin and others are saying in the marketplace. But there's really two stories inside that. Europe and North America tire growth is actually quite solid and getting better year-over-year. The issue is China. And the Chinese are struggling through two things and reducing tire production right now to destock their situation because the tariffs in the U.S. have pushed the sales back out of the U.S. towards China or other markets. And they've massively overbuilt higher production capacity in China, and the economy is clearly slowing down, especially commercial activity in China where we're leveraged with Crystex. And that's resulted in some decline in demand there in the first quarter. But we have seen a strong improvement in demand going into the second quarter from the first. But overall, I'd say the tire market is going to have very modest growth globally when you add it all together.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thank you. And then in SFI, as propylene prices came down, can you talk about what you're seeing in the (26:10) pricing in the (26:12)? And you also, you talked about  in earlier question, you talked about propane to propylene spread, sort of hinted at that. Can you talk about propylene to delivery spread? Thank you.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. On the market price situation, what we see is  we saw a fairly large drop in propylene prices in April. And the more commoditized products that we have are going to follow that down. The specialties are going to hold on to value as best as they can with that change in the marketplace conditions. And I think that's all playing out in the way you would expect. Fortunately, commodities are a very small percentage of our total earnings portfolio. But it's the dynamic that's going on right now. I'm going to let Curt answer the olefins spread hedge question.
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. And maybe the best way to think about this, P.J., let me just kind of give update on that $0.40 to $0.60 impact we talked about on olefins. And so, it's important when we talk about producing versus buying olefins, let me highlight a couple of things. First, the make-up of our olefin needs are changing as we grow. So, for example, now we produce about 55% of the propylene we need, and we now purchase the rest. So, that's impacting some of this. The benefits of producing versus purchasing olefins, we do expect to be volatile. And you see that as it goes through this April. And so, as we see these decline in ethylene and propylene prices. So, that's going to be a challenge, a little bit more of a challenge than we originally anticipated. On our propane hedges we put in place last year, that's an additional headwind for us where we've kind of hedged about two-thirds of our propane purchases in 2015 and just over 50% in 2016. So, when I think about the propane hedges themselves, there has been no material change in the expected impact of these hedges on the 2015 results. So, a lot of it is just, right now, coming down to those cracking spreads. Finally, we have, though, taken a variety of actions trying to mitigate these margin pressures including improved operations and a shift to a more advantaged feedstock mix. I think is probably around 70% propane today. So, putting it all together with the current market conditions, we're probably now at the high end of that $0.40 to $0.60 range we provided early in the year. As a reminder, though, that impact does not include the impact of pricings  prices of our derivatives or changes in other raw materials, and so we try to factor those into our overall corporate guidance. But again, the business teams are doing a great job trying to hold on to value, and you see that being done in our first quarter results.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you very much.
Operator: We move now to Vincent Andrews, Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Could you just  you said tow was going to be probably at the low end of your operating profit forecast for the year in terms of the impact year-over-year. Why is that? Is that just because the volume is going to come in a little worse than you thought or was there a difference on price or what's the dynamic?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Vince. Yeah. There are two parts of it, both volume-related. So, the  as the final contract settled, there was a slight drop in tow demand when we added it all together. The other part was, we sell acetyl intermediates into our joint venture with Solvay for producing product. And they also reduced their demand need on that joint venture, so we had lower acetyl intermediate sales.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And on Adhesives & Plasticizers, it seems like some of the issues that you were having last year have settled out. So, what's the update there?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Adhesives & Plasticizer is a great story, improvement in the industry structure. What's happened in Adhesives is the volumes have continued in the market to grow quite solidly in hygiene, hot melt adhesive packaging, so strong growth in the market. As we continue to move to a lighter feedstock slates, the amount of raw materials available for hydrocarbon resins has become more limited and you've got a tightening market situation that's given us a lot of value and pricing power in the marketplace. I would also note that the rosin question that we've discussed in the past is also quite stable. Prices in rosins are low and availability is sort of typical this year and the low prices of rosins this year would suggest that those won't significantly increase into next year either. So, we see a nice stable situation there in adhesives.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: We move next to Frank Mitsch, Wells Fargo Securities.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hey, good morning and nice start to the year. I wanted to follow up on some of the comments Curt made on the Taminco acquisition. I think when you were talking about the functional amines in the ag business, you saw sequential improvement. Now of course, we'd expect sequential improvement in Q2, but were you also referring to Q1? Did you see sequential improvement in that business there? And also just in general, it sounded to me that the tone was a bit more positive on Taminco on this call and if you could talk about what you're seeing now that you've owned it for a little bit longer, that'd be great.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We view Taminco as a great acquisition, great add to the portfolio, very much on track in delivering the results and doing a great job in performing, including finding ways to offset their own FX headwinds. On the specific ag question, Frank, the ag demand on a year-over-year basis, is the way I'd think about it, came off a bit when it comes to the functional amines going into sort of the row crop herbicides, consistent with what you might expect in the marketplace. But we've seen strong indications and improvements of volume sequentially from the first quarter into the second quarter. In particular, the customers we serve, they're doing a bit better this year than last year. We also saw burn-downs start this year which did not occur last year, so some additional demand as a result of that. As we all know, the winter ag season last year was a pretty tough comp. So, things are going really well there on the row crop. I'd also remind everyone that the ag business related to row crops is only about 10% of the total revenue of Taminco. So, while we pay attention to it, it's not a significant part of the portfolio. One of the great things about Taminco, like Eastman, is it has a very diverse set of end markets. And then the other part is crop protection is doing better than expected. The nice thing about perishable products is you can't build up inventory and those crop products are having a good demand this year.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: That's great because I do know that some of the other crop protection chemical companies are not as optimistic on the early part of the year here, so that's good to hear from your perspective. And in terms of the $900 million of free cash flow, can you talk about your priorities for that money?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. All right. Capital allocation is always a critical and important debate we have among ourselves with our board, and we are committed to the approach we've always taken. So, when I think about capital allocation, the priority starts with great, attractive organic growth opportunities that are important in leveraging our world-scale platforms and allow us grow and sustain the performance of those platforms. So, organic is always going to take a priority, assuming they have attractive returns. We're fortunate that our operating cash flow is so strong that we can meet those needs and still have quite a bit of free cash flow. We have one of the best yields in the industry. So, there is a fair question which is, what do you do with all that free cash flow. And we'll continue to have a disciplined and balanced approach to that in looking at both acquisitions and returning cash to shareholders and making sure we do which creates the most value for our shareholders at that time from a long-term value creation point of view.
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: If I could, Frank, if you look at our 2015, nothing has changed in our commitment though we also have to take a fair bit of that free cash flow and complete the deleveraging we've committed to.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. My comments were long term.
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Understood. So, debt paydown is probably the near-term priority and then Curt's comments are more longer term.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Other way around. So Curt just made the short term comment about delevering and I made the long term comment there  the long-term capital allocation philosophy.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got you. Thank you.
Operator: For our next question, we go to Kevin McCarthy, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes. Good morning. Mark, I was wondering if you could provide an update on Crystex. I think you were planning to take some capacity offline in France, expand in Malaysia and retrofit technology at some sites. Can you update us on where you stand in that evolution?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Kevin. We're very much on track with our Crystex strategy, continue to be very excited about this new technology we developed. As you mentioned, we shut the Ste business down last year to take out some fixed cost. And the reason we could do that is we have done such a great job in working with the Crystex manufacturing guys combined with our operational experts at our large integrated sites, we found ways to improve the performance of the existing plants, so that out of six plants, we're producing much more than we ever could in seven plants. And that's why we could shut Ste down, which is just a great operational synergy story. The new technology will be both retrofits which we've already started in our Germany plant. And then, of course, we're gearing up to start construction of our Kuantan plant to double capacity in that site. So, the overall Crystex story is moving along quite nicely. I'd also mention that while the overall market is not growing that fast in tires, we're having great success with some of our new growth products that we're selling into tires and growing those quite fast. So, our tackifying resins, their performance added for traction are seeing significant growth this year over last year. So, the overall portfolio has ways to grow beyond just the primary end market.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And a second question, if I may. How would you describe activity or lack thereof as it relates to your efforts to monetize crackers at Longview? And then, second piece, if I may, do you have any propane hedges in place for 2017?
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Kevin, this is Curt. On the  nothing new to report on our efforts around our olefins in Texas. We will continue to evaluate options with excess ethylene and/or our crackers in normal course. On the propane, we do have some hedges going into 2017, but they're moderate compared to what I described in 2015 and 2016.
Kevin W. McCarthy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll move now to James Sheehan at SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Could you please elaborate on some of the improving business trends that you're seeing in Europe?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. The businesses are actually improving quite nicely in Europe, and the overall economy is obviously sluggish but improving from a GDP point of view. But in markets like transportation, we're seeing nice recovery in volumes. Even in building and construction, there's some improvements that we're starting to see. So, Europe is expected to be sort of a nice story for us this year.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: And a follow-up on your comments on the tire market, could you just differentiate between what you're seeing on the passenger side versus truck tires?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Passenger tires are doing sort of reasonably well across the globe. Truck tires are doing well in North America, slow in Europe and challenged in China at the moment because of the economic deceleration going on in China. That's a short-term comment, why they're destocking, we expect that to sort of improve as we go into the year.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you.
Operator: We'll move now to John Roberts, UBS.
John E. Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning. You mentioned you don't have any propane hedging beyond next year. What's the go-forward strategy around propane? Do you have any opinion on whether it's going to be more volatile, less volatile and how do you intend to manage that?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: From a hedging point of view, we're continuing to review our hedging strategy and decide what's the most appropriate thing to do. Obviously, there's a tremendous amount of volatility today in the market around where oil is going to go and the associated raw materials from oil. So, we're making sure that we think about it carefully and step forward carefully.
John E. Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: It doesn't sound like you have a strategy.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Oh, we have a strategy of making sure that we protect our volatility in our earnings, but we're trying to understand what the structural implications are to the change in the marketplaces because clearly, no one saw oil going from $100 to $50, including us. And when that kind of structural change happens in the marketplace, it's appropriate to step back and rethink your strategy and make sure what you're doing is appropriate.
John E. Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: And is the dispute with Westlake completely resolved at this point?
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: This is Curt. There's nothing new to update on Westlake.
John E. Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: But there was a lingering piece there. So, that's unresolved still?
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I have nothing new to report.
John E. Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Sison with KeyBanc.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, guys. Nice start to the year. When you think about Specialty Fluids & Intermediates, you did the operating income of $102 million versus $64 million last year. Is the improvement primarily all Taminco, and if I did the math, that would suggest that, given the sales and margins really expanded versus last year, and I'm just curious if that math works and how much of the improvement would have been sort of the pricing power over raw materials?
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, again, the benefit is partially the acquisitions. If you recall, we said Taminco, if you think about specialty amines and crop protection going to additives & Functional Products, and the functional amines going to SFI, it was about 75% going to AFP, 25% going to SFI. So, that gives you some way to think about the order of magnitude for the Taminco. And, yes, as Mark mentioned, the margins did expand in the first quarter, but as we talked about, we think that margin expansion is going to come off in the second quarter for SFI, in part because of the decline in propylene and ethylene margins and in part because of the flow of the hedge.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then, Mark, I think you described AFP to be up strong, Adhesives to be up strong, Advanced Materials to be up strong, and amino fibers and your thoughts on Specialty Fluids & Intermediates. And given that the first quarter EPS growth was double digits, is that the type of growth you could do every quarter? Is there a little bit of kind of changes because of the hedges and I just want better understand kind of the growth potential as the quarters unfold this year for EPS growth.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Mike, great question. I've been waiting for it. Yeah. We see a great opportunity for us to continue delivering earnings growth this year over last year as well as into 2016. And I think the first quarter is great evidence about the quality of our specialty portfolio and the transitions we've been making to be more of a specialty company. When you look at the earnings performance in the first quarter, it was really quite good in our specialty businesses, we held on to value and we're quite disciplined in how we hold on to value in those businesses and we're able to offset the vast majority of the headwinds we had in currency and hedging. And we did it without volume. And there is an important point in that which is, we were being disciplined, and as a result, customers held off on ordering, waiting for the best price. And then we saw, when we got those all negotiated, we saw price  volumes recover in the  Mark's timeframe into April. It's also important to note when you think about that story that the COGS flow-through on specialty businesses is quite slow. Three to six months versus commodities being in that sort of shorter, one to two month range. And therefore, when you really look at the story of the specialty businesses in the first quarter, it's quite good. So, as we go from that into the rest of the year, what we see is continued strong improvement in volumes in those specialty businesses as we go into the first quarter  I mean, sorry  into the second quarter and we expect volume growth to continue through the year. In addition to those end markets delivering volume growth, we also expect high growth of these high-margin products that we have that are selling especially in Advanced Materials that are giving us quite an earnings uplift within that volume growth. So, we feel good about that. But, of course, you've always got some of the offsets we've mentioned, the currency strengthened, the propylene and ethylene prices are lower today than what we expected in January. And so, there's a netting effect of all that. But if you took current market conditions that we have today, associated with oil, currency, et cetera, and looked forward, you would  we feel very confident that we're going to deliver earnings growth year-over-year. And as I think about it, you know, this is not a 2015 story. It's a 2016 story, too. So, you've got all these strong growth drivers that continue into 2016. You've got oil, hopefully one day, showing up as an economic stimulus further improving demand, and then you've got the headwinds that we have this year that are more short-term headwinds when you think about 2016 and not likely to repeat. So, hedge starts coming off, oil prices likely to be higher, Fibers demand is stable to better next year, all give us additional room for earnings growth year-over-year. And then, of course, I think that all of that is much stronger than some margins this year that we captured, in particular on the first quarter, that would be difficult to repeat next year with prices falling relative to rosins, a small part of our portfolio that's commodity. So, I think our overall earnings story is very much intact on a year-over-year basis for 2015 as well as 2016.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And now, we go to Bob Koort, Goldman Sachs.
Ryan L. Berney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning. This is Ryan Berney on for Bob. Just had a question within the Adhesives & Plasticizers business. I was hoping you could maybe elaborate a little bit more on kind of the lower selling prices that you're seeing in plasticizers. It seems like maybe that piece of the business overwhelmed a little bit of the positive you're getting from the adhesives side. I was hoping you could provide a little more color there.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. It's a story related to oil. So, raw material prices dropped dramatically associated with oil and plasticizers like other olefins. And so what you're seeing is prices come down with those raw materials in the plasticizers side of that business. There's also continued competitive pressure in that business. As Asians have been trying to reposition towards North America, Europe is obviously not attractive for them on a relative currency basis for some of them as well as looking to place that product because economic growth in China has not been very good.
Ryan L. Berney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And to elaborate on that economic growth in China, kind of just based on what you're seeing in your businesses, do you expect the kind of deceleration we've seen in the early part of the year to accelerate from where we are, meaning the pace of the slowdown to speed up so to speak for the remainder of the year?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: That would be the big question for the world about what is China economy going to do. My personal view is they're not growing at 7% GDP, not close to it, and there are certainly lots of articles out there right now talking about that. How it accelerates or decelerates from where it is today is a question beyond my pay grade. But I do think that the important part for us is, our volume story is actually quite strong in plasticizers. While we've had some headwinds on margin which will start to abate this year, the volume story about our non-phthalates is great. We are seeing very strong growth in non-phthalates. We're primarily focused on selling these products in North America where we have the best netback and we recently had another factor come in to drive non-phthalate change, where Home Depot has now told all of its suppliers that it doesn't want phthalates in its flooring. So, the pressure to sort of switch to non-phthalates just keeps on increasing. So, we feel good about this business long term. It's going to have very strong growth. There is lots of addressable market left to penetrate in the switch from phthalate to non-phthalate. We just need to get this margin pressure situation to clear and then that will then turn into earnings growth.
Ryan L. Berney - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: We go now to Jeff Zekauskas, JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. In your earlier remarks, I think you said that your propane was hedged by 50% in 2016. My recollection was that in the old days, it was maybe hedged to 90%. So, did you alter your hedged positions or were there various steps that you've taken to change your exposure or your purchases in propane for next year?
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So, Jeff, this is Curt. A couple of perspectives. First of all, there's been no change to our propane hedging program as we defined it last year. So, you know we moved from that sort of a short-term hedging program to a multiyear hedging program. So, there's been no change there. We had talked in the past about being substantially hedged in 2015 and 2016. I just wanted to provide some more clarity for people who don't understand what that order of magnitude is. So, it was about two-thirds in 2015 and just over half in 2016.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: But, Jeff, part of that story is we've taken actions to improve our total production rate of olefins. So, we're improving the quality of how we're running our crackers. We've shifted our mix towards more propane from ethane because propane, currently, is quite advantaged, as you know. So, there are some actions we've taken. But we also were concerned that people were over interpreting our substantial comment, I want to make sure people knew where our hedge positions were.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then for my follow-up, I remember that Taminco had a aircraft de-icing business that was quite depressed last year because of good weather. And so, I would imagine that that might have helped the Taminco earnings overall, and there are some synergies. Order of magnitude, is Taminco EBITDA up $15 million or $20 million or $12 million? Can you size it?
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: This is Curt, Jeff. First of all, on your de-icing, the de-icing was up year-over-year. That was a contributing factor. There are some offsets to it within a diversified portfolio have like within our specialty amines business, and that's the formic acid aspect of it there. On the EBITDA for Taminco, I'd characterize it  as we look at it right now, I think if you take all the factors, the EBITDA of Taminco will be equal or slightly above where they were last year.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you so much.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Jeff...
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Jeff, that includes the FX effect, too.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Oh, an FX effect, too. Okay. Great.
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: They're facing that FX headwind. So, they're helping offset some of that in that comment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laurence Alexander at Jefferies.
Daniel Rizzo - Jefferies LLC: Hi, guys. This is Dan Rizzo, in for Laurence. Just in regards to the acetate tow, you say the destocking is going to continue through the second half of the year, I mean, until the end of  until next  the second half of this year. Do you mean it's going to spike in this quarter or is it like moderating as you go forward or is it  just sequentially from the first quarter to the second, is it kind of the same, or is it getting better or worse and then getting better? Just a little more color.
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: If I could, let me just clarify. I think you're referring to my comment about second quarter being more of a challenge year-over-year, and that's a truly  part of the factor is this tow demand on a year-over-year comparison basis.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, as you think about overall tow demand, just so we're clear, the destocking is occurring in the first half of the year. We expect recovery in demand in the second half of the year as that destocking abates. In regards to the second quarter versus the first quarter, I would describe the volume as similar to maybe a little bit better on a sequential basis from first quarter to second quarter.
Daniel Rizzo - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then just given all the moves you made in the past year, so I mean what's the M&A pipeline look like? Are you guys kind of done for a while or do you still see a lot of opportunities out there?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Right now, we are very much focused on execution. We have done some great acquisitions, four of them last year. We've got a tremendous portfolio of organic growth projects and we're all about delivering results right now and focusing on how we do all of that incredibly well. That is and will continue to be our priority.
Daniel Rizzo - Jefferies LLC: Thank you, guys.
Operator: We go now to Aleksey Yefremov with Nomura.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Good morning, everyone. How would you characterize industry-wide operating rates in filter tow maybe currently and also after capacity cuts that you're undergoing and that your competitor has announced? And also could you comment on Eastman-specific operating rates in filter tow?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, I'll comment on the industry side. What we are seeing, is as I mentioned, we added some capacity and Daicel is adding some capacity with CNTC. And fortunately, what we're also seeing is that the three out of four tow suppliers in this industry are also rationalizing capacity right now that is high cost and not necessary, and so we've taken our working Workington site down. You've seen announcements from Celanese and Solvay about taking some capacity out. When you add that all together and you look at different demand scenarios for 2016, it would imply industry utilization rates in the low 90%s range, which is a nice stable place to be and, importantly, should indicate ability for us to maintain stable margins just like we've already done this year, maintaining stable margins in the face of this destocking.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Great. Thank you. And also, could you comment on your foreign exchange hedges? What is the magnitude of any potential benefit that you expect this year, and also how could this progress into 2016? Thank you.
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, if you think about  this is Curt  the impact of the exchanges, the strength in the dollar and for us it's specifically the euro, we've talked about that change being a $0.25 to $0.30 headwind per share. That's reflecting net of some of the hedges we have in place. We've hedged roughly half of our currency. As you see, currency sitting there today around $1.10, $1.11, that impact is going to be a little greater than that $0.25 to $0.30, and that's what we're expecting in our outlook. I'd say, similarly, we have a hedge going into next year that will help mitigate that, just not to the same magnitude of 50% we had this year.
Aleksey Yefremov - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our final question comes from Nils Wallin with CLSA.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - CLSA Americas LLC: Yeah. Good morning and thanks for taking my question. You've spoken a lot about the specialty aspect of your portfolio holding price and capturing value. But your year-over-year price comparisons were down 6%. So, would you be able to parse the price realizations you had on the specialty and special position versus commodity?
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. I'll take part of this question, and I wouldn't be surprised if Curt piles in. So, first of all, when you look at the overall price performance of our company compared to our diversified peers, we actually did a great job of holding price. And I think that's a good proxy for the quality of our portfolio. But no matter what you are, specialty or commodity, raw material prices came down considerably. And some of our pricing, especially in our core copolyesters was going to go follow raw materials downward to some extent. And that's the price effect that we're feeling  so  in Advanced Materials, and the same logic would apply to the olefin products in AFP and the plasticizers and in A&P. But the spreads did not compress. And so, I think that that portfolio, in fact, expanded in most cases. But there's a limit, you have to treat your customers with respect to make sure you pass on value to them too when the raw materials come down So, I think that we did a nice job of finding appropriate balance with our customers for the value that we create for them, and we will continue to do so going forward. So, it's also important to keep in mind that the raw material flow through issue being three to six months on the specialty. So, when you look at the margins, you don't have that rapid flow through that you saw in SFI.
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And this is Curt. Just as you make your evaluation analysis, you can see some of that in the pricing changes. So, you look at Additives & Functional Products, Adhesives & Plasticizers, Advanced Materials, you see their prices only coming down 2% to 5% versus 16% in SFI. So, that's just some of the factors that Mark described. I'd also remind people as they evaluate Additives & Functional Products and SFI, keep in mind as we bring the Taminco businesses into those, that does have a weighting effect on the operating margins for those businesses. So, for Additives & Functional Products, they'll have a slightly lower operating margin now just because of the mix of Taminco versus the heritage Eastman businesses.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - CLSA Americas LLC: Thanks. That's really helpful. And then, would you have an estimate  obviously, you had a lot of new assets in the portfolio year-over-year. Would you have an estimate of the total accretion from all these new businesses?
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I would say, right now, it's been factored in our guidance. We look at all the moving parts, and so from  as it relates to organic growth, we factor that into that aspect. From the acquisition standpoint, we talked about greater than $0.35 accretion this year and greater than $0.60 accretion next year.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: For Taminco.
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Taminco.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, when you add them altogether, it's more like $0.50.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - CLSA Americas LLC: Understood. Sorry, I meant for this quarter.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: For the quarter? We're not breaking that out by quarter.
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Taminco is...
Nils-Bertil Wallin - CLSA Americas LLC: Understood.
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Its earnings profile is pretty constant during the course of the year. So, that's how I would think about it.
Gregory A. Riddle - Vice President, Investor Relations: I mean, the way you think about it, Nils, is they're on track on a corporate basis for that $0.50 or greater than $0.50 accretion on an annual basis. So, just think of it that way, we're on track with that accretion expectation.
Curtis E. Espeland - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And then as you think about the benefits of the synergies, that's probably weighted more towards the second half of the year.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - CLSA Americas LLC: Understood. Thanks for the help.
Mark J. Costa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. Mr. Riddle, I'd like to turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Gregory A. Riddle - Vice President, Investor Relations: Yeah. Thanks, Mara and thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. We'll have a Web replay and replay in downloadable MP3 format available on our website probably later this morning. Thanks a lot and have a great day.
Operator: And that concludes our conference for today. Again, we thank everyone for joining us.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-30 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Riddle - IR Mark Costa - CEO Curt Espeland - CFO Josh Morgan - Manager IR
Analysts: Kevin McCarthy - Bank of America, Merrill Lynch David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Frank Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities John Roberts - UBS Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley James Sheehan - SunTrust Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan P.J. Juvekar - Citi Laurence Alexander - Jefferies Bob Koort - Goldman Sachs Mike Sison - KeyBanc
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company Fourth Quarter Full year 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastmans Web site at www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Greg Riddle: Thank you, Jake, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, CEO; Curt Espeland, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Josh Morgan, Manager, Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover three items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the Company's fourth quarter and full year 2014 financial results news release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for third quarter 2014 and the Form 10-K to be filed for 2014. Second, earnings per share and operating earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain non-core or non-recurring costs, charges and gains. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of excluded items, are available in our fourth quarter and full year financial results news release, which can be found at eastman.com in the Investors section. Projections of future earnings in the financial presentation also exclude such items as described in the fourth quarter financial results news release. Lastly, we've posted slides that accompany our remarks for this morning's call on our Web site in the Presentations and Events section. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Costa: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Ill begin on Slide 3. 2014 was a strong year for Eastman as we continue to make progress on our goal to becoming a leading specialty chemical company. We delivered our fifth consecutive year of strong EPS growth despite a challenging global environment and volatile raw material environment. We are very proud of that track record given that only 25% of the Companies in S&P 500 have even accomplished this performance. In 2014 we also generated free cash flow of $810 million consistent with our expectations. This level of earnings growth and strong cash flow generation reflect how our world class technology platforms have enabled us to achieve success in expanding our leadership positions in diverse and attractive end markets and geographies, accelerating our earnings growth with innovation driven specialty products and leveraging our advantage cost position through vertical integration and advantaged raw material positions. We also completed four acquisitions during the year. Each of these acquired businesses aligns well with our strategy of delivering consistent superior value. In December, we completed the largest of these acquisitions, Taminco, a highly successful global specialty chemical producer with market leading positions. And Ill talk more about Taminco in the next slide. During the year we also added several smaller bolt-on acquisitions to our portfolio. Commonwealth Laminating & Coating, Knowlton Technologies, and the Aviation Turbine Oil business from BP. Both Commonwealth and the Aviation Turbine Oil business are great additions to our existing product portfolio in performance films and specialty fluids respectively. The Knowlton acquisition was very attractive as it will enable us to accelerate the innovation cycle for our microfibers platform.  Each of these acquisitions represents a solid addition to our portfolio reflecting our commitment to use M&A as means of creating value both earnings and cash flow. We also made significant progress on our organic initiatives across the Company. We continue to have double digit growth in our Tritan copolyester due to market adoption which will be supported by our fourth quarter expansion at our Kingsport site. In addition we began work on an additional 60,000 metric ton expansion for Triatan which we expect to be operational in 2017. We expect continued double digit growth in our premium acoustic and head-up display Saflex interlayer products and are proud of our successful launch of a new optical film product for the high growth mobile device market where we are already realizing strong growth. Our rubber additives team has achieved rapid success in developing and validating a breakthrough technology for significantly reducing our Crystex manufacturing cost. As a result we are currently retrofitting one of our assets in Europe with this technology and we intent to proceed with plan to double our Crystex insoluble sulfur capacity in Kuantan, Malaysia with this technology as well which we expect to be operational in the first half of 2017. In AFP we launched Omnia, a new sustainable solvent for household cleaners and we expect to see great growth from that business as well. I was particularly impressed with the speed of our team when they went from concept to successful product launch in 18 months which is outstanding for this industry. We continue to see strong market switching to non-phthalate plasticizers and have completed an expansion of our 168 capacity to support our growth in this market where were leverage this trend. Finally, during the year we remain committed to returning cash to our stockholders by increasing our dividends for the fifth consecutive year and repurchasing more than $400 million of stock. This front format is on so many fronts, it is a great testament to the strength of the Eastman portfolio. More importantly I am very fortunate to have such a great management team and a great group of employees who consistently overcome challenges and find ways to deliver results for our stakeholders. And move to the next page, as I mentioned we completed the acquisition of Taminco in December and I am very pleased to welcome Taminco employees to the Eastman team. We are confident Taminco will be a great strategic fit in the deployment of our balance sheet. We have diversified in attractive end markets with solid macro trends. We will accelerate growth opportunities in personal care, coatings and oil and gas markets across the portfolio. And we see substantial opportunities to leverage our strengths in creating value from their similar business model that leverages a world class integrated stream. As we look at projected earnings from Tamincos business for 2015 we expect them to continue to deliver solid top line growth and operating earnings to be modestly higher than 2014 which is consistent with our previous expectations. Were also on track with our synergy targets. With the integration of Tamincos businesses and various purchase accounting adjustments we expect approximately 75% of Tamincos total operating earnings will be added in functional products where we are locating the specialty amines in crop protection businesses and approximately 25% will be in specialty foods and intermediates where the functional amines business will be located. We remain on track for EPS accretion from Taminco to be greater than $0.35 in 2015 and greater than $0.60 in 2016 excluding acquisition and integration cost. Now Ill turn over to Curt to discuss the corporate and segment results.
Curt Espeland: Thanks Mark and good morning everyone. Ill start with our fourth quarter and full year corporate results on Slide 5. For the fourth quarter sales revenue increased largely due to continued high sales volume for premium products in the Advanced Material segment and sales of products of the acquired Taminco businesses. Operating earnings in the fourth quarter also increased driven by lower raw material energy cost, the higher premium product sales in advanced materials and earnings from the acquired businesses partially offset by higher plan maintenance cost. For full year 2014, we delivered another strong year at $7.07 of earnings per share which is a 10% growth over 2013 and as Mark mentioned, our fifth consecutive year of earnings growth. Sales revenue increased 2% due to growth in Advanced Materials and Adhesives & Plasticizers segments and sales revenue from acquired businesses. Operating earnings were slightly higher year-over-year as higher volume and improved product mix particularly in Advanced Materials and earnings of acquired businesses more than offset higher raw material and energy cost and higher cost related to manufacturing shutdowns during the year. Our operating margin remains strong at 17% consistent with full year 2013. Moving next to the segment results and starting with Additives & Functional Products in Slide 6. For fourth quarter both sales revenue and operating earnings increased due to the addition of sales from the acquired Taminco specialty amines and crop protection businesses. For the full year sales revenue increased due to both higher sales volume and prices for coatings product lines and sales of the acquired Taminco product lines partially offset by lower rubber additive sales volumes. Both the higher sales volume and pricing for coatings was attributed to strong end market demand throughout the year primarily in the building and construction and transportation markets. The lower rubber additive sales volume was primarily attributed to decreased tire production in Asia. Full year operating earnings declined as higher raw material and energy costs primarily propane in the first half of the year more than offset higher prices and earnings from acquired Taminco businesses. As we look at 2015 we expect that Additives & Functional Products will be positively impacted by the full year benefit of acquired Taminco businesses and solid performance from Heritage Eastman businesses due to volume growth in coatings and to some extent tire additives. These benefits will be partially offset by the negative impact of a decline in often derivative pricing outpacing the decline in raw material cost due to impact of propane hedges and a strengthening U.S. particularly against the Euro. Both of these challenges will impact all of our segments to some degree so Ill cover them in more detail in a few minutes. Taking together we expect strong earnings growth for this segment with the addition of Taminco somewhat offset by modest decline in the Heritage Eastman businesses as the benefit of underlying growth is offset by the oil and currency challenges. Moving next to Adhesives & Plasticizers on Slide 7. For the fourth quarter sales revenue declined primarily due to lower adhesive resin sales volume resulting from limited raw material availability. Fourth quarter earnings increased due to higher adhesive resin prices, lower raw material and energy cost and lower operating cost which included targeted cost reductions. These lower costs were partially offset by costs of the planned shutdown of an olefins cracking unit at the Longview, Texas site and lower plasticizer selling prices. For the full year sales revenue increased due to higher plasticizer and adhesives resins volume partially offset by lower selling prices primarily for plasticizers. Full year operating earnings increased significantly primarily due to higher sales volume and corresponding higher capacity utilization and lower operating cost partially offset by the lower selling prices. Looking forward to 2015 we expect continued growth for our Eastman 168 non-phthalate plasticizers, but an otherwise challenging global plasticizers market will continue to pressure margins primarily due to competition from Asia producers. We also expect adhesives resins market to remain tight due to solid demand growth particularly in the hygiene and packaging markets and limited availability for the industry of key raw materials. Putting this all together, we expect Adhesives & Plasticizers will deliver strong earnings growth, but this growth to mostly offset by the impact of oil and currency. Now to Advanced Materials on Slide 8, which delivered another excellent year. Fourth quarter and full year sales revenue increased slightly as stronger volume growth for premium products including Eastman Tritan copolyesters, interlayers with acoustic properties and window films, was offset by lower core copolyester products selling prices primarily due to lower raw material and energy costs, and an unfavorable shift in foreign currency rates. Full year sales revenue also increased slightly as higher premium product sales volume including Tritan and the interlayers with acoustic properties was largely offset by core copolyesters selling prices. Earnings increased both in the fourth quarter and for the full year due to higher sales volume in improved mix. As we continue to have growth in our all premium products including Tritan copolyesters and acoustic interlayers. The full year 2014 operating margin improved nicely to over 12% moving the segment into the range we expect for this business of 12% to 15%. Looking to 2015, we continue to make progress and our strategy for this business, volume growth, mixed improvement and fixed cost leverage. Advanced materials will also benefit from lower raw materials in the Commonwealth acquisition, which we expect to be a strong contributor earnings growth in 2015. As a result, we expect continued strong earnings growth in the segment somewhat offset by currency headwinds. Moving to Fibers on Slide 9. Fourth quarter sales revenue was relatively unchanged, as higher selling prices for acetate tow and increased flake sales to our China joint venture were largely offset by lower sales volume for acetyl chemicals. Fourth quarter operating earnings were slightly with the higher tow selling prices, more than offsetting lower sales volume and our unit cost due to lower acetate tow capacity utilization. For the full year sales revenue was slightly higher driven by acetate tow selling prices and higher acetate flake sales volume to our China tow joint venture, more than offsetting lower acetate tow sales volume. The lower acetate tow sales volume was attributed to additional industry capacity including our joint venture. Full year earnings increased due to higher selling prices in lower raw material and energy costs, partially offset by lower tow sales volume and lower capacity utilization. Looking forward to 2015. We expect continued acetate tow inventory destocking, which is larger and broader to more customers than we originally anticipated. We expect this will be most pronounced in the first-half of 2015. We also expect lower raw material and energy cost particularly for wood pulp and we are actively reviewing options to reduce cost for this segment to help improve overall results. Taken this together, we expect full year 2015 earnings to be down between $40 million and $50 million compared to 2014. With that said, we expect global acetate tow demand to stabilize once the inventory destocking is behind us and we continue to pursue actions to improve the overall cost position of this business. As a result, longer-term we are optimistic this business will recover to an earnings profile consistent with our Investor Day expectation. Ill finish the segment review with Specialty Fluids & Intermediates on Slide 10. Fourth quarter sales revenue increased due to the sale of products of acquired businesses more than offsetting lower prices for olefin-based intermediates and heat transfer fluids. Fourth quarter operating earnings decline primarily due to the impact of the planned shutdowns of an olefins cracking unit and the lower selling prices, partially offset by lower raw material and energy costs and earnings of acquired aviation turbine oil businesses. For the full year sales revenue was flat as sales of products of acquired businesses and higher selling prices were offset by lower sales volume. The lower sales volume was due to manufacturing capacity shutdown, increased use, downstream use of intermediates in other parts of the company and weakness in the heat transfer fluids market. Full year operating earnings were lower primarily due to the higher raw material and energy cost, primarily propane in the first-half for the year and cost of manufacturing capacity shutdowns partially offset by higher intermediate selling prices and earnings from acquired businesses. Looking forward to 2015, Specialty Fluids & Intermediates will be positively impacted by the addition of the Taminco functional amines businesses. They will also benefit from the full year impact of the aviation turbine oil business, challenges include the negative impact of oil, lower expected demand in heat transfer fluids and expected lower volume in intermediates and parts due to continued downstream use of intermediates in other parts of the company. As a result, we expect 2015 earnings to be somewhat lower than 2014. On Slide 11, Ill transition to an overview of our cash and other financial highlights for 2014. We did an excellent job of generating cash in 2014 with operating cash flow of $1.4 billion. This is a record for cash from operations. Our free cash flow was $810 million for the year consistent with our expectations. Capital expenditures totaled $593 million including the impact of acquired businesses which was also consistent with the guidance we provided. Looking at the balance sheet, net-debt stands at approximately $7 billion at the end of the year reflecting the addition of the Taminco financing. During fourth quarter we successfully issued $2 billion in bonds which maturities of 5, 10 and 30 years. This was a very successful issue reflected in our strong balance sheet and cash flow profile. These new bonds fit nicely into our maturity profile actually increasing the average duration of our bond portfolio while lowering the average interest rates. Our overall cost to financing for Taminco acquisitions was approximately 2.8% including the previously disclosed $1 billion term loan. Over the next two years we'll focus on paying down debt as part of our commitment to return our credit metrics consistent with our investment rate credit rating.  This is also a good opportunity to remind everyone that Eastman has access to sufficient liquidity in addition to our strong cash flow in a form of 1.25 billion revolvers and a $250 million accounts receivable securitization program. The combination of cash flow is from balance sheet and liquidity continues to provide flexibility to pursue growth even in uncertain economy. Moving back to fourth quarter results a few items to highlight. Our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter pro-forma earnings was 22% reflecting the one year extension of favorable U.S Federal tax provisions which resulted in a net benefit of $15 million. This benefit was primarily related to research and development credits and deferral certain earnings of foreign subsidiaries from U.S. income taxes. The full-year 2014 effective tax rate on pro-forma earnings was 26 percent compared to 28 percent for full year 2013. This lower rates reflects the continued benefit of the integration of Eastman and Solutia business operations and legal entity structures.  In addition GAAP earnings were impacted by a mark-to-market loss of $304 million related to our pension and other postretirement benefit plans. This loss was primarily driven by the change in discount rates increasing our estimated pension liabilities. We also had acquisition related cost at $31 million related primarily to Taminco and common wealth. On Slide 12, I'll discuss some key assumptions for our projections in 2015. In retrospect as compared to we shared back at November in our Investor Day. Our projections for global growth remains at approximately 3% of course there is uncertainty in this projection. But we are currently seeing solid demand in our order books. Moving next to raw materials we are expecting our key raw materials propane, ethane, terephalane, et cetra to be consistent with recent forward cruse to the end of the year or throughout the end of this year. And as you're seeing most of this four occurs do not anticipate any dramatic change during the course of the year. So we'll see how that plays out, but regardless this is obviously a big change compared with our Investor Day projections when [brent] crude was projected to be a $100 per barrel. We expect the dollar to euro exchange range to remain their current levels at approximately $1.15 per Euro. And this is another big change from our investor day where we had projected between the $1.25 and $1.30 per Euro and was actually higher than the 2014 average of just over $1.13 per Euro. This results in a year over year earnings per share headwind of $0.25 to $0.30 per share including mitigation from our currency hedging program. Our tax rate is expected to be between 26% and 27% reflecting the continued benefits of our improvement and business operations and legal entity structures resulting from acquisitions. The range of the effective tax rate reflects uncertainty as to whether there we further extension of the R&D tax credit and potentially changes to our geographic range mix. Finally, we continue to expect to offset dilution with share repurchases. Lastly, I thought it would helpful to provide some color and how we project the lower impact of crude oil on our Olefins related businesses here shown on Slide 13. Unlike Investor Day my comments were focus only on olefins and not include actions we are taking across the Company portfolio. First propylene and ethylene prices are expected to decline to some extent with oil. Second on an on hedge basis we expect cracking spreads to expand as ethane and propane cost has brought. In particular Eastman's cracking configuration towards a heavy propane mix has vanished at this time. However our hedging strategies that we had taken to reduce volatility in our propane and other input cost have become a significant headwind given the unprecedented recent drop in the price of propane. Obviously we and rest of the world do not foresee this dramatic drop in oil or propane prices and also don't think anyone really know exactly where these prices are going to settle up from here. As a result although propane although dropping more than ethane is generally positive for us. This benefit will be more than offset by the impact of our propane hedges resulting in expected earnings of $0.40 to $0.50 per share for 2015.  Having said that I want to be clear that this analysis is broad, a directional exercise as the vast majority of our Olefin related earnings come from derivatives with the exception of bulk Olefin sales. Our Olefin derivative pricing does not directly track olefin prices across the portfolio on a monthly basis. While the commodity will track fairly tightly the majority of our derivatives as specialties or special position product line were we have additional dynamics that impact value captured relative to olefins. Our estimated $0.40 to $0.50 per share does not include our efforts to mitigate this headwind by holding on to value in our specialty and special position product line as olefin prices decline. My last point on the slide you can see that the benefit of producing olefins for mainly small part of our overall earnings profile in part reflected actions we've taken to strength our portfolio including the additions of Solutia at Taminco which were not meaningfully exposed to these spreads. So with that I thank you for your time and your interest in Eastman Chemical and I will turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Costa: Thanks Curt. As we look at our earnings growth potential for 2015 and beyond we feel great about our strategy which we discussed in detail at Investor Day. We have strong growth drivers in place across the Company; we have a solid portfolio of specialty businesses that are well positioned to grow. Solid end market growth especially in transportation and B&C end markets.  Strong premium products that we expect to accelerate earnings growth especially advanced materials. We're working hard to hold on to the raw material tailwinds in our specialty products. We also expect to benefit in 2015 from significant accretion from the attractive acquisitions we completed in 2014. I would also note that our acquisitions are mostly neutral volatile oil and manufactured in the regions where they sell. These additions are great improvements to the robust mix of our portfolio. Obviously we faced some short-term headwinds like many U.S companies but we don't think any of them undermining our long-term strategy. The unprecedented change in oil prices has created a challenge with our current propane hedge and some uncertainty about how competitive credit flow might change. The dollar has strengthened considerably against the basket of currencies most notably for us against the euro. And while we anticipated that a risk of inventory destocking existed in fibers, we now have a better understanding that the level of destocking is larger, more broader than we expected across the customer base.  Given all that we expect our full year 2015 EPS to be similar to 2014 EPS. With the split between the first half and the second half of the year and being consistent with our history. As we consider the sensitivity of this outlook we can't see a pathway to earnings growth. If the drop in oil prices is predominantly driven by supply then it should be a stimulus to economic demand and this benefit can show up in several different ways.  First many of our customers are maintaining very low inventory level and as oil prices stabilize and go up we could see some restocking. Second we believe that oil prices will also be a long-term stimulus to global GDP and great for Eastman's specialty strategy where we're selling high value differentiated products that are leveraged in economic recovery.  Third improving demand will tighten supply to demand balances in some of the industries as well. Of course if we're headed into a global economic slowdown the declining demand and further reduction of oil prices will face the challenge. As I think about our cash flow and the next stage I believe our cash flow is one of Eastman's greatest strengths and we continue to generate very strong free cash flow in 2014 and we expect to do it again in 2015.  With our current outlook we expect approximately $1.6 billion of operating cash flow. This outlook reflects current earnings expectations as well as some improvement in working capital resulting from lower commodity cost. Capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $700 million to $725 million this reflects normal maintenance capital as well as some additional infrastructure spending. This also reflects growth capital this year for the expansion of our Tritan copolyester capacity and our new Crystex capacity in Malaysia.  Free cash flow is expected to be approximately $850 million to $900 million and this is a nice improvement over 2014. As a reminder our priority for free cash flow over the next 24 months is deleveraging our debt. While doing so it is reasonable for investors to expect it will continue to increase our dividend and we expect to offset dilution with stock repurchases. And as we continue to generate very strong free cash flow over the coming years we will continue to employ capital in a balanced and disciplined way.  We now want to reflect what we said at Investor Day. I firmly believe that our strategy is intact and we will deliver strong consistent earnings growth and compelling free cash flow overtime. We have obviously hit some short-term headwinds that we and most of the world did not expect but our portfolio of businesses is robust and capable of offsetting these challenges and finding pathways to grow. These challenges are a headwind as we head into 2015 but are not likely to be an additional headwind in 2016. The growth drivers of our portfolio are strong overtime and we will continue to deliver strong earnings growth and compelling free cash flow. We remain confident that we will continue to create value for our stockholders and all of our stakeholders.  With that I will turn it back over to Gregory. 
Greg Riddle: Thanks Mark. We've got a lot of people on the line this morning we would like to get to as many questions as possible so please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. With that Jake we're ready for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Kevin McCarthy of Bank of America, Merrill Lynch. 
Kevin McCarthy: Mark with regard to the fibers business if we think back to your Investor Day sounded like you were contemplating some optionality to take restructuring action in that business. Listening to the language on the call today I heard a lot about destocking there so I guess a two part question. First what's your degree of confidence that the weakness you are seeing is in fact destocking versus perhaps a more structural or durable weakness in the business. And then secondly how are you thinking about potential to reduce cost in that context and what might be the timeline for your decision there?
Mark Costa: Good morning Kevin, thank you for the question. So I will start with the demand side of that question, I want to start first with our view about primary demand as you are getting out and then tow demand. So if you think about primary consumer demand we dont have any change in our view about the outlook of demand in the medium term. We continue to expect developed world to slowly declined, the developing world including China to show some growth. And then the real question then it settles on whats happening in China. As we look at back at 2014 demand was relatively flat at the consumption level in China. And everything were being told about that continues to suggest that primary driver for that flatness was austerity measures changing the use environment of cigarettes and if we believe that to be true and we are not hearing anything otherwise, thats like a destocking even where you take a chunk of demand out but when you look at population modeling and growth you would then expect demand growth to return at a modest level in China.  So that although holding together we are not seeing any change in that from all of our sources which is primarily talking to our customers.  When you get to tow demand, as we discussed last year, there are two different dynamics going on when you go from demand in 14 to 15. The first is CNTC in China has added additional capacity like they added capacity with us in 14. They have added some additional capacity to [dye] sale. And so of course they are going to run those assets full as they own them and that takes a certain chunk of demand out of the imports which was factored into our guidance back in Investor Day, thats not really a surprise for us.  The second part is we expected some modest destocking, but all the customers who come to us and been very clear that they are going to do some amount of destocking, particular in China. And where it behind that and were it makes sense to us Kevin is from 2011 to 13 you saw a tremendous tightness in capacity unitization, this industry close to 100%. So lot of customers were carrying a safety stock to make sure that they didnt run out and makes a lot of sense when you look at how small of a percentage tow is of the final price of the cigarette not a place you want to run out, in short your production sales. And then with the slowdown in demand and this capacity add in China obviously the capacity utilization loosing up a little bit and customers have felt that its more appropriate to destock some of that safety stock and readjust their inventory.  So everything we know suggests that its destocking, if we believe that to be true then there is reason to believe that demand in 16 could actually be higher than 15, and thats the best that we know of that part. So when we get to sort of what we do about that, well we want to make sure we understood exactly how demand is going to play out across all of customers and finish the contracting which happened this week. So if you are pretty good about sort of knowing where we stand and now of course you take an assessment all of what I have said and decide most appropriate actions to take on the cost structure side. We are actively in the middle of making those decisions and its inappropriate for us to discuss them further and what finalize those decision. 
Kevin McCarthy: Fair enough, I appreciate the color. As a follow-up perhaps for Curt, do you have any propane hedges that extend into 2016? And if so would you comment on the level and ratio I suppose. 
Curtis Espeland: Kevin when we implemented our propane change last year we did talk about multiyear program so it does extend beyond a couple of years but the focus of that typically is the first couple of years, thats where we are taking most of the focus. But we will have some tail going beyond that but is not as significant as what we talked about next two years. 
Operator: And now I will take the next question from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. 
David Begleiter : Thank you Mark. Just again propane, are there any other actions you are looking at or could take in 15 to coming at the lower end or below the $0.40 to $0.50 propane hedge?
Curt Espeland: So David on the hedge, it is what it is. What we are doing most of importantly on the price side is we are fighting hard to hold on the value that we create for our customers with our products and hold on that somewhere that raw material tailwinds at all the places that we can. And that will have variant degrees a success offset some of that headwind. So thats going on right now. In addition we expect to and plan to run our cracker as well. We did a big turnaround last fall. And the big cracker thats come up is running incredibly well, with that cracker and other efforts to leverage towards propane mix as much as we can, will advantage us, because that will be all spot propane purchases at very advantage of prices.  So there are things we are doing both on the volume side and pricing side to get the maximum value out of that advantage position we have with our propane crackers. 
David Begleiter : And Curt just again on the 16 impact versus 15, would it be fair to say that the benefit in 16 versus 15 from the lack of propane hedges to be $0.20 or $0.30 a share?
Curt Espeland: I would say Kevin as I mentioned on our Investor Day the program that we put in place hedge substantially amount of our purchase of propane in 15 and 16. And I would not be expecting material change between those two. So it will be a tailwind but I am not going to try to quantify that at this point. 
Operator: And we will take a question from Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo Securities.
Frank Mitsch : I was looking at Slide 13 and I see that the operating earnings or indicated up for 2015, I know your interest cost have gone up. But as I do the math on some of the puts and takes in terms of negatives, obviously you got the hedge $0.50 foreign exchange, $0.25 fibers destock and other $0.20 or so, so about $0.95 to a $1 negative offsetting that to make positive $0.35 to turnaround, assuming you dont have it in 15 versus 14 so another $0.10, so it's a positive $0.45. So you got about $0.50, $0.55 of a whole, so to keep it flat you would need to grow earnings about 7% to 8% obviously Eastmans targeted goal is to do double-digits, could be there be room of a couple of percent or so in terms of earnings growth if Eastman hits kind of is double-digit EPS growth goals?
Mark Costa: I knew I can count on you for the growth math question. Your math is actually incorrect, you're actually missing out on some additional accretion so Taminco wasnt the only acquisition we did, weve got some nice accretion coming in from BP turbine oil, Commonwealth little bit more share count advantage rolling into the year. So, I think of acquisitions being $0.50 or little bit above $0.50 of accretion. So then you're talking about how do I hold on to value, were certainly tend to run our plans better as you mentioned, we still have some decent amount of shutdowns coming in this year, so there is not a huge planned shutdown differential from year-to-year and we certainly plan to run better. So you were talking about, can we do better than either $0.50 to $0.40 a share organic in our portfolio, thats certainly is our goal and were driving really hard on all fronts to do that, I think we see very solid demand trends especially B&C and transportation durables especially in U.S. and it's a nice actually having 50% of our -- little bit less than 50% of our revenue in the U.S. these days and were pretty happy that our exposure to Europe is one of the lower ones relative to our peers from both the currency and weak demand point of view. So, I think our portfolio is very well positioned for primary demand, more importantly we get a lot of accelerate earnings growth out of our earnings in premium price especially of Advanced Materials where were selling double-digit growth rates and things like Tritan, Acoustics heads up displays, window films, resins and tires and AFP all of which are accelerating earnings growth within that top-line growth as those margin are quite attractive. So, it all adds up where we feel they are good about that driving to that $0.50 and to get beyond $0.50 you need to believe that demand is going to be a little bit better this year than the overall demand growth that we saw last year. And I think there is every reason to believe thats possible, I mean the camp that oil is supply driven primarily therefore is a global stimulus to demand and there is potentially some restocking that if we get if oil price stabilize and all that can show up as some stronger demand than what we have in our current outlook and put us on a path, but it's a beginning of a year and a very volatile year right now Frank, we know when the oil prices are going or trade flows are going to change and so I think it's prudent at this point just see how it plays out, we get lot more insider for the first quarter and be in a much better position to discuss this when we get through the first quarter.
Frank Mitsch : That is very helpful, much appreciated. And maybe if you can provide an update, I know that in previous discussions of Eastman actions the technology licensing was something that perhaps would show up in late 15 or early 16, can you talk about what your expectations are there?
Mark Costa: Sure, we have some small amount of licensing that we do expect to get in 2015 and thats included in our comments around SFI which is where that licensing value shows up, there is some bigger licenses that weve been working on, but given the uncertainty of them were not including that in the forecast and that will be upside if they happen either this year or next year.
Operator: And now well move to our next question that will come from John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: Back on slide 13, is there a hit to your coal based operations as well from lower oil that is, do things like acidic anhydride, acetaldehyde come down with oil prices and again your coal cost are relatively fix?
Mark Costa: No so much, the best material of our coal derive products are sale investors whether it's going into fibers or grade specialty products are going to our display business in some specialty plastics or very high value additives that go into automotive coatings and other applications in AFP and all of those are very well positioned and the real competitor is natural gas, actually not oil from the competitive cost base and that were up against and were not seeing any significant changes in natural gas and the raw materials are relatively small part of those cost structures. So it's not a main factor like it is in the olefins discussion.
John Roberts : Then there is a follow-up, I think you said the $0.25 to $0.30 currency hit was after hedging, could you comment on your foreign exchange hedging practices?
Mark Costa: Sure, similar to what I talked about all of them, we do have a multi-year hedging program on currencies to remove volatility that could result from that. Youve been seeing that benefit over the last couple of years we havent really seen currency is enough factor, because of the dramatic decline, you see the impact weve quantified and Id say roughly our hedge position in 2015 is about 50% hedge.
Operator: And now well move to our next question that will come from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Are there any press of your portfolio where given the move in oil and everything else where you think some of your competitors might now have a better cost position and may be more likely to either increase production or be able to export to other markets or how you are thinking about that?
Mark Costa: So certainly as we view this sort of olefin analysis and in particular where youre seeing the biggest impact from an oil point of view. Thats all factored into our thinking when you sat that $0.40, $0.60 headwind because thats the change and they are not the oil drive cost structures across the globe and how that impacts our U.S cost position. So thats included in that discussion. I think the other place we're getting nice tailwinds like all of our competitors on an equal basis Para xylene and Benzene drive products were all in the same both together and we're not seeing any significant sort of changes in the way of cost position in those places. I have no doubt that as European and Asians getting improvement in the cost structure there are going to be more aggressive and we factor that our thinking. But we still think that we're putting lot more value and just price in our relationships with the customers we have a lot of great specialty products and differentiate positions and those will endure some of those threats.
Vincent Andrews: Okay and then if I could just on your amines business now number of the large herbicide manufactures have spoken about storing some excess inventory in a chain, that their volumes are going be down. How does that work with Taminco?
Mark Costa: So Taminco first of Taminco is a great portfolio of business in a very diverse side in the markets and niche applications. You have to keep that in mind where Ag is specifically row crops where the current concerns seems us sit specifically even more so on corn. Thats a pretty small percentage of Taminco's overall revenue so only about 10% of Tamico's total revenue associated with row crops. All of crop protection which is the high value, high margin specialties going to perishable, vegetables, fruits, flower type market that they are expected very consistent demand year over year. But within that area lot of products go into both soybeans corns so as the mix of shifting from corn to soybean that doesnt actually effect as. And of course we do expect some modest amount of headwind on the corn side but other than that it will still be growth for us because there is a lot destocking in the big winter hit last year. So even in the herbicide area for us -- even where we sitting to supply chain we still foresee some growth in that 10% year-over-year based on what our customers are telling us. 
Operator: And now our next caller James Sheehan, SunTrust. Please go ahead. 
James Sheehan : Could you comment on the tire additives in Crystex outlook for 2015?
Mark Costa:  Sure great business really excited about our technology breakthrough and the investments we're making to grow this business improve our cost position. In addition to my prepared remarks the great thing about this technologies also going to allow us to have differentiated products not just cheaper ones from the cost point of view. Therefore a lot of opportunities to grow from a primary market demand point of view we expect tire demand growth in '15 versus '14 this industry is had tough couple of years '14 was a tough year especially for Crystex which is highly leveraged to commercial tires and construction and mining tires. So obviously '14 wasnt a good year especially in Asia Pacific. But everything we can see right now from our customer suggests that we're going to have solid growth this year on the demand side. We are very committed to maintaining our market share with our new technology in product advantages and growing with that market as we go forward and so we feel good about it.
James Sheehan : What's the latest status of the pipeline line dispute?
Curtis Espeland: This is Curt as it relates to the pipeline as you've seen the various rulings that are come up in the Texas railroad commission continue to be always in our favorite including the unlawful discriminatory action by West Lake to remove the bidirectional flow as well as the pipeline for exchanges. It is unfortunate these disputes have kind of delayed our ability to get something done and pursue actions with our excess that way in the last few and half. Do you take that now combine with the current oil environment that makes kind of unlikely we're getting thing done soon with that excess [indiscernible] wing positions. So were still looking options but right now it's not likely to have an intention.
Operator: And now we'll move to our next caller Jeffrey Zekauskas, JP Morgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas : Your volume growth in additive was 14% in the quarter and fluids I think was plus 4. If you pick up the acquisition benefits what would those numbers have been?
Mark Costa: You would have saw some slight growth in those segment, other than that is the function of products I think we talked about there was benefit of improvement in volume and are nice coating product line offset by some maybe lower tire added to those product lines.
Jeffrey Zekauskas :  And normally in the fourth quarter your operating cash flow rises versus third quarter and this year the sequential comparison was weaker and I think you had use this year of working capital of around 250 million. Can you speak to what happen to the fourth quarter cash flow or why this year was different than your historical pattern?
Mark Costa: Sure so if you look at just a trend of cash flows in 2014 versus 2013. First of all our cash conversion cycle metrics have actually improved year-over-year. And so we're still seeing good working capital management. The main drivers to the third and fourth quarter Jeff, quite honestly just a timing difference in when we made our pension contributions as well just how tax payments flowed. So it's really those two items on a quarterly, but then well not that dramatically year-over-year. 
Operator: And now we will move to our next question that will come from P.J. Juvekar with Citi. 
P.J. Juvekar: Regarding the propane hedge and I remember Eastman always used to hedge against propane during winter but now you are putting on hedges for going out couple of years for propane also for FX. What's behind the change in strategy? 
Mark Costa: As you know Eastman has had an active hedging program for a number of years PJ, consistent some of the changes and discussions we had whether it's commodities, currencies, interest rates et cetera. We talked last year and we were pretty transparent on this change that consistent with our strategy to deliver consistent year-over-year earnings growth we revised our propane hedging program from that winter spike protection you mentioned to a multi-year program in 2014. Such change in the program was not taken lightly, it was discussed broadly amongst our executive team, it was based on good fundamental analysis and inputs from industry experts which well indicating propane was going to remain volatile much like it did the last few years and as result propane varied from $0.80 a gallon to a $1.50 gallon.  Further all those indications at the time pointed to higher propane cost as the impact of PDH units and expert terminals were supposed to result in U.S propane prices increasing to be more aligned with global prices. So when we assessed that case and we assessed what other different scenarios could play out, we look at the likelihood that propane would drop below $0.80 a gallon and that would here mean it would have had to been even more than it did back in 2009 in recessionary period. So we looked at that as a very extremely remote scenario but nonetheless we know where we're at today, the oil shock has in fact occurred and we recognized we will need to work through these hedge positions over the next three years. 
Curt Espeland: And just to add to that I mean clearly we're a bit of a black swan when it comes to oil even last October the propane forward market was just above a $1 a gallon, so no one really saw this coming and it's an extreme case. I think it is important to keep in mind that what our goal was, was to try and neutralize and frankly get olefins off the table obviously but that objective didn't sort of workout. But when you think about capital deployment -- how were growing our Company you need to step back and realize that while this is an important short-term issue and we're managing it as aggressively as we possibly can. Our strategy is to grow our company in specialty products, our capital deployment centered on organic investments, capital deployment in specialty products like Tritan, like Crystex and microfibers.  Our acquisition are centered on adding great portfolios of businesses that are durable under these kind of volatile scenarios and have great ways to grow with nice macro trends. So the things that we're controlling, that we're investing in and that give long-term growth are all sort of moving in that direction and reducing the amount of olefins is part of our portfolio. We intentionally choose a strategy not to be investing against the spread of oil versus Shell gas in large investments. Obviously, we're not happy about this hedge but the hedge also rolls off over the next couple of years.  And even if you look at it on a short-term basis more like '15 to '16 I don't expect it to be a headwind in '16 unless we think oil is going to further drop from here and I think most people have of the view that it's stable to up and then we're backing to growing earnings 8% to 12% in '16 or '15 per our strategy. When you sort of think about this whole oil scenario is really just a '15 type issue for us. 
P.J. Juvekar: And secondly, adhesive volumes breakdown, I mean on the last quarter you talked about lower rosin supply from this year's crop and how do you see that impacting your resin pricing. And then in terms of volumes what do you think is going in the Chinese adhesive market? Thank you. 
Mark Costa: Adhesives has had a nice recovery in '14 to '13 and we expect it to continue into '15. So we're seeing very strong solid demand growth in hygiene, high value packaging applications that use our more advantaged hydrogenated resins, so it's been a nice demand story in '14 and that will continue into '15.  What we also see is the availability of hydrocarbon raw materials to make resins became tighter again relative to demand growth and we got some surprising power back and we are able to start improving our margins. And as part of that question rosin prices have been relatively stable at a more normalized level, so it's not as attractive to substitute from hydrocarbons to rosins as it was back in 2013 and that's expected to stay pretty stable consistent in '15. So we just continue to think of this business is having continued recovery which will be a balance of creating value for our shareholders with price and volume as that raw material market is also a little bit tied to the whole industry on making hydrocarbon resins, so we're going to create value with both levers. 
Operator:
. :
Laurence Alexander: In your free cash flow bridge for 2015 what is your working capital assumption and then have seen working capital days evolving in 2016, 2017?
Mark Costa: So generally speaking I expect our cash conversion cycle to be roughly the same. Particularly what we focus on mostly is the quantity, when we look at items like inventory. So as we work through that business-by-business look at where some of their growth is going to be and understand a working capital requirements et cetera. I generally think it will be flat. Now we will also try to estimate the impact of the flow through lower raws that we have been talking about today on a net basis, so we have factored in that as well. So when I think about working capital 15 over 14 on a net-debt, I think its going to be a slight headwind for us a cash basis going into 15. 
Laurence Alexander: Okay, and then on Taminco, you addressed sort of the Ag impact for amines on the volume side, are you seeing any pressure on margins for that industry for that business, either in 2015 or going into 2016?
Mark Costa: No we are not seeing any pressures on the margin side. I will remind you that most of Tamincos businesses is long-term contracted, pricing structures are typically cost pass-through, so olefins go down they are going to pass-through, if it goes up it passes through. So in general I dont think there is anything meaningful from a price point view, they of course have some modest currency headwinds in their European operations, but its not significant relative to some of the other parts of our portfolio. So thats not really a concern. 
Operator: And now moving to the next question that will come from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs. 
Bob Koort : At least in Taminco I know thats chlorine chloride other product that serves the drilling industry, and you guys started to see some erosion in demand trends for any of your energy application?
Mark Costa: Hey Bob good question. We are looking at that, right now the chlorine chloride is a pretty small percentage of the total portfolio for fracking. Some of that goes into cleaning up sour gas which isnt as vulnerable as some of those dynamic of the oil right now. But we arent seeing any dramatic trends yet in the demand and it seems pretty solid starting out year, but our forecast includes an expectation of softening demand growth in that business towards the back half of the year. You cant avoid the news of how people cutting back on drilling right now. And so we expect that to be little bit more modest. But its a very small percentage of the total revenue today. So, not a big exposure. 
Bob Koort : Let me ask you -- maybe its more of a theoretical question but, it seems to be Eastman is positioned like many companies, between cracker outputs and ultimate consumer products. And we are seeing a lot of the output, some of these refineries crackers have melted down and we also hear from a lot of consumer the end market companies saying they havent really seen any great windfall yet, so it would seem that there is a whole slug of profitability out there that somebody should be grabbing at the moment. And maybe Eastman given where you are across that supply chain, so is there potential for that to happen? Are the customers just too aggressive in seeking out their share of that raw material? Is there something about your particular portfolio that doesnt expose you to that release beyond the propane hedge? Why arent Companies like yours really sitting at sweet spot for the next couple of quarters until the customers can bang down pricing? 
Mark Costa: Bob of I all I can assure you that we are everything we can do to aggressively hold on the value everywhere in this raw material environment. The story is product-by-product I can give you a different story where we are very strong, a lot of our portfolio frankly just is an subject to this raw material tailwind, its just very steady very nice, solid margin businesses, our whole cellulose ester and is just is in part of this dynamic right now. And so you put that aside and say lets focus on volume growth -- in delivering value. In the places where you got benzene, Para xylene, parts of advanced materials, heat transfer fluids and PPD things like that where we got some raw material tailwind, some of that, some are commodity oriented, you are going to pass the price on pretty fast and you got formula contracts in place. And other places we are going to hold on to as much of that value as we can, and there is the dynamics are different.  And then olefins its a same story. Some of its commodity where its going to pass on quickly you can see where the prices are going in some of the SFI products and the ISIS daily report. But other places are holding on to. So our guidance includes holding on to modest amount of that value through the year to offset the currency and propane hedge headwinds. So get us to where we are guiding right now, if we do better in holding on that value which is certainly our goal. That will be upside. But we dont want to get ahead of ourselves until we see how successful we are after the first quarter. 
Bob Koort : And do you have concerns settling those hedges just to remove the stigma going forward and people will capitalize that?
Mark Costa: Whether its cash flow heads and we dont get in the habit of trying to reposition them constantly, but we do evaluate that but if you look at the opportunity right now it looks like ways more likely to go up than down. I think quite honestly even if we settle them from a cash basis the earnings implication will still flow through as a cash flow hedges over the next couple of years. 
Operator: And our last question will come from Mike Sison with KeyBanc.
Mike Sison : Mark you talked about, Saflex the interesting business doing pretty well in 14, can you talk about the growth potential in 15 and is that a business that could really benefit from the raw materials as you hold pricing?
Mark Costa: Great, question Mike. The interlayers business is great business in particular the premium products Acoustics and heads-up displays, both high margin, very high growth double-digits and expected to continue from a volume point of view into 2015 and beyond. OEM auto builders are switching not just windshields acoustics but side lamps, et cetera for both acoustic and light weighting purposes, so it's just a great growth trend and weve got some great next generation products coming out down the pipe to make that value proposition even better over the next couple of years. on the pricing side, you're absolutely right, premium products you dont have to give a lot of the drill benefit back, so that will also be some tailwind for that business across all portfolio those also have a lot of our business area annual contracts like fibers where we sort of get locked in and so if you have headwinds like we did last year and then prices going up, that hurts and this year we expect to have some tailwind.
Mike Sison : And you maintained your EPS accretion for Taminco that you had previously -- is the integration synergy potential about the same in that number is it better, how is that coming along?
Mark Costa: First of all Id say the integration efforts have gone up to a great start across many fronts, great feedback from customer suppliers and were really thankful to have the talent thats come over from Taminco to help us manage these businesses. As you look at the synergies themselves, we still feel were on target to a 5% synergy, if you recall those 5% synergies are mostly cost synergies in the form of operational synergies, supply chain optimization, et cetera. Those will take a little longer than some of the synergies that weve captured from other acquisition such as Solutia. So I still feel good about getting these majority of these 5% over the next two years, we get just a portion of that in 2015, maybe little less than I was thinking little while ago, but well get the majority of those cost synergies in 2016 and then well get a little bit beyond that plus the business and revenue synergies will kick in there.
Mark Costa: Thank you again everyone for joining us this morning. A web replay and a replay and downloadable MP3 format will be available on our Web site later this morning. Thanks again and have a good day.
Operator: Once again ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude your cash conference for today. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-31 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory A. Riddle - Vice President of Investor Relations and Communications Mark J. Costa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division John Roberts - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Research Division Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Nils-Bertil Wallin - CLSA Limited, Research Division Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Greg Riddle. Please go ahead.
Gregory A. Riddle: Thank you, Kim, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Chairman and CEO; Curt Espeland, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Josh Morgan, Manager of Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover 3 items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's third quarter 2014 financial results news release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-K filed for 2013 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for third quarter 2014. Second, earnings per share and operating earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain noncore or nonrecurring costs and charges. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded items, are available in our third quarter 2014 financial results news release can be found on eastman.com in the Investors section. Projections of future earnings in the presentation also exclude such items as described in the third quarter news release. Lastly, we've posted slides that accompany our remarks for this morning's call on our website in the Presentations and Events section. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Mark J. Costa: Thanks, Greg. Good morning. It's shaping up to be a beautiful day here in the Smoky Mountains, beautiful fall day, and happy Halloween. I'm happy to say for our shareholders we have a treat, not a trick, as great results this quarter and a good outlook for the fourth quarter next year. I'll start with my comments on Page 3. This has been an exciting quarter for Eastman as we have made solid progress towards our global -- our goal of becoming a leading special chemical company. We delivered strong EPS in the third quarter despite continued global economic uncertainty, and I'm proud to say we're on track for a fifth consecutive year of compelling earnings growth in 2014. Earnings growth is a reflection of how our world-class technology platforms have enabled great success in establishing leadership positions in key end markets, diversifying into attractive end markets and geographies, and enabling an advantaged cost position through vertical integration and advantaged raw material position. In September, we entered into an agreement to acquire Taminco, a highly successful global specialty chemical producer with a clear focus on niche markets built on their world dealership position in alkylamines and derivatives. Taminco has the #1 or 2 global market share position for the vast majority of the chemicals producers, making it a very exciting addition to our portfolio. Today, I'm pleased to report that the closing process is on schedule, and we expect the transaction to close by the end of the year. We couldn't be more excited about the addition of this great company to our portfolio. Also during the quarter, I was most excited to see the results of our innovation, leveraging our world-class technology platforms. Our strong growth of innovative high-value specialty products was a big driver of our earnings growth in the quarter and will be in our future, especially in Advanced Materials segment. And lastly, we generated $355 million of free cash flow in the quarter, which reaffirms the quality and the strength of the Eastman portfolio. And I'm confident that this strength will continue to be a great value driver for investors in the future. As we move on to Slide 4, I'll cover our third quarter corporate results. Our portfolio of businesses posted solid year-over-year revenue growth of 3%, with 4 of our 5 segments delivering very strong growth. The higher revenue is primarily driven by higher volume and improved mix in Advanced Materials as well as higher volume in Adhesives & Plasticizers. Pricing was also higher, particularly in the Specialty Fluids & Intermediates segment. Operating earnings increased by 5% year-over-year, driven by revenue growth in Advanced Materials, Adhesives & Plasticizers and Specialty Fluids & Intermediates, and the continued reduction in raw material and energy costs. Earnings per share improved by 12%, driven by higher operating earnings and a lower share count. The lower share count reflects our continued commitment to return share -- return cash to our shareholders and fully deploy our balance sheet. All in all, our strategy is to continue to get great results, and I'm confident that we've put ourselves in an excellent position to continue delivering these results for our shareholders through this year and the years to come. With that, I'll turn it over to Curt.
Curtis E. Espeland: Okay. Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin on Slide 5, with a review of the Additives & Functional Products results. Sales revenue was higher by 3%, primarily due to higher selling prices and higher sales volumes for coatings product lines. That was attributed to stronger demand in several key end markets, particularly building and construction and durable goods. Revenue growth in coatings was somewhat offset by lower sales volume for Crystex insoluble sulfur, primarily due to lower demand in both Asia and Latin America. Operating earnings were lower by $9 million, primarily due to higher raw material energy costs, particularly for propane; and costs related to the development of our next-generation Crystex rubber additive technology. The higher raw material and energy costs reflect the flow-through effect of higher cost inventory, with inventory turns for specialty products typically taking a bit longer than other parts of our portfolio. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect both revenue and earnings to have a strong growth year-over-year and to be about flat sequentially due to solid demands for coatings product lines; strong volume improvement for tire additives product lines, particularly in Asia Pacific; lower raw material and energy costs; and lower fixed costs for Crystex due to our intent to close a manufacturing facility and as we ramp down development costs from higher levels. As a result, we expect operating earnings will be approximately $400 million for the year. Given the headwinds this business has faced this year and the investment we are making in Crystex for the future, we view these as solid results. In addition, AFP is well-positioned for solid earnings growth in 2015 and beyond, supported by great technology platforms, leadership positions in attractive end markets and advantaged cost positions. Adhesives & Plasticizers is on Slide 6, and they reported another solid quarter. Sales revenue increased by 8% as higher sales volume more than offset lower selling prices. The higher sales volumes in adhesives resins was primarily attributed to stronger end-market demand, particularly for packaging and hygiene. The higher sales volume for plasticizers was attributed to the continued substitution of phthalate-based plasticizers with non-phthalate-based plasticizers, with Eastman 168 non-phthalate plasticizer volume growing about 13% in the quarter. Lower selling prices for plasticizers was attributed to the continuation of global competitive pressures, resulting from weak demand in Asia Pacific. Operating earnings increased by $11 million, primarily due to higher sales volume and higher capacity utilization in adhesives resins that resulted in lower unit costs. Operating costs were also lower, and this includes targeted cost reductions that are helping us this year and will continue to help us into 2015. Looking forward to the fourth quarter. In addition to the seasonality we typically see in the segment, we anticipate some constraints for key raw materials and adhesives resins to result in lower volume year-over-year. This raw material supply issue is the result of a shift to lighter feedstocks across the industry, resulting in fewer byproducts. It isn't unique to Eastman, and our feedstock flexibility provides an advantage in a tight raw material environment. For the full year, we expect Adhesives & Plasticizers earnings to be approximately $190 million. This level of earnings would be approximately 10% higher versus 2013 and reflects a stable foundation for future growth. Moving next to Advanced Materials on Slide 7. Revenue growth accelerated in the quarter, with year-over-year revenue sales up 4%. The 5% volume increase was primarily due to continued strong growth of premium products across the segment. Premium product growth was driven by Eastman Tritan copolyester, which was up 15%; as well as Eastman Visualize Material, interlayers with acoustic properties; and V-Kool window film, each of which continues to benefit from strong adoption in their respective markets. Operating earnings increased by $11 million, driven by higher volume and improved product mix. The Advanced Materials segment had a strong quarter and continues to deliver earnings growth in higher margin supported by 3 drivers we have previously discussed: higher volume, improved product mix and fixed cost leverage as we fill out previous capacity expansions. Looking at the fourth quarter, we expect normal seasonality to impact demand across all major product lines and associated lower capacity utilization. However, we expect operating earnings to be meaningfully higher year-over-year, resulting from a continuation of mix improvements across the segment, favorable raw material costs, particularly in copolyesters and lower-fixed costs. As a result, for the full year, we are tightening our range toward the upper end of what was previously provided and now expect operating earnings to be between $290 million and $300 million, reflecting an expected double-digit earnings growth for this segment versus 2013. Next is Fibers on Slide 8. Sales revenue declined as lower acetate tow sales volume more than offset higher selling prices and higher sales of acetate flake to Eastman's China joint venture. The lower acetate tow sales volume was due to the impact from additional industry capacitation for acetate tow -- primarily Eastman's joint venture with China National Tobacco Corporation; flattened demand in China that has resulted in a reduction in imports; and customer buying patterns, which we have experienced before in this segment. Operating earnings were basically unchanged as higher selling prices and lower raw material and energy costs were offset by the lower acetate tow sales volume and resulted in lower capacity utilization, which resulted in higher unit costs. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect a sequential pick-up in earnings due to customer buying patterns for acetate tow positively impacting our results. For the full year, we continue to expect operating earnings to be approximately $480 million, which would be a solid improvement over 2013's earnings. I'll finish up the segment reviews with Specialty Fluids & Intermediates on Slide 9. Sales revenue increased, primarily due to higher selling prices for intermediate product lines. The higher prices were largely the result of supply tightness in multiple markets, most of which we do not expect to continue through the fourth quarter. Revenue in the quarter was also positively impacted by the aviation turbine oil business we acquired from BP. You will recall we have closed this transaction during the second quarter and have gained a growing specialty business that aligns well with our existing Skydrol aviation fluids business. The higher intermediate selling prices and addition of the aviation turbine oil business revenue, was partially offset by weaker sales volume and heat transfer fluids as well as lower intermediate sales volume, resulting from greater demand internally for downstream derivatives. The lower sales revenue for heat transfer fluids is due to delays or cancellation of industrial products -- projects, and we continue to expect this to continue in 2015. Year-over-year, operating earnings increased due to higher intermediate selling prices and the benefit from the acquired aviation turbine oil business, partially offset by higher raw material and energy costs as well as lower sales revenue for heat transfer fluids. Looking to the fourth quarter. We expect continued strong performance in the intermediates product lines driven by solid demand and lower propane costs as well as the continued benefit from aviation fluids product lines. However, we also expect normal seasonality demand and for demand weakness in heat transfer fluids to continue. In addition, this segment is impacted the most by the costs from a maintenance shutdown at our -- at the largest of our crackers at our Longview site. This shutdown occurs every -- once every 5 years, and we expect the impact to be approximately $20 million for the company. The shutdown has been recently completed and was done in a safe and timely manner. This was not a trivial shutdown given the various complexities involved, including the weather. So I want to thank the Eastman team involved for their diligent efforts and demonstrating, once again, the operating capabilities of this company. Anyway, taking this together and recognizing the volatility inherent in the business, we continue to expect operating earnings for the full year to be in the range of $300 million to $320 million. On Slide 10, I'll cover some other financial highlights. On one of my favorite topics, during the quarter, we generated a very strong $560 million in operating cash. This, again, reflects the solid net earnings that we -- was the main driver as well as our working capital discipline. And as with previous years, during the quarter, our working capital turned from a use to a source of cash. Our cash flow in the quarter was also -- reflects timing of lower cash tax payments and the timing of pension payments, which will occur in the fourth quarter. Our free cash flow in the quarter was $355 million, including $53 million in dividends. Capital expenditures totaled $152 million in the third quarter, and we continue to expect our full year 2014 capital expenditures to be approximately $575 million. With the expectations for cash from operations approaching a record of $1.4 billion for the full year, we are on track for full year free cash flow of approximately $600 million. Besides dividends, we have returned cash to stockholders, with share repurchases of $50 million in the third quarter, bringing our total share repurchases to $410 million through the first 3 quarters of the year. You should expect that for the next couple of years, our focus will be on deleveraging following the close of the Taminco acquisition. While we are deleveraging, we do expect to continue to offset dilution with share repurchases. Lastly, our tax rate for the quarter was approximately 27% below the second quarter due to a reversal of a deferred tax reserve, but it is essentially flat compared to the third quarter of 2013 when we see the benefit for our adjustments to the tax provision to reflect the finalization of our 2012 federal tax return. We continue to expect our tax rate for the full year to be approximately 28%. It could be lower if a package of tax extenders, including the various business and other R&D tax credits, is signed into law later this year. So with that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark J. Costa: Thanks, Curt. On Slide 11, I'll review our outlook for 2014. I'm excited about the strong earnings and growth that we've seen through the first 9 months. As I look forward into the fourth quarter of 2014, we expect it to continue to grow. We expect sales revenue year-over-year to increase roughly in line with global GDP, and this reflects continued growth of our specialty products, particularly in Advanced Materials; increased volume in Additives & Functional Products, driven by higher coatings volume and strong volume improvement for tire additives, particularly in Asia Pacific; and solid revenue growth in Fibers due to customer buying patterns. So far this quarter, we're seeing strong orders through October across the company. Of course, there's always some risk of more-than-normal destocking with the current economic uncertainty, but we don't see any evidence of it yet. We also expect some favorable raw material and energy tailwinds to improve earnings. As a result, we expect operating earnings in the fourth quarter to be up strongly year-over-year. The increase is expected to be pretty much across the company. Taking all of this into account, I'm very excited about being able to revise our guidance for 2014 to be approaching $7 a share, which will be our 5th consecutive year of earnings growth. And we believe this momentum can continue in the years going forward. That brings me to our last slide, which is our Investor Day, which is scheduled for next Thursday, November 6 in New York. I'm very excited about how we're going to bring our growth strategy to life, which will deliver outperforming earnings growth and a very strong free cash flow for our shareholders. We will discuss how we've transformed our portfolio into a leading specialty chemical company. Within this portfolio, we're particularly proud of the progress we are making with delivering innovative products to the market, and we will discuss the strength of our core businesses and how they are well positioned to deliver solid revenue growth and sustainable margins. I'm confident that our strategy will create great value for our shareholders now and into the future. There are more details on our website in the Investors section. I really look forward to seeing as many of you as can make it next week. And with that, I'll turn it over to Greg.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay. Thanks, Mark. [Operator Instructions] With that, Kim, we are ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go to our first question from David Begleiter of Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Mark, just on acetate tow. As you head into year-end negotiations, what are you hearing from your customers about underlying demand, specifically in China, for tow and cigarettes for '15 and beyond?
Mark J. Costa: David, so the Fibers business is one we're certainly paying a lot of attention to and trying to make sure we have a good understanding of the market. What I would say is that we see demand as basically relatively flat in China this year relative to last year. And as we look at that, I think that it's principally driven by austerity measures from what everyone is telling us as opposed to a broader set of trends. And so as we think about austerity measures, they tend to have a onetime effect. And so as we look at population growth and other factors, you can see a scenario where demand in China could improve going forward, probably at a moderate level to the past, but continue to deliver some level of growth. So that's our view on China. So when you add that together with the rest of the world, where you still have growth in Asia Pacific and some other parts of Eastern Europe and Latin America, you can see a scenario where global demand growth is slightly improving going forward. Now as we think about specifics to 2015 and what's going on in this year, there are 2 things to keep in mind. One is, part of the reason demand is down this year is our joint venture with CNTC. So as they bring their joint venture online, they're obviously going to shift volume to running the joint venture full like they do the other joint ventures, and then that's going to have an impact on import volumes, and we've taken our share of impact on those imports -- reductions this year, which, of course, is more than what you would have expected with flat demand. So there's a bit of that going on this year that factors into it. There is some debate and speculation around to what extent there's inventory that needs to be destocked in China if they are producing -- expecting growth which didn't materialize. So we also view that there's always some -- a moderate amount of inventory correction that you could see next year or as part of what is going on this year. But overall, I think the important to tell -- the investors need to understand is we see this business being stable, we see the demand being stable and -- as well as our earnings being stable going forward from this business. And if we don't see that demand materialize, we do have our actions we can take in managing our cost structure to respond to keep earnings stable again. So that's where we see it. We'll spend a lot more time talking about this at our Investor Day next week.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Very good. And Mark, just on Crystex. Can you talk about underlying demand? And when do you expect that demand to actually pick up doing forward?
Mark J. Costa: First of all, we've seen already a pick-up. So October, we saw a strong rebound in orders in Crystex, especially in China, which is where we saw the most destocking. It's important to remember that we're highly levered at commercial and truck tires as opposed to passenger tires as you compare us to the reports of our downstream customers. It's 10x as much Crystex in a truck tire as a passenger tire. And so October volume is actually, on a global basis, the strongest month of orders we've seen in 24 months. We're already seen a good rebound. Of course, when we need to see this continue into November and December, but at least we're off to a good start.
Operator: And we'll move on to our next question from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Could you just speak a little bit to the customer buying patterns in Fibers? Is that just sort of a seasonal thing? Is it a trade load? Or -- and what gives you the confidence that it's going to swing back in 4Q, which I typically think there was a time where these guys liked to manage inventory levels going into the end of the year?
Mark J. Costa: Vincent, I think the old word that prior CEOs of Eastman have used is chunky, and I think that customer buying patterns don't have some sort of predictable seasonal pattern in the fibers industry. There is a lot of different factors that go into how they manage their purchases. And we can already see improved orders from China in the fourth quarter. So I'm pretty sure we can see what's going on, and we expect the volume to improve. So it was just a shifting of order patterns as they were adjusting some inventory in third quarter versus fourth.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And could I ask, on the cash flow statement, you had very strong cash generation in one of the items. There's like $101 million that came on the other line. What was that?
Mark J. Costa: Vince, that's an example of the cash tax payments in third quarter of this year is lower than they were last year. So that's the primary driver.
Operator: The next question comes from John Roberts of UBS.
John Roberts - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I assume you view the Texas Railroad Commission ruling as favorable. Do you expect that to be appealed? And will that allow you to restart a process to explore any transactions for your olefins capacity?
Curtis E. Espeland: This is Curt. Well, just to remind everyone, there's 3 disputes with Westlake over that pipeline. Two disputes was the hearing that was held earlier in this year around bidirectional flow and swaps, and there's a hearing that's been held on tariff that we're still waiting for a ruling. But on those first 2 items, the ruling was issued by the examiner, as you indicated, on October 20. The ruling was in favor of Eastman as they found Westlake's removal of bidirectional flow and exchanges as an unlawfully discriminatory action against Eastman. We're not surprised by that ruling, given our position and our outstanding legal team. So parties do have the ability to appeal this decision within 15 days. We're just going to wait that 15-day period out and see what happens. Until then, just to your comment, we have continued to explore options with our excess -- ethylene position. The timing, unfortunately, has been impacted by this activity with Westlake, but we'll continue to explore those options now that this ruling is out there.
John Roberts - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then as a follow-up, how much of your revenue would you expect to see some price pressure from customers or competitors if ethylene, propylene and other petrochemicals start declining as a result of lower NAFTA prices?
Mark J. Costa: I'll take that question. Just on the Westlake part, I want to add one additional comment, which is we're committed to try and reduce the earnings volatility of our company, which is why we're looking at selling those crackers. But I need to remind investors that this is not a material event, whether we keep those crackers or we sell them. The bulk ethylene is about 2% of our earnings stream this year, and it's just not what people should be focusing on. And it's a great segue into your second question, which is what's the impact of the $85 oil scenario on Eastman? And we, of course, are spending a lot of time thinking about that and trying to assess what that impact might be. And at a high level, I don't think there's a substantial impact to Eastman. And I'll walk you through our logic and give you a rough idea of what the impact could be. So most of the press I read says that the brand oil going down to $85 is primarily a supply-driven event. So first, I'm going to talk about this holding demand constant. Because if it's supply-driven, it's not a -- we're not having a macroeconomic recession debate here. And there are really sort of 3 drivers to keep in mind when you assess Eastman as we think about this impact. The first is, of course, our raw material costs will improve. As propane prices drop, we'll benefit from that. That would be somewhat mitigated by the hedging strategy we have in place. Also, you have to remember that about 1/3 of our purchased -- raw materials purchase is propylene, not propane. And we'll see benefits of lower purchase propylene costs coming into us. So we'll see a tailwind there. The other side of the equation, of course, is what does propylene and ethylene prices do to us. Well, first of all, we don't sell a lot of -- we don't sell any propylene, and we only sell a modest amount of ethylene, as I mentioned, when it comes to total earnings for Eastman. So we sell derivatives. A lot of those are specialty products. And as raw materials fall, we generally tend to have stickiness in our prices that don't fall as fast as our raw materials. And therefore, we'll capture some value on the way down as you think about 2015. The third part that's quite important is that we're not just -- olefins is only 15% of our overall earnings this year if you look at it from a pure cracking spread point of view. And so you've got to remember that the other vast majority of Eastman benefits generally from a lower raw material environment. And so the third component is our raw materials, paraxylene and benzene. And things like them [ph] , PVOH, are all going to improve. And again, those are specialty products that have stickiness with raw materials moving, and we should benefit. And then we can shift to the demand equation. If it's a supply-driven event with $85 oil, then this is going to a great economic stimulus for the world. It is going to help improve cost structures for consumers, for governments, that should help everyone from China to Europe to the U.S. So I can make an argument that we'll have a demand offset there, too. But ignoring demand for a moment and just holding demand constant, I would say that the impact to us is roughly around $0.25 in EPS as a potential headwind. And then if you believe that the world's going to be stimulated by $85 oil and we'll get growth out of it, then we'll offset some of that $0.25. So overall, not material. At the end of the day, Eastman is just not an olefins play. We continue to sort of get lumped into that category by some, and they seem to be missing the fact that we've significantly transformed our portfolio. This is becoming a smaller percentage. And as we grow our specialty products and add Taminco to our portfolio, it's going to become an even smaller percentage of our EPS in 2015.
Curtis E. Espeland: And Mark, if I can just clarify. John, that 25% EPS headwind is going into 2015.
Mark J. Costa: Yes, sorry. That's -- this is a 2015 analysis. We actually feel good about our position for 2014.
Operator: Our next question comes from Duffy Fischer of Barclays.
Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Research Division: A question kind of on competitive dynamics. The Chinese are building out a lot of propylene molecules over the next couple of years, and they're trying very hard to get to some of the downstream derivatives where you guys would compete like 2-EH. When you look through your propylene derivative portfolio, how do you think you're set up competitively versus kind of this onslaught from China over the next several years?
Mark J. Costa: We always look at that competitive situation. The reality is, it's already very competitive in China from a supply -- oversupply point of view, and our margins have still held up quite well. The vast majority of our 2-EH and other propylene derivatives that we sell out of SFI are sold in North America, where we have a better industry structure and a better cost structure. And we tend not to compete so much in Asia Pacific with those kind of products. And then when you get to the specialty products, we're not competing on a basis of propylene prices anyway. We're competing on value, so I don't think it's going to be significant.
Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then on the due diligence you did on Taminco, one of the pushbacks I'm getting from some investors is it gives you ag exposure at a point when most investors don't want ag exposure. When you did your due diligence, what kind of downside, if ag went into a 2-year down cycle, let's say, could we see out of that business?
Mark J. Costa: We, of course, looked at the ag exposure, both short term and long term. And first, from a long-term point of view, we feel great about the long-term macro trends for ag. So really, the question is just, short term, is there some risk specifically in crop products like corn and soybean with where prices have gone to demand for us? And when you really dig into the Taminco portfolio, the amount of exposure in total earnings that they have to grow crops is not that high. Their whole crop protection business actually goes in the high-value products -- fruits, vegetables, things like that, where we don't see any risk to demand trends. And they've got a great pipeline of new growth products going in crop protection. So you're really talking about a small part of the functional means that go into ag. And if we think -- we know there is some exposure there we factored in our valuation, and we still feel good about our guidance.
Operator: And we'll move on to our next question from Frank Mitsch of Wells Fargo.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: You talked about a potential $0.25 headwind in 2015, which begs the question, how are you thinking about 2015 in general and obviously, that $8 marker that's out there?
Mark J. Costa: Mitsch, I know I can always count on you asking this question, so I appreciate it. Well, in this case, I'm actually going to beg off a little bit to Investor Day. We've put together a very compelling and exciting story about how Eastman is going to grow earnings in '15 and beyond for next week, and I don't want to steal our thunder from next week. But the short answer is I think we're going to do fine in 2015. I still feel confident we're going to grow Eastman's earnings in a strong way into next year. And then the Eastman -- and then the Taminco acquisition and the Commonwealth acquisition will add great earnings accretion to that growth. So we still feel good about that. Obviously, if we stay in the $85 oil scenario next year, there will be some mitigation to that growth, that $0.25 roughly. But you got to keep in mind that $0.25 out of our total EPS is a very small number on a percentage basis. And it doesn't change our goal to grow -- deliver good growth in earnings next year over this year.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: All right. Well, I certainly appreciate the teaser for the meeting next week. And then just on A&P. You talk -- adhesives, it looks like the second quarter now we're with pretty good growth. How sustainable do you look at that? And then, obviously, on the plasticizer side, you're still seeing some price competition. What's the outlook there?
Mark J. Costa: First of all, we feel great about how this business has stabilized and how it's improved this year and how we expect it to continue delivering earnings growth into the next couple of years, which we'll, of course, address next week as well. On the adhesives side, what we see going on is demand's come back. We had soft demand in '13, as we all know. But hygiene, hot melt adhesive packaging, which is a very sophisticated application that requires high-performance resins, we're seeing some great growth in that and great demand coming to us. And then on the supply side, the industry has just become tight again, and that's allowed us to improve our pricing power and capture the value that we create for our customers. So we see that as a good thing. The resin crops came in a little below average, and then the crop outlook for next year is that, that's just finished and the resins are collecting off [ph] the hills today. It looks like it's going to be slightly below average. So the industry looks like it's going to stay tight going into next year. Plasticizers, demand growth has been very strong as people continue to switch to non-phthalates plasticizers. And then the spread compression has offset that this year, but we expect that to moderate because where pricing has reached, I think we're reaching a point of stabilization on the pricing front as we go into next year.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Bob Koort of Goldman Sachs.
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could give us an update on your PDH offtake -- that plant, when you expect to actually start receiving material and how that might compare to the original time line.
Gregory A. Riddle: Bob, this is Greg. I think what Enterprise has said publicly is that, that would be online in early 2016, and I think that's just a little bit later than originally anticipated.
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And is there -- I know you guys have some sort of bridge agreement until that plant started up. Do you get the favorable cost plus economics during that bridge period? Or do you have to wait until that unit is actually producing?
Gregory A. Riddle: There is a propylene market contract that's in place. It started in 2013 and...
Mark J. Costa: And we're seeing the benefits of both today, and that will continue until that product has -- project has come in online.
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And relative to what somebody else asked earlier about oil, and you mentioned it's a -- much ado about nothing maybe for Eastman. I think you were right to point out you're not an olefins company. I'm curious, though, given your feedstock base and some of your Appalachian coal exposure relative to maybe peers that are more oil-based, I mean, would you expect to see some compression in margins as maybe coal prices locally don't necessarily match up with what oil prices are doing globally? Or would we expect your raw material basket to echo changes in oil prices?
Mark J. Costa: Bob, that's a great question. First of all, we love our cellulosic acid teal [ph] stream and its profitability. And it is coal based here in Tennessee, where we're one of the few companies in the world -- certainly, the only company really outside of China that does coal gasification successfully. And that position has translated into a lot of value for us. When you look at the final products where we're selling, those aren't really based on NAFTA, and the competitor's cost structure is more of a natural gas kind of competition. And the vast majority of our cellulosics that come off of our coal are very high-value specialty products that aren't trading on movements of raw materials on a daily, monthly or even annual basis.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Nils Wallin of CLSA.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - CLSA Limited, Research Division: With regard to the volume declines in acetate tow, and you're also mentioning that you had Eastman-specific things that you could pull if you didn't see demand. What are those Eastman-specific things? Are you -- would you consider closing any capacity going forward? And at what level in terms of margins or -- would you say it's time to start taking control of the market on your own?
Mark J. Costa: Well, certainly, there are a number of different choices we have in front of us. One of those choices is capacity, but we're not going to make any snap decisions here. There's a lot of uncertainty in what's going on in the fibers market, obviously, with the change of demand pattern in China. I think we're getting a good grip and understanding of that. Were still in the beginning of contract season right now to see how our contracts will play out and therefore, what our volume will be next year and more importantly, what we think is going to happen with volume on a long-term basis, not just reacting to short-term events. And then we'll make the appropriate decisions of what is the best way to manage our cost structure if we see demand pressure, but I'm not going to get into those details until it's appropriate.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Understood. And then on Tritan, the 15% growth is obviously quite strong. Would you be able to parse out how much of that is just the capacity expansion versus market share gains? And what type of growth rate do you expect for that product going forward?
Gregory A. Riddle: Nils, this is Greg. The debottleneck, as it's coming on line here in the fourth quarter, is happening in the fourth quarter, so that would not have affected the kind of growth that they had in the third quarter. So that's still to come as the debottleneck gets completed.
Mark J. Costa: But just to brag on the Tritan product and the team that has delivered such great growth across so many markets and applications. This is a great business. We've seen tremendous growth out of this business. Last year was incredible. This year has been very strong. We see all kinds of applications coming our way in the future, and new end markets like medical that we haven't even touched yet. So we're going to continue investing against this and growing it.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Kevin McCarthy of Bank of America.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just to follow up on Advanced Materials market. I think you cited a number of factors there driving it to the high end, better mix, raw materials, lower fixed cost. I was wondering if you could just kind of walk us through this -- those issues, provide a little bit more color and where you're seeing the positive variances by product line. Is it mainly Tritan or in the other pieces of the segment?
Mark J. Costa: Great question. We're extremely happy with how Advanced Materials has been performing through the last few years and what we expect going forward. And it is a -- it's a specialty product mix upgrade story that's very consistent all the way back to what we said at Investor Day in 2012. And it's across the board. So yes, Tritan is showing tremendous growth and improvement. It's a high-margin product. We've got a great patent position, which we -- we'll be able to sustain this advantage in the marketplace for many years to come. And so that's a part of it. But that's not the only part. If you look at the interlayers business, we're seeing tremendous growth in our acoustic interlayer products that go on automotive windshields, not just further adoption of different OEMs, but starting to put acoustics on the side windows, so just an acceleration of growth relative to underlying demand. And that's a great product, and we're excited about the next-generation products we see there. And in the window film business, also showing good growth in China and North America. We're still in the beginning of implementing our growth programs there. So we see a lot of growth coming from that as we go into the future. So it's really across the board that we see this story, and we have a lot of capacity available in these segments. We don't have to spend much capital, except for Tritan, to continue to grow and leverage that capacity so we get the fixed cost benefit. And the other great thing about this business is the assets are very flexible. So as we grow the specialty high-end value products, we can shift and make those on the same assets we've been making some of the more core products over the past. So we just get a lot of leverage in this business.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Appreciate that. And then a second question, if I may, for Curt. Propane has been very volatile. It started off the year as a trick. And at the moment, anyway, it looks like a treat, but you've got a lot of hedges in place. Can you talk about 2015? And what can you tell us about hedge levels and ratios as we think about the economics versus the volatility?
Curtis E. Espeland: So as a reminder, the intent of our commodity hedging program, as you indicate, is really to reduce earnings volatility related to input costs, particularly like propane and natural gas. And as I discussed earlier in the year, we kind of changed our hedging philosophy. Instead of just going out 6 months out, we now go out multiple years to take advantage of forward curves as the year progresses. So specifically on propane, we -- I would characterize, we have hedged a substantial portion of our purchases for the remaining of fourth quarter as well as 2015. You can imagine, I was taking those position -- our team was taking those positions during the course of this year, which was probably just over $1 as a lot of those forward curves were reflecting at that time. We use -- do use a combination of swaps and options, and so we still get to enjoy some of the benefit as propane comes down going into next year. But the swaps, obviously, are helping us kind get a predictable cost flow and reduce earnings volatility. And as a reminder, hedging is just one of the things we're doing to reduce the amount of focus the investment community tends to have on our olefins exposure. And so this hedging program not only helps achieve reduced earnings volatility, but it should lessen the focus on olefins for this company.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas of JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Do you expect your filter tow volumes to grow next year? And if you do, by what magnitude?
Mark J. Costa: As we look at filter tow volumes next year, we don't expect them to grow. We think that they're going to be stable to modestly down based on the logic that I just laid out, but we still see the earnings being stable. There's multiple factors, including pricing and raw materials, that go into our view of earnings and how we manage it as well the actions we can take.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And I guess to follow up on Kevin's question. If propane stays at $0.90 and you're hedged at $1 or a little bit more than $1, who -- with some offsets, what's the effect on the income statement? Do you take hedging losses? Or how exactly does that ripple through the income segment?
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes. Basically, what that does is that, that will just -- you'd still have the purchases -- underlying purchases of those lower raw materials. But as a cash flow hedge, it would offset some of that lower raw material costs. From an earnings standpoint, then that has the same type of effect. It provides a stable cost position, and we're not going to have volatile earnings that go up and down around that propane. And that has -- that was factored into our analysis that Mark talked about, where the net impact going into next year would be roughly $0.25 per share.
Mark J. Costa: And Jeff, just -- those hedges are just going to follow what propane's used, so it'll show up in the segments that use that material.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then lastly, do you have a view on propylene for next year as to where you think it will settle and what exactly that -- and is your view that, that would have a positive economic effect on you or a negative economic effect if it were lower?
Curtis E. Espeland: Jeff, this is Curt. That's a question we're going to be presenting next week as part of our overall view of what's going to help drive earnings growth for next year as one of several factors of input. So if you don't mind, stay tuned until next week.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from James Sheehan of SunTrust.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: A question on the tire market. What gives you the confidence that we're seeing a real pick-up in the tire demand, is it -- rather than just a seasonal impact? And also, could you give us an update on your development of your rolling resistance product?
Mark J. Costa: Sure. So the tire businesses, they've got a great strategy they're going to share it with you next week, that talks about Crystex being a solid source of earnings, and then -- and these growth programs, as you just mentioned. When it comes to demand, from what we can see from our customers and what you're going to see in their calls is I think demand is stabilizing, improving overall globally for primary demand in tires. Obviously, we're going to benefit from that. I think we're still doing a good job of defending our market share in the Crystex business and holding on to that growth as it comes our way. To remind everyone, we always expect to lose a little bit of market share, so we expect to grow through 1/2 the rate of the market. In a Crystex sense of the world and -- the hard data I have right now is very strong orders in October showing a recovery out of the third quarter. But as I said, I'd like to see several months in a row before we can call a recovery in sort of destocking and softness in tires. From a growth program point of view, we're seeing great success on our 2 top growth programs. We'll tell you a lot more about that next week at Investor Day. But the hydrocarbon resins that are going in as performance additive to improve wear -- improve traction on the tires is showing a lot of interest across a number of our tire OEMs. And so we feel very good about that and seeing strong growth. And then our cellulose ester is also going into -- as a performance additive for the tires, is showing great excitement by our lead alpha customer. We think we're headed towards commercialization soon on that, so we feel great.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And on filter tow, you mentioned the possibility of further inventory adjustments next year. I'm just wondering, how long can the products actually be stored before the customers actually have to replace it?
Mark J. Costa: The life of the product is not a material issue for the inventory adjustments here, so I wouldn't be worried about that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Sison of KeyBanc.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Mark, when you think about the portfolio now and Taminco coming in by year-end here, what percent of the portfolio do you think, in terms of your earnings power now, is more specialty than more commoditized stuff going forward?
Mark J. Costa: Mike, thanks for that question. That's a great set-up for Investor Day. We've actually spent a considerable amount of time evaluating -- first of all, getting some clear definitions about what is specialty versus commodity and a third category we'll share with you next week and really getting a much clearer understanding of the entire portfolio of Eastman as well as thinking about Taminco and how that all fits and continues to transform our portfolio into being a much more stable variable margin business. So I think that we'll give you a lot more insight, which, you're going to see, is a great story of the commodity part of Eastman's portfolio becoming a very small percentage of our total. And I'm looking forward to sharing that with you next week.
Curtis E. Espeland: And Mark, if I can add because it's a great opportunity to also highlight the pulp [ph] of the value of Taminco. We do expect that to close before the end of the year. Mark and I have actually had the benefit of going out and meeting the Taminco team and further understanding their businesses, and I think we're very excited about the quality of businesses that they have, the quality and capabilities of the Taminco team. And I think that acquisition will be very complementary to the direction this company is going.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Sounds good. And then real quick on Additives & Functional Products. This is the third year in a row earnings have been sort of flattish here. What do you think needs to happen to get that business back on the growth trend longer term?
Mark J. Costa: Well, as you look at AFP, first of all, the revenue growth has been great. So we're seeing strong revenue growth in the coatings areas and some of our other formulary products. Obviously, we had some slow demand in tires, but we may be turning the corner there, as we've discussed. The challenge this year hasn't been revenue, it's been cost-driven. And a number of those cost factors I think are, to some degree, isolated to this year. So you had the huge propane increase and cost structure increase that impacted several of our businesses, including AFP. You had some of the planned outages that came in, and then we've had some specific growth investments we're making around our next generation of technology for Crystex that provided a headwind this year that shouldn't continue into next year. So we see revenue growth continuing into next year, and we see the cost situation improving relative to this year and feel confident about delivering earnings growth next year from AFP.
Operator: And we'll move on to our next question from Laurence Alexander of Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I guess 2 questions, one in the spirit of counting chickens before they're hatched. Taminco was fairly vocal about having a pretty rich pipeline of fast payback acquisition targets such as the formic acid deal that they did. Is there any strategic or integration-related reason why, if their math checks out, you wouldn't pull the trigger on those ideas faster than they could have? And secondly, on FX, what do you see as the headwinds at current level for Q4 and for next year?
Mark J. Costa: So on the acquisition front, I'll take that question. I'll give the FX to Curt. On acquisition, I do think they've got a robust portfolio of small bolt-on opportunities to continue building and extending their world leadership position that they have in alkylamines and, like you said, formic acid, which is a nice related product to their market. And we don't see any reason why we wouldn't continue to pursue those kind of opportunities. Clearly, we're going to be focused on delevering in the next 2 years from some of the debt we take on to buy Taminco. So we're not going to be doing any other large acquisitions until we've improved our debt metrics, but that doesn't mean we can't do small bolt-ons that have a great fit and create a lot of very quick payback for our shareholders. And so we'll look at those and do those where they make sense.
Curtis E. Espeland: On currency, Laurence, our primary exposure is the euro. We have some exposure to the yen. On the euro, we do have an active hedging product that helps reduce the volatility from currency fluctuations. You see that in our sales table, and you continue to see currency not having any real material impact on revenues. When we look at going into fourth quarter in terms of volatility, there's a slight headwind. But again, mostly, that's mitigated by our currency program. I think as we get into '15, we'll talk more next week. If the euro stays in that $1.25 to $1.30 level, it will continue not to have a material impact on us going into next year.
Operator: And as we have no more questions, I would like to turn the conference back over to Greg Riddle.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay. Thanks, again, everyone, for joining us this morning. A Web replay and a replay in downloadable MP3 format will be available on our website beginning a little later this morning. Have a great day.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-29 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory A. Riddle - Vice President of Investor Relations and Communications Mark J. Costa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John Roberts - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Robert Walker - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Nils-Bertil Wallin - CLSA Limited, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Co. Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman's website, www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Co., Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory A. Riddle: Thank you, Adam, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Chairman and CEO; Curt Espeland, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Josh Morgan, Manager of Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover 3 items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's second quarter 2014 financial results news release and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-K filed for 2013 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for second quarter 2014. Second, earnings per share and operating earnings referenced in this presentation excludes certain non-core or nonrecurring costs, charges and gains. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded items, are available in our first quarter 2014 financial results news release, which can be found at eastman.com in the Investors section. Projection of future earnings in the presentation also exclude such items as described in the second quarter news release. Lastly, we have posted slides that accompany our remarks for this morning's call on our website in the Presentations and Events section. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Mark J. Costa: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I'll start on Slide 3, and I'll begin this morning with the key highlights from our second quarter. We delivered solid EPS in the -- both the second quarter and the first half despite the challenges we faced, and we are on track for another year of solid earnings growth in 2014. We continue to expect this will be our fifth consecutive year of earnings growth and remain confident we will continue to grow earnings in 2015 and beyond. Earnings growth is a reflection of our leadership position in key markets, the diversity of the end markets we serve and our broad geographic footprint, as well as the value of our vertical integration. I've spoken to you previously about Eastman's specific actions we're taking to increase our earnings in 2014. We continue to see strong growth in our high-value products, driven by favorable macro trends, and expect this growth will accelerate in the second half of the year. And we continue to benefit from the integration of Solutia, including the impact on our effective tax rate. However, we also have some actions that are taking longer than we had expected. I have previously mentioned that the technology licensing we have been expecting in 2014 is more likely to be completed in 2015. While we are seeing good growth with the switch to non-phthalate plasticizers, this growth is currently being offset by competitive pricing pressure, and we're experiencing some softness in demand in our heat transfer fluids due to delays and cancellations of industrial products -- projects. As a result, on balance, we're moving a little slower than we'd expected on these actions, meaning, some of the benefit will spill over into 2015. But despite this and the other challenges we have faced so far in 2014, we remain on track for 2014 EPS guidance we gave you in January. Also, during the quarter, we completed the acquisition of BPA Aviation Turbine Oil business. This acquisition expands our footprint in the growing aviation fluids market. In addition, we issued $500 million of 30-year notes at an attractive interest rate on 4.65%. And lastly, we generated $234 million of free cash flow in the quarter, once again, confirming the ability of our portfolio to deliver very strong cash flow. On Slide 4, I'll cover our second quarter corporate results, and I'll start with some of the challenges we faced in the quarter. First, we had an unplanned outage at our Kingsport facility, which is our largest manufacturing site due to a widespread power disruption. Although you never want something like this to happen, I am proud to say there were no injuries or impact to the environment, and that is due to the quick and professional response of the Eastman team. Financial impact was an approximately $10 million negative hit in the quarter to operating earnings from increased costs. In addition, the lack of available material contributed to the decline in revenue of the Specialty Fluids & Intermediates segment, given the integrated nature of our facility. Also impacting revenue, and to a lesser extent, operating earnings, was a spillover effect to the unplanned outage we had at one of our olefin cracking units in Longview, Texas towards the end of the first quarter. This also limited the material available to sell, which, again, was most significant in the SFI segment. In addition, we had the flow through effect of propane costs from the first quarter, which also impacted the second quarter. If you remember that propane was as high as $1.60 per gallon in the first -- in the early part of the first quarter, and though it came down, it's now closer to $1.05 per gallon. We still had flow-through effects, and these are most pronounced in SFI and Additives & Functional Products segments. With all that, sales revenue is up slightly year-over-year for the quarter. The solid growth in our high-value product lines was mostly offset by declines in some of our core product lines, and sequentially, sales revenue was up 7% driven by higher volumes. Operating earnings were down slightly year-over-year, as the benefit of continued improvements in product mix with growth in high-value products was offset by higher raw material and energy costs, site outage cost and competitive pressure in some core products. However, operating earnings were up $58 million or 15% sequentially, and our operating margin for the quarter was approximately 18%. Earnings per share was up $0.12 year-over-year, and as we have said previously, we're using all lines of the income statement to increase our earnings, with both the lower tax rate and a lower share count contributing to the EPS improvement. With that, I'll turn it over to Curt.
Curtis E. Espeland: Okay. Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin on Slide 5 with a review of Additives & Functional Products results. Sales revenue was higher by 5%, primarily due to higher sales volume for coatings product lines, which was attributed to strong demand across multiple end markets. Tire demand improved sequentially, and was flat year-over-year, as growth in Europe and North America was offset by continuing destocking in China, particularly towards commercial tires. Operating earnings were down slightly, as higher raw material and energy cost, particularly for propane, more than offset higher sales volume. Looking at the second half and full year of 2014. We expect volume will be stronger in the second half of the year compared with the first half, as we won't have the impact of colder weather that impacted our North America business in January and February of 2014, and the destocking of commercial tires in China seems to be running its course. We also expect the impact of propane to moderate in the second half of 2014. These factors, coupled with continued solid demand in the coatings market should more than offset normal seasonality for this business. We are also continuing to invest enhancements to the technology for our market-leading Crystex product line with a full year cost of approximately $10 million higher mostly in the second and third quarters, and we continue to see increasing competition for solvent, primarily due to economic weakness in China. As a result, we expect both revenue and earnings in the second half of the year will be higher than the first, and continue to expect operating earnings will be between $410 million and $430 million for the year, albeit more towards the lower end of that range. Adhesives & Plasticizers is on Slide 6. Sales revenue was higher by 6%, as higher sales volume more than offset lower selling prices. The higher sales volume in adhesive resins was primarily attributed to stronger end-market demand and a lack of customer destocking that negatively impacted results in the second quarter of 2013. The higher sales volume for plasticizers was attributed to the timing of substitution of phthalate-based plasticizers with Eastman's non-phthalates-based plasticizers. Lower selling prices were in both adhesive resins and plasticizers, and primarily due to continued competitive pressure that has continued from 2013. Operating earnings increased primarily due to higher sales volume and associated higher capacity utilization, as well as lower operating costs in the quarter that included targeted cost reduction. Looking forward to the second half of the year, we expect the adhesive resins market to continue to stabilize at current levels with a more balanced market going forward, as well as stronger demand in key end use markets, including hygiene, packaging and building and construction. However, a competitor outage that had a positive impact on our results in the first half of the year is not expected to continue into the second half. An additional announced capacity of an adhesives competitor is still a headwind as well. For plasticizers, we expect competitive pressure to continue to challenge margins, partially offset by continued strong volume growth. As a result, we now expect Adhesives & Plasticizers earnings to be above $175 million for the year. Moving next to Advanced Materials on Slide 7. Revenue was relatively unchanged as volume growth in our premium product was offset by lower volume in core products. Premium products volume growth was driven by interlayers with acoustic properties in Eastman Tritan copolyester, each of which continue to benefit from strong adoption in their respective market. The lower sales volume was for core products, such as our Flexvue coated films. Operating earnings was flat, as lower raw material and energy cost and strong mix improvement were offset by the impact of costs associated with the unplanned shutdown at the Kingsport site and some other costs. Looking at the second half of the year, we expect year-over-year revenue growth for the segment to be between 4% and 5% due to strong premium product growth in several areas. For Tritan, we see accelerated growth due to continued market penetration and some new customer adaptations, supported by additional capacity scheduled to come online later this year. We expect strong growth for interlayers with acoustic properties, as it is more widely adopted in the market. Growth should also increase for cellulose esters for displays, including the benefit of a successful product launch of Eastman digitalized material into mobile devices. And we expect a change in window film order patterns with more volume -- more balanced across the year compared with 2013 when volume was more front-end loaded due to, in large part, of the incentive structure. These are expected to be partially offset by core product declines, including our Flexvue products and a slight decline in revenue for core copolyester due to continued competitive pressure in some of the lower margin product lines. As a result, we continue to expect operating earnings will be between $280 million and $300 million. And given the strong results in the first half of the year, Advanced Materials could be near the top end of that range. Next up is Fibers on Slide 8. Sales revenue increased, as higher selling prices and sales of acetate flake to our China -- acetate tow joint venture more than offset at lower acetate tow sales volume. The lower acetate tow sales volume was due to the impact of additional industry capacity, including our new joint venture capacity in China. Operating earnings increased as higher selling prices, sales of acetate flake to the China joint venture and lower raw material and energy costs more than offset lower acetate tow sales volume, and higher operating costs resulting from lower capacity utilization and the unplanned shutdown of the Kingsport site. For the second half of 2014, we expect lower acetate tow sales volume due to customer destocking in Asia Pacific, as they built inventory during 2013, in expectation of stronger demand levels that now appear to be flat versus 2014. We expect the impact of this destocking on our operating earnings will be most significant in the third quarter. As a result, we now anticipate Fibers operating earnings to be approximately $480 million, which would still be the 11th consecutive year of earnings growth. I'll finish up the segment reviews with Specialty Fluids & Intermediates on Slide 9. Sales revenue decreased primarily due to lower sales volume attributed to 2 factors. First is the impact of the unplanned outages, both the first quarter weather-related outage at the Longview, Texas site and the second quarter unplanned shutdown at the Kingsport site. Second, sales volume was also declined for intermediate product lines with the increased use of intermediate in the manufacture of higher-value downstream derivatives in other segments as we continue to value up our advantaged vertical integration. From a regional perspective, the largest volume decline was in the Asia Pacific region, which is a more marginal market for us. Operating earnings declined year-over-year due to lower sales volume, higher raw material and energy cost and cost for the unplanned outage at the Kingsport site. Looking at the second half of the year for SFI, we expect revenue and margins for intermediate product lines are expected to improve due to selling demand and lower propane costs, but this is expected to be largely offset by a maintenance shutdown with one of our largest crackers at our Longview site. This shutdown occurs every 5 years. In addition, the aviation fluids market remains strong, and we will benefit from our recent acquisition there, and demand for heat transfer fluids is expected to be soft due to delays or cancellation of industrial products, in particular, for polymer manufacturing facilities in China and the renewable energy market. Taking this together, we expect the operating earnings for the full year to be in the range of $300 million and $320 million for the year. Moving next to Slide 13. On June 2, we completed our acquisition of BP's aviation turbine engine oil business. The total purchase price for this acquisition was $283 million, and was ultimately an asset deal. With this acquisition, we gained a growing and nicely profitable specialty business that aligns well with our existing Skydrol aviation fluids business, allowing us to serve our customers with a more complete suite of product offering. As a result, we will be better able to meet the needs of the global aviation industry, which we expect will grow above GDP levels. This business is now part of the Specialty Fluids & Intermediates segment, and 2013 annual revenues were approximately $100 million. Excluding acquisition-related costs, we expect this acquisition will be modestly accretive to 2014 earnings per share, with full year 2015 accretion expected to be in the high-single-digit level. This acquisition is an example of Eastman's deploying capital to a business where we have a leadership position in order to strengthen that position and accelerate growth, and we are confident that the returns from this acquisition, as well as the results from the Commonwealth acquisition we expect to close later this year, will be consistent with our value creation expectations. On Slide 11, I'll cover some other financial highlights. During the second quarter, we generated $419 million in operating cash, in line with our expectation. Net earnings were solid, and we had normal seasonal working capital increase for receivables. For the second quarter, we generated $234 million of free cash flow. Capital expenditures totaled $132 million in the second quarter, and we expect full year 2014 CapEx to total approximately $575 million, which is slightly lower than previous guidance as some of our growth and infrastructure spending will shift into 2015. With expectations for cash from operations approximating up $1.4 billion for the full year, we are on track for free cash flow of $600 million, which excludes, again, our capital expenditures and our dividend. We continue to return cash to stockholders, including share repurchases of $360 million through the first half of the year, of which $100 million was completed in the second quarter. We have $800 million left on our current $1 billion authorization and we continue to expect the pace of our repurchases to moderate in the second half of the year. Lastly, our tax rate for the quarter was 28%, similar to the first quarter and significantly below second quarter 2013, reflecting continued benefits from the integration of Eastman and Solutia business operations and legal entity structures. We continue to expect our tax rate for the full year to be approximately 28%, and as a reminder, our tax rate excludes any potential benefits of tax extenders that could be passed by our legislators. So with that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark J. Costa: Thanks, Curt. I'll review our outlook for 2014, which is on Slide 12. Given the results in the first half of the year, we are on track for a fifth consecutive year of solid earnings growth. As I look at the second half of 2014, we expect sales revenue year-over-year to increase roughly in line with global GDP, reflecting acceleration of growth in our premium products and Advanced Materials, the stronger coatings market benefiting the ASP segment, the continuing benefit for macro trends such as the move to non-phthalate plasticizers from phthalate-based plasticizers. These should be partially offset by lower acetate tow demand and normal seasonality. Sequentially, we expect revenue will be similar to the first half levels. Operating earnings in the second half should be up year-over-year and down sequentially. The year-over-year improvement is expected to be driven by growth in Advanced Materials as growth accelerates for premium products, including Tritan copolyester, displays, interlayers with acoustic properties and window films, and we expect the sequential decline will be due to costs from a high level of planned outages in the second half of the year, including the major maintenance turnaround at our largest cracker in Longview, Texas, which Curt mentioned in the SFI section. We also expect to benefit from the capital deployment, including both the acquisition that we've completed and share repurchases. As a result, we continue to be on track for 2014 earnings per share in the range of $6.70 to $7, which would be strong growth. And as I think about the cadence of the second half, I would expect year-over-year EPS growth in both quarters -- both for the growth to be more significant -- for the growth to be more significant in the fourth quarter. Next is capital allocation, Slide 14. In the second quarter, we were balanced across each of the buckets in how we allocated capital. We continue to spend on the growth in our capital expenditures. As we mentioned, we took advantage of the very attractive public debt market with an attractive offering. We completed a bolt-on acquisition during the quarter, and are on track to close a second before the end of the year, and we continue to return cash to stockholders in the form of both share repurchases and a healthy dividend. Looking forward, we remain committed to a balanced deployment of capital. We continue to look at the M&A market, and are looking for opportunities that fit with Eastman, and we continue to review -- view returning cash to stockholders through share repurchases and an increasing dividend as a good use of cash. So we'd expect more of the same as we put our cash flow to work. On Slide 15, lastly, I'd like to remind everyone that we'll be hosting an Investor Day in New York on Thursday, November 6. The main purpose of our Investor Day this year will be for our senior management to share with you our strategy for building on the progress we've made to grow earnings for years to come. We will be sending out more details via e-mail shortly. I hope that you'll be able to join us. And with that, I'll turn it back to Greg.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay. Thanks, Mark, and we have a number of people on the line this morning. We'd like to get to as many questions as possible. [Operator Instructions] And with that, Adam, we are ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Mark, you guys lowered your outlook for Fibers down from 520 down to 480, and you mentioned that destock is having an impact. You also mentioned demand falling as part of a cause. Are we near peak here? Is the impact of e-cigs capping future growth in that business? How should we think about that business into the future?
Mark J. Costa: Thanks, Frank, and good to hear you this morning. Fibers is a great business. It's delivered 11 years of consecutive earnings growth, and it produces a tremendous amount of [ph] cash flow. So we certainly are very pleased with this business. But as you noted, we think about the business as plateauing. I don't like the word peak. So what we're seeing is demand flattening out, not declining. But that does really create some problems for 2014, and potentially '15, specifically in China. So they were building a lot of inventory in 2013, expecting sort of normal growth in '14, which didn't materialize. And so they're going through some inventory corrections in production, and that's sort of the demand correction we're seeing in the back half of this year. What we don't know is, in 2015, to the extent that there is continued destocking to further correct demand, but I wouldn't call it peaking, but it's certainly plateauing.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: All right, that's very helpful. And obviously, in a similar vein, you maintained -- you did maintain your 2014 outlook. I'm curious if you have any updated thoughts on your targets for 2015, the $8 number and what might it take to get there?
Mark J. Costa: Frank, I can't believe you asked that question. I mean, I never thought it would come. So as we think about 2015, and we certainly are spending a lot of time thinking about it and doing everything we can to deliver great results, what I'd say is we're committed to still driving towards $8 a share in '15, but getting to $8 is becoming more of a stretch. Given what we know at this point, we can see that -- we can definitely see it delivering double-digit earnings growth in the $7.50 to $8 range. There's a number of factors that are really still very much going in Eastman's way, driving our revenue and our earnings growth. We expect the economy to continue to grow. In particular, we have some favorable positions in our top 2 end markets of transportation and building, construction, where we can see better than GDP sectorial growth there, and we continue to be very excited about seeing how we're valuing up the mix in our company. We have a number of high-value products across the company, like Tritan, acoustic interlayers, window films, coatings additives, non-phthalate plasticizers, resins. We're now taking into tires. They give us very strong high-value growth, improving our mix. I think we also have a different strategy going into '15 versus '14. On our propane cost side, we've gone with a much more aggressive hedging strategy. We've shifted our mix towards 30% ethane on our crackers from 20%. So I think we're in a much better cost position to avoid that sort of spike and hit that we went through this year. And we certainly intend to have improved operational performance next year, so we have more product available to sell. And we've also got pretty aggressive productivity programs across the country, holding costs flat. That means that the growth that we do get in the top line should fall to the bottom line. And then the part I love best about our company is our incredibly strong free cash flow that we're fully committed to deploying, and we certainly already evidenced our commitment to be balanced in our deployment with the 2 bolt-on acquisitions that we did this year and the $360 million of stock buybacks we've already completed. And still have $800 million left on our authorization. So we have a number of things that help the growth map, see how you drive towards the $8, in that range of $7.50 to $8, but we also have some headwinds that we have to recognize. First, the economies, while it's growing, certainly not growing at the rate that I think any of us would like. I would continue describing it as lack-luster on a global basis, and that creates a bit of a challenge. In particular, I'd say Europe is -- it's certainly encouraging to see some growth this year versus last year, but we also have to keep in mind we're coming off of a really low base. And then we have a few new things, like this Fibers question around demand next year and the heat transfer fluid demand slowing down this year, and we think that will probably continue to be at modest levels next year with improvements in '16 when we look at the plant build situation in China. So those are some of the headwinds that we certainly hadn't factored in if you think about Investor Day. But it's important to keep in mind, we've got a great portfolio of specialty businesses, great diversity in our product lines, our end markets, our geographies. We've got great world-class technology platforms that allow us to continue to innovate to defend our current markets and margins, as well as find new applications to grow, and most importantly, a very high EBITDA margin that produces a lot of cash flow for giving us a lot of options about how we grow. So I'd still feel confident we're going to deliver double-digit earnings growth, still driving to the $8 a share as best as we can.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Vincent Andrews, Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just another question on Fibers on the cost side of things. It looks like wood pulp costs are coming down, and some believe that they may go down a lot more from here. So I'm just curious how that flows through in terms of your contract structure. Do you have some where that's pass through or is there discretion where you could try to hold on to a fair amount, if not, all of it? And I guess the complexity might be just sort of the volume situation that you referenced in your comments earlier.
Mark J. Costa: Thanks, Vince, for the question. The Fibers business is one that is great about its stability, which means we have a fairly predictable demand and price curve for the year because the contracts are done on an annual basis. So we go through those negotiations. We pretty much set our sort of our price in our contract, and then pulp does what it does and then we get those results, and that's certainly been a benefit as we've expanded our margin this year with pulp declining.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So if pulp continues to go lower next year, you would expect to capture that?
Mark J. Costa: Well, I think you have to -- remember, it's always a balance in those contract negotiations going into 2015 of price and where pulp goes, and so we don't discuss those kind of contract negotiations ahead of time, but we'll do our best as we always do. I'll remind you, this industry has been disciplined in its history, and we'd expect that to continue.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from P.J. Juvekar, Citi.
P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Mark, this year [ph], you mentioned increased resin supply. Can you talk about that? And have you seen China rosin prices come down? And then you also talked about new competitor capacity, and can you just tell us how big that is?
Mark J. Costa: Sure, P.J. The adhesive business has got a lot of moving parts as we've discussed on past calls. What we're excited and encouraged about is seeing the solid demand growth continue, especially in things like hygiene and the hot melt adhesive packaging, and that growth rate has sort of gone back to what we would call normal, and strong this year relative to what was relatively weak last year. So the demand side of this equation is to some degree back in gear. On the supply side, the rosin capacity, which is an alternative to hydrocarbon resins, is a bit tighter this year, where it was extremely loose last year with very low prices. And as we look at the -- people climbing up the mountains to pull rosin off the trees this year, it looks like it's going to be more of an average to slightly tight year. So we expect rosin prices to remain where they are, which makes that -- them less attractive to use versus our tackifying resins. So we're encouraged to see that tightening up a bit and giving us some market stability. When it comes to direct competitors in resin capacity, principally, a company in Korea added a hydrogenated resin capacity that created some competitive pressure this year. But so far, that seems to be relatively stable. And I think that, overall, that's led to nice conditions in the first half of the year, which were also further improved by one of our competitors having a serious outage. As we look at the second half of the year, we continue to see attractive growth and what I would call stability, but we do have some favorable things in the first half of the year that won't continue in the second.
P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And quickly for Curt, with your efforts to bring down tax rate and use of NOLs from Solutia, can you talk about how much NOLs are left and where could your long-term tax rate go?
Curtis E. Espeland: So if we look at the overall tax rate, we continue to expect that to be 28%. The tax team is still working through different options by which to continue to lower that effective tax rate. I often characterize what the tax department was able to do with some of the Solutia businesses, and legal structures was a triple or home run. Now they're working on singles and doubles, if you don't mind, the baseball analogy. And I'd also remind people that don't be afraid to call your legislators because if they get the tax extenders impacted, that could have a further reduction of our rate of about 1%. So we believe in tax extenders, and what we put in place is permanent tax fixes, tax adjustments. Our rate could be driving more towards 27%. On the NOLs, we pretty much said about 2/3 of the NOLs, $1.5 billion, was going to be used kind of half of '12, '13, '14 and '15. And you just take that number and do some math off those to kind of get you per [ph] kind of pro-rata basis the amount you're going to get from the NOL cash benefit, but we'll continue to have NOL benefit going into 2015.
Operator: We'll take our next question from James Sheehan, SunTrust.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just with respect to the outage at Kingsport. I was wondering if you could discuss us your monthly order trends and how they've progressed through the quarter, and how you would have seen that flowing had the outage not occurred? And also, if you could update us on your order books for July?
Curtis E. Espeland: So on the order books, if you think about most of our segment, you're able to work through the outage by using your inventory and working with your customers, trying to prioritize shipments, et cetera. So I'd say the order books, while had some delay in them, generally speaking, our order books were still pretty solid through the second quarter for most [ph] segment. The one that we highlighted is Specialty Fluids & Intermediates. As you know, how our integrated streams run, to the extent some of the molecules aren't used by the derivatives, there are certain lower commodity product lines, like acetic acid, that just aren't available for them to sell. And so that's where you saw the declines in the second quarter in volumes. But generally speaking, I think our businesses did a pretty good job working with our customers and keeping revenue going through the outage. As we look at the July order books, everything is on track with the revenue growth outlook that Mark mentioned earlier across all the portfolio.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And on propane and the cracking spreads, you had identified about $0.30 to $0.40 of headwind in the first half. Just wondering how you would size that on -- how it reverses in the second half if you can provide any insight.
Curtis E. Espeland: So if you think about the propane costs and the impact of the spike up in the first quarter and the flow through effect you've seen in the first half of the year, we quantify that to be $0.30 or $0.40 in the early part of the year. I'd say, as we look at the map today, it's on the high end of that range. But now that propane is down at this more modest -- I shouldn't say modest level, at the current levels it's at, and as you can imagine, Mark mentioned our hedging program, we are much more -- before, we used to hedge only 6 months out to kind of give our businesses a little more time to price into it because some of the volatility, as well as we just looked at how the forward curves have behaved, in particular, with propane. We were much more aggressive getting our hedge positions in place, going into this winter season than we had in the past, and we're looking to do that 2 years out as well because of some of that forward curve. So as it relates to the second half of the year, that $0.30 to $0.40 -- that $0.40 roughly headwind is behind us, and should moderate the second half of the year and that's reflected in our outlook.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Begleiter, Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Mark, just on the guidance for this year, still a pretty wide range for the back half of 2014. What would it take to make the low end of the range, and what would it take to make the high end of the range?
Mark J. Costa: Good question. We spend a lot of time looking at that. The -- first of all, I think that if I think about this year and the last call I was on, I would have said we were at the top end of the range. Things were clicking along, and I'd say that we feel like we probably moved a little bit more back into the range. I mean -- and what's changed for us is the -- on the positive side, we see Advanced Materials and A&P doing much better than expected, but we also have some new headwinds in Fibers demand, destocking, as we've mentioned, and some of those further slowdown and heat transfer fluids, and of course, the Tennessee outage. The low end of the range would take some other things that we don't know about and creating some challenges for us, like an economy slow down or something else that pops up. But we're working hard to continue to deliver the best earnings growth we can for the year, and we still have strong free cash flow that gives us additional option.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And Mark, just on Longview, can you size the impact of the outage? And also, give us an update on the tariff dispute with West Lake.
Mark J. Costa: We'll let Curt answer this one.
Curtis E. Espeland: Okay. Let me start with West Lake, and then I'll need a reminder of the first part of the question. But as you know, with West Lake, we continue to explore options with monetizing our excess ethylene. And specifically, in regards to the dispute with Westlake, let me remind you that there's really 3 disputes. The first is the removal of the bidirectional flow with the pipeline. The second is the removal of the exchange rights or what's often referred to as the ability to do swaps. And then the third dispute is around the change in the tariff rates. A hearing was held on the first 2 items back in May, and we are waiting on an examiner's ruling. I can't tell you exactly when that's going to happen. I hear it could happen any day, but we're still waiting for that ruling. The rate tariff is scheduled for review in August. So we're still working through the Railroad Commission to get this resolved. We continue to be very confident that this will be resolved in our -- to our satisfaction.
Mark J. Costa: Dave, the first part of your question was around the Longview outage. Could you elaborate?
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, the impact, the dollar impact for the outage in Q3.
Curtis E. Espeland: Well, on Q2, I think...
Mark J. Costa: Are you talking about the planned shutdown, Dave?
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, I'm sorry, the plant shutdown, I'm sorry.
Curtis E. Espeland: So this is Curt again. So if you look at kind of the impact of that is going to be predominantly in the fourth quarter. If you look at our maintenance cost in the fourth quarter on a year-over-year basis, the difference is going to be roughly about $25 million of higher maintenance cost in the fourth quarter of this year, and about $20 million of that is associated with the Longview turnaround of the cracker.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Bob Koort of Goldman Sachs.
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Two quick questions, if I might. Firstly, in the emerging markets, mostly, it's not quite as robust as folks had hoped. I'm just wondering, have you seen any change in underlying trends in what you think has to happen, and particularly in Asia, to get things percolating? And then secondly, I noticed exceptional expense control at the SG&A line. Can you talk about maybe some specifics of what you've done and how much of that has traction to continue or how much of that might have been more short-term oriented?
Mark J. Costa: In regards to Asia Pacific, in particular, and the emerging market growth, we have to be careful about how we look at that revenue number. The key driver of why the revenue was not what you would normally expect was the intermediate sales from the Specialty Fluids segment. So we have these large engines here where we make a lot of intermediates and we sell what's left over that we don't value up in the Specialties. We focus primarily on selling those in North America and Europe, where the margins are most attractive, and then what's left over, we sell in Asia Pacific. So when they have outages, like we've had in the first half of the year at both Longview and Tennessee, the big impact on the revenue is those intermediate sales in Asia Pacific, which are the lowest margin sales for us. So that's a big driver. When you strip that out, I'd say revenue growth in Asia Pacific in the first half of the year was on track and solid. The broader question around emerging markets, in places like Russia, Latin America, fortunately for us, we don't have much revenue in those regions, and aren't being hurt by the dramatic slowdown on those economies this year, and we continue to be very confident about our goal to continue growing in Asia Pacific.
Curtis E. Espeland: If I could, Bob, on the SG&A, one of the things I love about the Eastman culture is we've had productivity embedded in our culture across of our operations for years, and that's why you still see us not having to announce big large cost reduction programs because our people are focused on that everyday. If you look at the SG&A line specifically, what you're seeing there is that same productivity mentality being applied to the SG&A line. Where again, we're looking at ways we can keep our cost flat year-over-year as we offset inflations with productivity efforts, et cetera. And then on top of that, what we're working on is where we spend those dollars, and we're focusing a lot of that spend on our growth and our other initiatives to help grow the bottom line. So it's kind of been a shift where we spend it and how we spend it is really -- I think is also going to be in the DNA of Eastman, as you look at us, over the next several years. The one thing that we do see, SG&A tends to increase a little bit in the second half of the year because of some seasonality spending that we have. But generally speaking, what you're seeing in our SG&A line is the focus of Eastman and supports the growth efforts we have.
Operator: We will take our next question from John Roberts, UBS.
John Roberts - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Could you talk a little bit about how broad your strategy is in your functional fluids area? I mean, there are a lot of other areas, like metalworking fluids or broader presence in de-icing and so forth, how broad should we think about the strategy here?
Mark J. Costa: Well, clearly, I'd say we have sort of 3 main product groups that we currently have to go in the different applications. So we have heat transfer fluids that are principally used for that purpose. We've got significant issues about transporting heat from one location to another. So the polymer and chemical manufacturing plants use a lot of heat transfer fluids, concentrating solar power rays, use a lot of heat transfer fluids, as well as some other energy-related facilities. So that's a market area that we've been a very strong leader in for years, continue to be a strong leader. But as we noted, we've hit some demand slowdown because there's not as many energy investments being made at the moment, although we do see that coming back in the '16, '17 timeframe. And then on the polymer plant side in China, we see a slow down there of PET plants, in particular, because they were significantly overbuilt and demand is catching up, but that fluid gets applied to specifically those areas. And of course, we've got 2 different aviation-related fluids as well. We've been a long-term leader in Skydrol, which is hydraulic fluid for commercial aircraft, and then the acquisition of the BP turbine oil business allows us to also complement that with our customers for the turbine oil. But right now, those are the areas that -- and applications we're in. Those products dont tend to go into a lot of other applications. Although we like this area in this business, and so we continue to look for other opportunities to add fluids, other potential fluids of this portfolio, is one of the areas we're looking at when we talk about M&A.
John Roberts - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then -- and your comment about Fibers, and you talked about some stocking that went on in anticipation of Asian growth, and now it's flat, are you saying end consumption of fiber in Asia is flat for 2014, and with the outlook, and be flat again in 2015?
Mark J. Costa: So what we're seeing is flat demand. I would say, specifically, in China. There are other places where we continue to see modest growth in Asia Pacific. But in China, which is the big driver of demand in Asia Pacific, we see demand being basically flat this year relative to last year all the way down to cigarette consumption. It's not just a tow issue. That's what this destocking is about, is continuing to correct cigarette inventory, and therefore, tow inventory for serving the market in China.
John Roberts - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And what do you see the actual end consumption, so you're talking about at the cigarette inventory consumption and correction in China? You're not talking about down smoking?
Mark J. Costa: Well, I think that what we're seeing is there's less or flattening of the level of smoking in China. Used to modestly grow for many of the years. But with the austerity measures and some other things going on in China, it's flattened out, the amount of cigarette consumption.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Robert Walker, Jefferies.
Robert Walker - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: So propane will be a tailwind in the second half this year, but what are you assuming in your 2015 outlook? Should it be a tailwind to '15 versus '14 or another headwind or flat?
Curtis E. Espeland: So if you look at propane, what I'd suggest you do is that we look at the forward curve. And if you look at the forward curve and you believe what it's telling you, is that, on average, the total cost of propane will be lower in 2015 relative to 2014. And because of that forward curve, as I mentioned, we're probably looking at that forward curve and saying that's maybe some -- it would be prudent for us to put in some hedges to lock in some of that lower propane cost for next year.
Robert Walker - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And as you look at your M&A pipeline, I guess, how does that look and are you happy with your mix of end markets or might you add another value chain?
Mark J. Costa: We continue to look at the M&A market, and we will continue to be disciplined about looking at the M&A market looking for attractive opportunities. But I'd say we look for both. We look for bolt-on acquisitions that reinforce the existing businesses we have, and we are open to attractive additions of new legs to our company as well if they make a lot of sense.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Kevin McCarthy, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Mark, you took your guidance up a little bit in Adhesives & Plasticizers. On the plasticizer piece of it, it seems like we've been talking about price erosion for quite a while. Could you comment on what the sequential trend is there, and whether or not the phthalate-based higher cost producers are making any money? Just trying to get a sense of what the residual price risk is there.
Mark J. Costa: So on the plasticizer side, on the growth side, we feel great. We see continued strong growth as people switch from phthalate to non-phthalate plasticizers. But as you noted, we've continued to see increased price pressure last year, and some of that has continued in the first half of this year. Principally, what's going on is that you have some players who make non-phthalate plasticizers in Asia that sold all of it traditionally into China. And with the slowdown of the Chinese economy, they've been pushed out of China and looking for new homes in Europe and North America, and putting price pressure on the market as they try and buy market share. Those prices have come down considerably from the beginning of 2013. And we see that pressure lessening as we go into the second half of the year. So I think we're getting to a price point, where the economics aren't making sense for further aggression by the Asians going after the business here, but it's a little too hard to call that precisely.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then switching gears to Longview. As you move through the planned shutdown in the back half of the year, would your feedstock mix remain the same at about 70 propane, 30 ethane through that process? Or is there any opportunity to continue to tweak the ethane ratio a bit higher?
Mark J. Costa: At this point, I think we're at the 30, 70 propane. This shutdown is a true maintenance shutdown. It's not reconfiguring the plant, and we don't see it changing that big [ph].
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jeff Zekauskas with JP Morgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: How long is the cracker outage on the fourth quarter? When does it start and when do you expect it to be completed?
Curtis E. Espeland: It starts towards the end of the third quarter, and I believe, Jeff, that it is a 3-week outage -- oh, 3 to 4, I'm sorry.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: 3 to 4, and this is your billion pound cracker?
Curtis E. Espeland: This is the largest of the 4 crackers, that is correct.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then secondly, in terms of your propane outlook, if I understand what you -- better yet, what was the EBITDA of the acquired BP business?
Mark J. Costa: Well, we haven't given a specific EBITDA, Jeff, for that business. I think what we've talked about is, in 2015, it will be on an earnings per share basis, high-single-digits accretion. It's about $100 million of revenue. And I think people have done some rough math off that. I've heard some numbers thrown around, around $30 million, but we haven't disclosed specifically what the EBITDA is of that group.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Mike Sison with KeyBanc.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: In terms of Advanced Materials, you're looking for a pick up in sales growth in the second half of the year. What do you think needs to happen for you to hit those numbers? And is some of it within your control to some degree?
Mark J. Costa: Mike, I do think some of it's in our control. As we look at some of the high value premium products we have in that segment, we've been working hard in a lot of new applications in Tritan, where we've closed those opportunities. As you close them, you can start seeing how that volume's going to roll in, and so we see an acceleration in Tritan volume growth in the second half relative to the first half. It's the other places, like acoustic interlayers, we've had great growth in the first half, and expect that to just continue going into the second half. There's a lot of -- OEMs are switching to acoustic high-performance products versus the standard interlayers to quiet the cabin and pursue light-weighting of the car, and so that's a great macro trend, a great margin improvement -- mix improvement for our business. The window films side of the business also, I think, is one where we had shifted incentives and order patterns intentionally to even-out orders to actual consumption with our market. And so we see good indications of those orders flowing in, consistent with that intentional strategy. There are, of course, always uncertainty as part of the challenge we had in window films this year. There's a little slow down in demand, in places like Indonesia and Thailand, due to macroeconomic factors that are beyond our control. But I think we can see a number of things going our way, and there's always the things you don't expect that can either be favorable or unfavorable that play out. But as long as the economy remains solid, I feel like we should be on a good track there.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then when you think 2015 for Advanced Materials, it's got a long way to go. Do you think it's just more of a delay to get to that number? Is the profitability potential of that business still where you think it could be longer term?
Mark J. Costa: First of all, we don't see any sort of derailment on strategy in the Advanced Materials segment. It's doing great this year, and likely to perform at the high-end of the range, and I think it's going to deliver very attractive earnings growth next year. It's obviously not going to get to $380 million. If you want to go back to 2012 Investor Day, I think we commented on this in the past. There are certain things that have changed that have slowed down the rate of growth in that business, in particular, the European demand and things like automotive and architectural buildings for the interlayer business. It just hasn't come back from what we would have assumed back in 2012, but the premium products are growing strong, including interlayers. The window film business is growing strong. The main issue this segment has had in getting to that original guidance is just overall macroeconomic growth being off of what we would have assumed. So I see us continuing to deliver consistent earnings growth over several years in this business.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Nils Wallin, CLSA.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - CLSA Limited, Research Division: A question on outlook for hydrocarbon resins. I know Exxon is building a fairly sizable plant over the next couple of years and wondering what you think about the long-term prospect for that, that part of the business?
Mark J. Costa: The hydrocarbon resin business, obviously, has gone through some serious adjustments if you look at its performance in '12 to '13, and now starting to recover in '14. It's still a great business. It's got attractive EBIT margins. It's got ROIC that is 2 to 3 percentage points above its EBIT margins. So it's creating a lot of value on a cost of capital basis for our shareholders. Certainty, there are questions around demand and supply going forward, like the Exxon announcement you just mentioned, but we see it continue to be a stable good business at this point. Demand trends are very favorable. There's plenty of hygiene and hot melt adhesive packaging and other things that drive demand for this business. We will continue to look at the supply demand balance to make sure that it's going to be value creating going forward, and make decisions as appropriate.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Got it. And then just -- as there seems to be an interplay between pricing for rosin versus hydrocarbon resins and, obviously, you have capacity in both, would you be able to give us a sense of how that might change your margin or mix effect as those 2 play off one another?
Mark J. Costa: I think when we think about rosins, which is lower quality alternative to hydrocarbon resins, especially our hydrogenated hydrocarbon resins, where we have a more differentiated position, they play a factor in creating a price pull, if you will, on the market downward if there's a large excess supply of rosins, and those prices are quite low. Last year was an exceptionally bad year for rosin prices in that they were quite low. What we see now is back to more of a stable situation, but it's a crop, and it will have a certain amount of volatility to it, going forward, in the future. So I don't think anything's changed in that dynamic as we look at this business. And I think that as people go to more high-performance products, we continue to benefit from that trend because, in particular, hydrogenated hydrocarbon resins are the high-quality alternative. So if you want a high-quality diaper, you go hydrogenated resins because rosins have an odor. If you're going to a high-performance packaging facility, you're going to go with hydrogenated resins. So the macro trends is emerging middle-income classes, upscaling what they want, drive favorable demand to our product technology.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - CLSA Limited, Research Division: So would you say there's a meaningful share shift or share gain by the hydrogenated hydrocarbon resins away from rosin and how large will that be?
Mark J. Costa: Yes, I think it is when rosin prices are sort of stable. When rosin prices become really cheap, like they did last year, and the economy is weak, the customers will make trade-offs and accept a lower quality adhesive formulation in favor of those economics, and make those kind of switching choices in their formulation. So that's going to happen some times. But in general, if you look at a stable relative pricing situation over a long term, we should see some continued share shift. I wouldn't say it's dramatic, but share shift towards our technology.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Riddle, at this time, I'll turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Gregory A. Riddle: Thank you, Adam. And thanks, again, everyone, for joining us this morning. A web replay and a replay and downloadable MP3 format will be available on our website, beginning at approximately 11 a.m. this morning. Have a great day.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory Riddle  Director, IR Mark Costa  CEO Curtis Espeland  EVP and CFO
Analysts: Kevin McCarthy  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Robert Ford  Goldman Sachs Frank Mitsch  Wells Fargo Securities Nils-Bertil Wallin  CLSA Limited John Roberts  UBS Investment Bank Vincent Andrews  Morgan Stanley Jeffrey Zekauskas  JP Morgan Jeffery Fisher  Barclays Capital P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup Mike Sison  KeyBanc Capital Markets James Sheehan  SunTrust Laurence Alexander  Jefferies LLC David Begleiter  Deutsche Bank 
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Companys First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on Eastman's website, at www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory Riddle: Thank you, Augusta and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are: Mark Costa, CEO; Curtis Espeland, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Josh Morgan, Manager, Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover 3 items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's first quarter 2014 financial results news release and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-K filed for 2013 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for first quarter 2014. Second, earnings per share and operating earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain noncore or nonrecurring costs and charges. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded items, are available in our first quarter 2014 financial results news release, which can be found at eastman.com in the Investors section. Projections of future earnings in the presentation also exclude such items as described in the first quarter news release. And lastly, we have posted slides that accompany our remarks for this morning's call on our website in the Presentations & Events section. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Costa: Good morning. Thanks for joining us. Its good to be here emerging into the spring and putting the winter behind us. I would like to begin on Slide 3 with some of the highlights from the first quarter. Business results from the first quarter were as expected and we feel good about our expected performance for the full year. Eastman specific actions which we expect to contribute $0.50 to $0.75 of earnings per share growth in 2014 are on track. Some examples include mix improvements in Advanced Materials or [ph] products like Tritan copolyester and premium acoustic interlayers, we had the larger percentage of our revenue in the first quarter. Our acetate joint venture in China is also producing commercial quantities. And we continue to benefit from synergies related to Solutia acquisition. Another Solutia related synergy is the progress we continue to make on our corporate tax rate this quarter, bringing the rate down to 28% and with the potential for it to go lower. As a comparison, for the full-year of 2010, our effective tax rate was 34%. We also continue to be disciplined in how we deploy capital. During the quarter, we announced two bolt-on acquisitions which are complementary to our existing fluids and performance films businesses and will help us grow profitably and I will talk more about those later. And our board authorized us to repurchase another $1 billion of shares and with $260 million of share repurchase in the quarter, weve begun using this authorization after completing the previous $300 million authorization. This authorization further reinforces the boards commitment to returning cash to shareholders and its confidence in our ability to deliver consistent superior value. Finally, Eastman was recognized by the EPA with the 2014 ENERGY STAR Partner of The Year  Sustained Excellence Award. This is the third consecutive year Eastman has been recognized as an Energy Star Partner of the year. And we are the only chemical company to have won 3 Energy Star awards. This recognition is a great win for us on two fronts, as it represents both our commitment to improving the environment through energy conservation, as well as our ability to reduce energy costs through smart management, innovative sustainable solutions and ongoing productivity improvement. On Slide 4, I will review our first quarter results. As we indicated back in January, we expected to start out the year a bit slower than we did in 2013 due to factors such as narrowing olefin spreads and customer buying patterns for certain product lines especially fluids, fibers and performance films, and our results are consistent with that guidance. Sales revenue was essentially flat as volume growth in coatings, advanced materials  premium product lines and Adhesives & Plasticizers was offset by lower volume in specialty fluids, performance films and rubber additives. Operating earnings declined by about 5% with higher propane costs being a significant headwind this quarter, particularly for Specialty Fluids & Intermediates segment and also impacting our Additives & Functional Products and Adhesives & Plasticizers segments. Another factor that impacted our results in the first quarter was weak demand in China, particularly for solvents, tires and plasticizer product lines where we see slowing China growth results and increased composition in the North American and European markets. While longer-term we remain very positive on China in their shift towards a more consumer-based economy, midterm this transition is clearly challenged. Earnings-per-share was about flat year over year as lower operating earnings was offset by a lower share count, stronger other income, lower interest expense and a lower tax rate. And this result is consistent with our strategy of using all lines of the income statement to deliver EPS growth. And I will turn over to Curt to review the segment results and our cash generation.
Curtis Espeland: Thanks, Mark and good morning everyone. I will begin on Slide 5 with the review of the Additives & Functional Products segment. Sales revenue increased slightly as higher sales volumes for coatings more than offset lower sales volumes for rubber additives. The higher sales volumes for coatings was primarily attributed to strong demand in both the building and construction and transportation end markets. The lower sales volume for rubber additives was primarily attributed to customer destocking in Asia-Pacific, which we believe is now behind us and we look forward to volume growth in this business for the balance of 2014. Operating earnings were down $4 million as propane prices were roughly 55% higher year-over-year. Looking forward we expect strengthening [ph] demand in the coatings and tires markets generally will be a benefit. However higher year-over-year propane costs will continue to be challenged carrying into the second quarter. So we expect these higher costs will not be a factor in the second half of the year. In addition, we are investing roughly $10 million in our tire business for the year. This is primarily to support enhancements in the technology for our market-leading Crystex product line and we expect this investment to begin ramping up in the second quarter. And we are seeing increasing competition for solvents primarily due to the impact of economic weakness in China. As a result, we continue to expect operating earnings will be between $410 million and $430 million for the year. Adhesives & Plasticizers is next on Slide 6. Year over year revenue was flat as tire volume was offset by lower selling prices. Volume increased for adhesive resins as the hygiene and packaging markets strengthened and in the year ago quarter, there was customer inventory destocking. Pricing decline for both adhesive resins and plasticizers due to increased competitive pressures. Operating earnings declined slightly year-over-year with lower selling prices and higher propane costs offsetting lower operating costs and volume growth. Given the challenge that adhesives and plasticizers experienced in 2013, I thought I would provide some sequential comments for this segment. Sequentially revenue increased more than 7% with volume gains in adhesive resins driven by a competitor outage and some seasonality and volume gains in plasticizers due to continued substitution of phthalate plasticizers with non-phthalate plasticizers and seasonality. Operating earnings increased sequentially primarily due to the volume growth in adhesives resins. Looking at the full-year 2014, we expect end markets, including hygiene, packaging and building and construction to have stronger demand. However we do not expect the competitor outages that occurred earlier part of the year to continue into the second half. We are also expecting increased competition from adhesive resins capacity being added by a competitor. As a result, we continue to expect adhesives and plasticizers earnings to be between $150 million and $175 million for the year. Moving next to Advanced Materials on Slide 7. Revenue was relatively unchanged while operating earnings increased. For revenue higher sales volume for Tritan copolyesters and premium acoustic interlayers was offset by lower performance films volume due to a plan change in customer incentive terms in Asia-Pacific, shifting volume to second and third quarters. The increase in operating earnings was primarily due to lower unit costs especially for copolyesters resulting from higher capacity utilization, partially offset by lower volume and lower capacity utilization in performance films. Additionally, product mix improvements continue to be a source of earnings growth for this segment and that was reflected in this quarter's results with the previously noted growth in Tritan and premium acoustic interlayers. Looking at the full year, we continue to expect volumes to increase and product mix to improve as we grow our premium branded products, including Tritan, premium acoustic interlayers and performance films. As a result, we expect earnings to be between $280 million and $300 million which would be strong growth. Next up is Fibers on Slide 8. Sales revenue increased as higher selling prices were partially offset by lower sales volume. The lower volume was primarily in acetate tow due to customer buying patterns and additional industry capacity, including our joint venture with China National Tobacco Corporation, which is now producing commercial quantities. This was partially offset by acetate flake sales volume to the joint venture. We anticipate buying [ph] patterns for acetate tow will return to more normal levels beginning in the second quarter. Operating earnings increased as the higher selling prices and the sales of flake to the JV were partially offset by the lower acetate tow volume. For the full year, Fibers is on track for operating earnings between $500 million and $520 million. I will finish up the segment reviews with Specialty Fluids & Intermediates on Slide 9. Sales revenue decreased primarily due to lower volume which was mostly offset by higher prices. The lower sales volume was in both specialty fluids and other intermediates. The lower sales volume in specialty fluids was primarily due to the timing of customer project completions. The higher selling prices were primarily due to more sales of higher priced specialty fluids and higher raw material and energy costs. Operating earnings declined due to higher raw material energy costs, lower volume and cost of a weather related outage at our Longview Texas facility. For the company, the weather related outage in Longview had about an $8 million negative impact on the first quarter's and there will be a smaller impact that will carry into the second quarter. Looking at the full year, we expect higher raw material and energy costs will continue to be a challenge. We also expect some of our license activities to be completed in 2015 as opposed to during 2014. And were expecting specialty fluids volumes to be down for the year as the slowdown in China negatively impacts the rate of construction for new chemical plants. As a result, we are expecting operating earnings will likely be towards the lower end of the range of $330 million to $370 million that we provided in January. On Slide 10, I will cover some of our other financial highlight for the quarter. We used operating cash of $30 million in the first quarter which was in line with our expectations. Net earnings were solid and we had our normal seasonal working capital increased for receivables and inventory. Moving to free cash flow, you see it was a negative $205 million in what is typically our seasonally lowest quarter for the free cash flow. Capital expenditures at $122 million is in line with our expectation for full-year 2004 capital expenditures of approximately $600 million. And we paid our dividend which was $53 million in the quarter. We also repurchased $260 million in outstanding shares during the first quarter completing our prior authorization and using approximately $100 million of the new $1 billion authorization announced in February. With our first quarter results we're on track for the full-year free cash flow of approximately $600 million. I would note this expectation does not include the cash impact of any acquisition related costs. Lastly, our tax rate for the first quarter was just over 28%, a nice improvement over our previous guidance, reflecting continuing benefits from the integration of Eastman and Solutia business operations and our underlying legal entity structures. We currently expect our tax rate for the full-year to be approximately 28%. We are continuing our efforts with Solutia operation which could possibly result in a slightly lower effective tax rate going forward. Further, the effective tax rate excludes the benefits of any tax extenders in 2014 should our legislators be kind enough to extend them in this calendar year. With that, though, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Costa: Thanks, Curt. I am on Slide 11 to discuss our full-year 2014 outlook. Our first quarter earnings were solid start to the year putting us on track to meet our previous expectations. We continue to expect that Eastman- specific actions will continue to contribute $0.50 to $0.75 for the year. As we previously guided, the benefits of these actions should increase over the course of the year and be more significant in the second half. We also haven't seen anything that changes our view on the impact of nearing olefin spreads on 2014 earnings. We still expect to be between $0.30 and $0.40 with more of the impacts in the first half given how high propane prices were at the beginning of the year. We start out the year with flat revenue and we expect global economic growth to be lackluster this year. However second quarter revenue started out very strong. And with that, and the expectations that will gain momentum this year, our revenue growth for the full year should be consistent with global GDP growth. Well see economic growth improve globally from where it is now, and particularly in end markets such as transportation, building construction and consumables, we have leveraged to that growth. And we will continue to benefit from a disciplined approach to capital allocation including share repurchases and bolt-on acquisitions we have announced. As a result, we continue to expect 2014 EPS to be between $6.70 and $7.00 per share. Turning next to Slide 12, we remain committed to our strategy of delivering consistent earnings growth from a portfolio, especially businesses, that we will grow through both organic efforts and acquisitions, at the heart of our strategy sustaining our earnings and growth in our core businesses that provides cash flow to deliver consistent growth. With two thirds of our sales revenue coming from product lines where we have the number one or two position we are well positioned in leading these markets including how we continue to innovate and win with our customers. Our growth in Tritan, premium acoustics are great examples of this success. At the foundation of our success is our world-class technologies and integrated nature of our streams which gives us an advantage. Were well positioned to leverage our world-class technology platforms in cellulose, polyesters, olefins and PVB into new applications as we address global macro trends such as energy efficiency in emerging class and a move towards increased health and wellness. Were seeing great promise in several of our top organic growth platforms such as microfibers, cellulose for tires and polyesters for coatings. Further our significant stream integration not only gives us the cost advantage, but enables flexibility in how we manage our portfolio to flex where we can have the highest margins. The expectations we have for this year and beyond indicate they were making great progress implementing the strategy, which should enable us to drive growth above GDP in the long-term while maintaining our industry average margins  industry above average margins. And more importantly, this strategy delivers very strong free cash flow enables us to continue our balanced approach to capital allocation to create shareholder value. On Slide 13, is a nerve review of the bolt-on acquisitions we announced during this quarter. Starting with the BP aviation turbine engine oil business we expect this acquisition will close in the second quarter and will be slightly accretive to 2014 earnings with high single digit EPS accretion in 2015. Results from this acquisition will be reported in specialty fluids intermediate segment and 2013 annual revenues were approximately $100 million. With this acquisition, we will grain a growing and nicely profitable business that aligns well with our existing Skydrol Aviation Fluids Business. As a result, well be better able to meet the needs of the global aviation industry which we expect will result in growth above GDP. Next is Commonwealth Laminating and Coating or CLC. We expect this acquisition will close during the second half of the year and will be accretive in the first full year after close. Results from this acquisition will be reported in advanced material segment and as with the BP acquisition, 2013 revenues were approximately $100 million annual. With this acquisition, we will extend our performance films global product offerings for solar control window film and protective film applications, expanding our portfolio and our customer base. We also gain efficiencies to better utilization of our manufacturing assets. These acquisitions are examples of Eastman deploying capital to businesses where we have our leadership position in order to strengthen our position and accelerate growth and we are very confident that the returns from these acquisitions will be consistent with our expectation of value creating spread above the cost to capital. Next is capital allocation on Slide 14. And in the first quarter, we continue to demonstrate our commitment to disciplined capital allocation. Starting with capital expenditures, we are in track for approximately $600 million in 2014 and we are spending on specialty products that will contribute to earnings growth this year such as Tritan expansion and the Therminol specialty fluids expansion of wells expected to start later this year or early 2015. Moving next to debt, after repaying the term loan from Solutia acquisition last year, our remaining debt maturities are attractive and our profile is consistent with our investment grade company. On joint ventures and acquisitions, we are continuing to look for additional acquisitions, but the market remains floppy. And on the trading cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, we did both in the quarter. We expect to continue to repurchase shares for the balance for the year, but expect the pace to moderate from the first quarter levels. And on the dividend it continues to be reasonable for investors expect that dividends will increase of their earnings. Lastly this morning Im pleased to announce that were hosting an Investor Day in New York on Thursday November 6. Weve been on quite a journey over the last decade to get to where we have a portfolio especially businesses with leading positions and product lines that represent two thirds of our revenue. Weve delivered four consecutive earnings growth  years of growth and are poised for a fifth year in 2014. The main purpose of our Investor Day this year will be for our senior management share with you our strategy for building on its foundation to grow earnings for the years to come. Well be sending more detail shortly, I hope you all be able to join us, with that Ill turn it back to Greg.
Gregory Riddle:  Okay thanks, Mark. We have a lot of people on the line this morning and we'd like to get to as many questions as possible. So please limit yourself to one question and one follow up. With that, Augusta, we are ready for questions.
Operator:  Thank you, Mr. Riddle. The question-and-answer session will be expected electronically [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from Kevin McCarthy of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin McCarthy  Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Yes, good morning. Mark can you discuss how your volume wouldve trended on a monthly basis through the quarter recognizing you have the outage at long view? And then how youre order books were shaping up for April?
Mark Costa: Good morning, Kevin. The order trend as you might expect from our guidance trended upward from January through March. So January and February are softer than we expected due to all the factors that we mentioned and then we saw you know some good improvement in margin and even further strength in April.
Kevin McCarthy  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then secondly, on the adhesives and plasticizers you indicated some issues there, how would you compare the sequential improvement to a normal seasonal pattern and to maybe can provide a little bit more color on the various issues, plasticizer pricing and how you see that playing out through the year?
Mark Costa: Sure, the adhesive and plasticizer segment I would describe as stabilizing this year and along lines of what we expected. So on the adhesive side these talking seems to be over when we put it behind us last year and weve saw some reasonable improvement in demand in adhesives around packing, hygiene, in particular hygiene and that was a good source of strength for us in the demand improvement. I would also note though that last year was an easy comp where was a little bit of destocking in adhesives as the market loosened up and people are dumping safety stock in Q1, 2013. Overall demand came in nicely and we were also given an additional bump in demand because one of the key competitors in this market had several supply issues that drove some demand our way as well. But that continues to be solid strong growing market and we continue to expect to do so and look forward to that demand. On the pricing side with adhesives Id say that the pricing discipline has stabilized for the first half of the year from what we can see rather than prices went up considerably and are staying relatively high which is the key alternative material to hydrocarbon resins, but we do expect some moderation rather than prices towards the back of the year because we can see people are climbing up the trees in China and up to mountain in China to tap the trees and expect a bit of a better raising crop this year and one of our competitors in hydrogen, hydrocarbon business is bringing some capacity online, well be looking to fill that out in the back half of the year.
Kevin McCarthy  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thats helpful, thanks a lot.
Mark Costa: I just want to make sure that I answered your plasticizer question too Kevin which is demand there is improving and quite strong. We see an acceleration and substitution towards 168 non-phthalate plasticizers especially with prop 65 in California naming DIMP as a product of concern for health effects, were already seeing some strong moment there. So, the demands good there but we continue to face competitor challenges on pricing in plasticizers as a result of Asia Pacific demand being week and competitor from Asia looking to place material in Europe and North America.
Kevin McCarthy  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks Mark.
Operator:  Our next question will come from Robert Ford of Goldman Sachs.
Robert Ford  Goldman Sachs:  Thank you good morning.
Mark Costa: Good morning.
Robert Ford  Goldman Sachs:  If you could talk a little bit about the  I may have missed, when you talked about the film Customer Incentives in Asia that is one of issue or is it something that is a sustainable change.
Mark Costa:  It's a sustainable change in our shifting to customer order pattern where we hope to be more in line with demand and production through the season which is predominately strong in second and third quarter. We had some customers who are loading up in the beginning of the year and then are buying much and were trying to smooth out the production patterns. So we expect that demand will be solid and on track for performance films for the year, it just as a slightly different shape and that will be the case in the future years.
Robert Ford  Goldman Sachs:  I think thats kind of rubber market and particularly in tires, we saw some pretty good macro data out there and I guess, if that was evident I didnt notice it in your trends, are there something going around buying patterns for rubber additives that we would have missed some of that better macro data during the quarter?
Mark Costa: No, its not a buying pattern shift. This was more of a destocking issue. In Asia Pacific, we had a number of customers who had built more inventory than they needed through the end of last year and entire demand was not great over in Asia Pacific. And you have remembered that were highly leveraged commercial truck and tire demand as oppose to passenger tires. And we saw a lot of destocking, I think some of our  other suppliers to this industry, saw a similar kind of event in Asia Pacific. But demand has already started to improve pretty dramatically relative to where we were in January and February across all the regions. So we feel good about the year from the demand point of view.
Robert Ford  Goldman Sachs: Got it, its helpful. Thank you.
Operator:  Well go next to Frank Mitsch of Wells Fargo Securities.
Frank Mitsch  Wells Fargo Securities: Good morning and nice start to the year.
Mark Costa: Thank you.
Frank Mitsch  Wells Fargo Securities: I just want to follow up also on this the non-phthalate and phthalate switching plasticizers side, obviously you had tasted some issues with phthalate guys dropping price to maintain share and that was capping your business. But now youre talking about some of the regulatory issues that are driving your business and how should we think about that switch going forward and the concerns from the competitor behavior from the phthalate guys?
Mark Costa: Its a good question, Frank. And as we look at, were very confident in the demand growth on non-phthalate plasticizers in North America and Europe in particular, is going to be quite strong into the future. Were only a small percentage of the total plasticizers market at this point, so there is plenty of room for growth and this prop 65 event in California has pushed the number of customers over into finally switching, they all knew was coming and this was sort of  this rather broke the camel back we think. So on the demand side we feel quite good, but its important to note that on the competitive side we still see a lot of competition in which weak demand in Asia there is still lot of price pressure in this business and with this large amount of demand growth we would expect other competitors to switch into trying to make non-phthalate plasticizers on a long-term basis. So great growth, competitor pressure still solid attractive business and the overall segment earnings well above the cost of capital for the business even though its earnings wed like to improve from where we are today.
Frank Mitsch  Wells Fargo Securities: All right great. Obviously thats agents of the guidance of the 150 to 175 for that business which kind of teams on the light side, but well see how the year progresses. And then I also want to follow up on that $0.50 to $0.75 of Eastman specific actions that you guys are taking on the capacity expansion improved mix, tech licensing and synergies. On the tech licensing I thought I heard you suggest that some of that might be slipping in to 2015, I dont know if I heard that correctly, can you expand upon that? And how are you feeling about that $0.50 to $0.75 for 2014?
Mark Costa: Frank, you heard correctly. The license was part of the $0.50 to $0.75 and the reason you had so much of range of $0.50 to $0.75 was some of the uncertainty we had around licensing on what would happen. So that would be pushing us towards the lower in to that. But I would also recognize Curtis tax department as delivering another solution related synergy on continuing to find ways to improve our taxes. And therefore earnings per share and I think as Curt noted were guiding 28 but we have good chance of improving that number and continuing to deliver better EPS growth through that synergy.
Curtis Espeland:  I want to remind you Frank all those factors that some of the improvement that are specific Eastman actions like our expansion of Tritan in the a second half for the year. So we feel good about whats in $0.50 to $0.75 as it relates to things we control other than the licensing which were at to some extent we have to work with our license fees. But its really baked in well to our overall guidance for the year.
Frank Mitsch  Wells Fargo Securities: All right, so that probably makes $8 a little bit easier for 2015. Thank you so much.
Mark Costa: Thanks Frank.
Operator: Well go next to Nils Wallin of CLSA.
Nils-Bertil Wallin  CLSA Limited: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. One is on Europe; a lot of your competitors have noted how strong Europes been from a volume perspective and rebound in the economy there. It seems like your revenues were pretty flat year-over-year. So is there a mix effect, is there something different thats going out that youre seeing then others?
Mark Costa: I would say we feel good about Europe being solid. I wouldnt describe it as a strong volume growth for us. Im not sure which competitors were discussing strong Europe growth in which segments. What I can tell you is that were seeing good strong growth in automotive demand, related to our Saflex products were seeing good recovery and strength in the tire related demand and feel good about that. So its pretty much in line with our expectations.
Nils-Bertil Wallin  CLSA Limited: Got it. And then just on the closure of the performance film factory in Taiwan. Was that because of poor costs or demand what was the reason for that closure?
Mark Costa: Yeah, well, we look that as ways to satisfy our business and I would say some of our demand for that Saflex probably is not as strong as we anticipated. So we really took these actions for twofold one is to respond to that expected demand, but also then to improve our costs support service.
Nils-Bertil Wallin  CLSA Limited: Great, thanks very much.
Operator:  Our next question will come from John Roberts of UBS.
John Roberts  UBS Investment Bank:  Hi, good morning.
Mark Costa: Good morning John.
John Roberts  UBS Investment Bank: Could you tell us what the next step are in the Westlake pipeline dispute, and just give us an updated and status of any efforts to monetize assets long you?
Mark Costa: Well, Ill start, and Im going to ask Josh just to remind people where we stand with that  what is our excess ethylene position in Westlake, we have the taxes, but we continue to explore options for monetizing our excess ethylene Josh could just remind everyone on phone what that is?
Josh Morgan:  Sure. This is Josh, John. So the size of this were talking about around 700 million pounds of excess ethylene that we sell to the market every year.
Mark Costa: So there is a various contractual and other complexities involved as we talked about. One of those complexities continues to be with our dispute with Westlake. We continue to feel good about our position. The next step is really the Texas Railroad Commission is going to be holding a hearing the next year here is coming up in May. So until we continue to progress with the those actions, well continue to try to monitor the situation. We still have people interested in that excess ethylene position but this just down now a matter of timing to get these results satisfactory.
John Roberts  UBS Investment Bank: And then as a follow up, do you expand you propane hedge at all during the quarter and could you give us an update on that?
Mark Costa: Sure. As I mentioned at the last call, given the volatility in propane and some of our other input costs, we modified our commodity hedging program to extent up to a potential two years rather in the past we can only look at six months as winter spike protection and ultimately our goals to remove volatility of costs. I would say were already actively executing out program and also were much further along this year then we were at this point last year. So the only thing thats different year-over-year as I mentioned before we dont have any hedges on emergence of ethylene sales, but I feel very good about our steps that were taking to protect some of our input costs over the next couple of years.
John Roberts  UBS Investment Bank: Thanks.
Operator:  Our next question will come from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews  Morgan Stanley:  Thanks. Can you remind me whats in the other segment and what actually happened in the quarter that may they come in better?
Mark Costa: Sure. If you look at the other segment, thats a reflection of both some of our corporate growth spending thats not specific to any individual business, as well as some of our pension cost that are not allocated to a segment. When you look at the performance in the first quarter really couple of factors going on, one is there are some lower cost based on some of the actions we took last year, reducing some specific programs. We knew that some of those costs were going to go in to some other segments as we supported those growth efforts and thats why being done so it might have reduced other segment, but its being felt in other areas of the businesses. And then some of our gross spending is probably off to a opt to a little slower start then we anticipated, but thats good cost discipline and aligned with what were trying to achieve, but I would expect our corporate growth spending to increase during the course of the year, but when I look at all those pieces together or other segment for the year well probably be more 55 million versus what I provided earlier in the year.
Josh Morgan: I just add, its important to keep Curtis comment about some of those resource is being deployed to other segment which matched a bit of the earnings growth thats going on in some this other segment as were wrapping up and working on some critical growth programs for the future of the company especially AFP and AM. So just, its important to keep that in mind as youre looking at the year-over-year comps.
Vincent Andrews  Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator:  Our next question will come from Jeffrey Zekauskas Morgan Stanley  excuse me, JP Morgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas  JP Morgan: Hi, good morning. You spoke about improving your tax position. Does this change for cash taxes and if it does change for cash taxes, by what percent?
Mark Costa: I would say the changes that were making on the effective tax rate also impact our cash taxes. These are real savings both in 2014 and going forward. So the things were putting in place are things that will help Eastman for many years to come. The cash tax rate that is more  the change would be more in line with the change in the effective tax rates. So if you go down to 29% to 28% rate, youll improve cash taxes by that same percentage point. And then as we improve it further and Im confident well improve it just the order of magnitude, that will have the same impact on cash. The main factor going on right this year on cash taxes continues to the NOL that were utilizing from the Solutia integration and that will continue this year and next year.
Jeffrey Zekauskas  JP Morgan: Right. And you also said that this $0.30 to $0.40 headwind from propane, how much of the $0.30 to $0.40 was in the first quarter?
Mark Costa:  $0.30 to $0.40 that we talked about, we said predominantly was going to be in the first half of the year and thats what were experiencing, Jeff.
Jeffrey Zekauskas  JP Morgan: Right, I know that, but how much is in the first quarter?
Mark Costa: Were going to see a fair bit in the first half and its probably a weighted a little bit more towards first quarter than second quarter.
Jeffrey Zekauskas  JP Morgan:  Okay, thank you very much.
Operator:  Jeffery Fisher with Barclays has our next question.
Jeffery Fisher  Barclays Capital:  Yes, good morning. First questions, the continuing, kind of the propane  if we look at the conversation, propylene to your propylene derivatives, how successful on the commodity part of that have you been in getting price, you know with the run up in propane over the last six months?
Mark Costa:  On the propane to propylene side of the equation, we actually feel quite good about how weve managed the pressures in the first quarter and what we expect in the second quarter. Obviously theres some pressure there, but propylene prices have been a little bit higher than last year giving us the ability to price in the marketplace and on the commodity side in particular, I think weve done a good job of holding on to our pricing and doing well there. So that part feels good. The real challenge we face is more on the propane to ethylene side as I noted in the last call where ethylene prices are obviously  considerably lower than what we would have expected at the Investor Day in 2012, for example and so the pressure is more on the bulk olefins and some of the ethylene special derivatives.
Jeffery Fisher  Barclays Capital:  Okay, thank you. And then on the comments you made around your new JV and acetate tow, can you talk about the dynamics? It seems like youre kind of cannibalizing some of your old tow sales, but yet getting some flake sales into the JV. How should we expect that to roll through over the next year as this anniversaries?
Curtis Espeland:  This is Curt. So if you look at total volumes, again theyre lower due to customer buying patterns again not unusual for this industry. But again, additionally industry is absorbing some additional capacity primarily at our 30,000 ton plant with the joint venture with the CNTC. So you can think of that 30,000 tons as the volume and revenue from that is being  we dont see that in our segment results. Thats really going through our other income line for our 45% interest. But as expected, the volume loss that the industry is absorbing and weve included our percentage of that industry absorption is resulting other tow lines but its been offset by the acetate flake volumes that were selling to the Joint Venture. So thats kind of the trade-off youre seeing in that. But again, fibers is delivering some pretty good earnings even with some of that shift from, you know direct sales versus due to joint venture delivering that $500 million to $520 million plus some of the benefits well see from that joint venture in the other income line.
Jeffery Fisher  Barclays Capital:  Great, thank you guys.
Operator:  Well go next to P.J. Juvekar of Citigroup.
P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup:  Yes, hi. Good morning.
Mark Costa:  Good morning P.J.
P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup:  Mark, there was a big decline, 500 basis point decline in specialty fluids in the intermediate margin. I know you had that outage, but how much of that was due to propane spike and how much of that was due to I think these specialty fluids destocking that you mentioned.
Mark Costa:  Yeah, the drop was primarily driven by the propane compression on ethylene and propylene related products. But specialty fluids was a contributor, a meaningful contributor as well. Thats really just the chunkiness of demand patterns in specialty fluids. So the fields were just werent as strong  in particular, solar fields can be quite large and cost a chunkiness nature across quarters. So it was soft in the first quarter. We actually expect it to be strong in the second quarter and balance itself out. I would note that this brings up a broader topic that it means that this year because of some of these propane related things, were going to have a bit of a stronger second half than normal from an earnings point of view and softer first half. You can see it just by the cost loads there is and some of the ways demand patterns are picking up. And its just important to keep in mind as youre thinking about your models.
Curtis Espeland:  And if I could Mark, if I look at overall cost increases from raw materials year over year its roughly about $40 million. Thats many times what Jeff will as in some of our calls. And of that $40 million, its predominantly propane and natural gas. So Josh, remind me the percentage of the segment  of that propane headwind.
Josh Morgan:  Okay, so for propane just the pure cost is that the majority were seeing this quarter is going to go as five, but its also shared between [indiscernible].
Curtis Espeland:  So the majority of that  that raw material had when I mentioned [indiscernible].
Mark Costa: Just one other point which is the cost associated with the Longview outage which was about $8 million in the quarter. A good portion of that was in the specialty fluids in the intermediate segment as well.
P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup:  Thank you. And then, secondly, sticking to this propane thing, you have this deal with enterprise on the PDH Unit and your long term contract. When that starts up, what kind of bottom line impact do you expect? Thank you.
Curtis Espeland:  Okay. So yeah, were looking forward to that unit coming on and our participation with it. When we announced that opportunity, we also discussed a long term supply agreement we are already feeling the benefits of that. And I would say once we bring the PDH unit, there will be at a slight improvement over where we are today.
P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup:  Can you quantify that at all? Thank you.
Mark Costa:  P.J. I dont have a number before you right now.
P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup:  Thanks.
Operator: Well go next to Mike Sison of KeyBanc
Mike Sison  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hey, good morning guys, nice start to the year.
Mark Costa:  Thank you.
Mike Sison  KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Mark, you mentioned investing in a Crystex this year. Can you maybe help us what exactly that does for you in terms of maybe profitability or a longer term positioning?
Mark Costa:  Weve been working on a fairly comprehensive Crystex strategy about how we sustain earnings growth in this business. As those who followed Solutia know Crystex actually one of the key parts of Solutia, great product line which is insoluble salt that vulcanizes rubber. But it does phase competitive challenges with some competitors coming in great synergy between Eastman and Solutia where we were able to take some of our scientists to dramatically improve the process technology with them. And where we [indiscernible] a process technology that will enable us to improve the cost structure -- well start building by the end of the year by 20% to 30%. [Indiscernible] this technology is that it allows us to retrofit existing plans and get significant cost improvements. It would be more exciting for me [indiscernible] it improves the performance characteristics of the product and allows us to differentiate ourselves in what we offer to the marketplace versus the current competitors. So were actually starting the retrofit on one of the first lines in Europe and were also doing a lot of piloting to make sure we understand all the product performance characteristics and validate all the left home with the process technology. And thats really what's causing the $10 million ramp up in cost. And I would note that that ramp up really starts happening in the second quarter through the end of the year on that $10 million. So its a great long term investment. Were really excited about this. When you start these things, it takes some investment.
Mike Sison  KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Okay, great. And then, when you look at advanced materials, you had a decent start to the year. But still if you take a look at the ramp that you need to see to head 2015, how are you feeling in terms of the  maybe structurally getting there from what youve seen for the business thus far?
Mark Costa:  It was a great start to the year. You know, it was little masked by the performance comes over the patterned shift. But we feel great about the momentum in that segment for this year. The demand recovery and the automotive first sectors is driving good demand not just for the premium products, but for the standard products as well. And we certainly continue to see very robust demand for Tritan and our co-polyesters, so that part is going great, were rushing to do our debottleneck expansion on Tritan to enable that growth which will be key contributor to 2015 earnings growth so we bring that additional capacity online to grow in especially plastics group. We also have some new product launches and they are doing well, well tell you more about later in the year that are getting us into some new products and markets in especially plastics and the electronics market.
Mike Sison  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thanks.
Mark Costa:  Overall I feel good about the momentum, I think that as you look to 2015 in earnings growth for advance materials I think its well position to have another strong earnings growth in 15 over 14.
Mike Sison  KeyBanc Capital Markets:  And what I could Mick on top of that is if you remember our guidance back at the Investor Day that was built around three elements strong growth that Mark talked about with the product lines, levering the asset investments that weve made in the improved product mix all those things are on target. I would remind you though that the two areas that may be are little softer than what we thought back in Investor Day is one is just what is the level of auto and interlayer growth in Europe. And then secondly with the electronics business or display business is probably not as strong as we are visioning back there. So great fundamentals overall but those are the two areas of weak thats compared to what we were assumed back in Investor Day. And speaking on Investor Day just going back to one of the question PJ had, there is a slide we provide at the Investor Day that gave some  shows you some of the benefits were expecting from the improvements weve made in olefins from our cracker  some of our cracker expansions, the propylene contracts we have as well as what we expected the PDH unit benefit to be at 15 then the assumption at that time was a mid-year benefit, and the 15  it was by the $10 million benefit going from 14 to 15 was our rough estimate of the benefit of that enterprise contract.
Mike Sison  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Great, thank you.
Operator:  James Sheehan with SunTrust has our next question.
James Sheehan  SunTrust: Good morning, just wondering on your Crystex investment. You mentioned some weakness in China and you would specifically target the entire market for that, is there any concern about where the demand is for that new capacity or is that are you confident that the higher technology offering that youre giving is going to offset that?
Mark Costa:  We continue to view the overall global tire market holding around the 5% long-term growth rate and we dont think its going on right now and China indicates that there are some sort of structural changes in the need for tires in the future. I think that globally there is a question about changing consumer driving patters and all of that that feed into the long-term growth rate but were seeing and say that were concerned about demand. Wed also note that when we build the Canton plant it is an extremely attractive plant and how we can leverage the existing fixed cost at our Canton sites since were just adding another unit next to an existing one which gives us great flexibility going forward in the future to both support growth at the markets growing or if necessary if demand is not as strong as we would all like weve got the flexibility to rationalize some of our smaller plant and improve our overall fixed cost structure across the globe. So it's a good investment no matter what scenario of the world you look at.
James Sheehan  SunTrust: Very good and then in just in fiber I noticed the pricing that go up this quarter that lower rate than in previous quarters, did you see that pricing gain decelerating over the rest of the year or are we getting back to the type of increases we have last year?
Mark Costa:  Well I think on the pricing side, I think while we tend to have is good conversations with their customers around what's the quality of our product and their ultimate demands as well as the change in input cost. So I think its usually good transparency with both parties and pricing will be indicative of raw material inputs and just how the overall market is.
James Sheehan  SunTrust:  Thank you.
Operator: Well go next to Laurence Alexander of Jefferies LLC.
Laurence Alexander  Jefferies LLC: Good morning, one short-term question, one long-term question on fibers, can you give some detail on the negative volumes and particularly given class [ph] expansion you did what's going on in the industry dynamics? And then longer term question is this you look at the bridge to 2015, youre going to have a tailwind from the acquisitions, it sounds like in the mid-teens, you have the buybacks, the product will catch up to the raw material pressure, you have the licensing thats moved into 2015 of lower core growth, if you put all those together, it sounds like you have about of $0.50 to $0.70 tailwind next year. What are the negatives that would offset that?
Mark Costa:  Ill get to the second question in a second, but could you repeat the first question, it was a little for some reason it was gobble that I couldnt hear it.
Laurence Alexander  Jefferies LLC:  So fiber volumes were down about 2% could you give some detail on what youre seeing in the industry and [indiscernible] contacts of your leasing capacity expansion?
Mark Costa:  Sure, on the first question around fiber demand, we certainly see a slowdown in fiber demand growth, were not looking at the overall market in decline for 2014 relative to 13, but if it's at the lower end of the growth rate we wouldve expected, it's not hard to imagine why thats happening with all the drivers out there from taxes to smoking concerns and to a minor extend e-cigarettes. So thats consistent with how we think about and view the market, but I would say it's growing slower than it did if you look at past average primer growth rates over the last five years. In regards to 2015, as we look at that year and the challenges in general Id say we feel very good about the things that you noted, but the biggest challenge thats out there especially if people are asking their dollar share question is the global economic growth that Curt noted, propane prices are moving in ways that we expected from a propylene point of view as we discussed in last call we certainly face some compression on propylene, ethylene related products versus our original assumptions. So thats a bit of a headwind in 15 but it in the year-over-year headwind I think we  from 14 to 15 point of view that impact is already being felt in 14 and I dont expect a big year-over-year problem in 15 in fact I think weve done a better job of hedging in the next year to mitigate some of that cost pressure we felt on 13 to 14 basis. So I think were actually well positioned on the propane topic. This is more of a general economic question and then you always have that question around competitive behavior, the biggest impact weve had if you look at our 2012 Investor Day expectations with the drop in adhesives and plasticizer earnings relative to where were and we dont see that recovering back to high levels. I think it stabilized and I think our ability to improve from where it has, but certainly not going to jump back where it was.
Curt Espeland :  One other thing I might add with this to, what I like about Eastman today may be when much you saw about Eastman ten years ago, the men and women at Eastman are focused on year-over-year earnings growth. So the specific actions we take, we know sometimes well have benefits in one year while theyre continuing benefits into the other year. So we know some of that $0.50 to $0.75 benefit that were expecting in 14, will have a benefit on a full year basis next year an example again is that Tritan expansion where we are to bottleneck in 25% of our capacity there. So we are focused on everything we can control to deliver that year-over-year earnings growth 14, 15, and beyond.
Mark Costa:  It's important to know the strength of our cash flows. So it gives us a lot of options. As youve already seen, we demonstrated the willingness to continue doing acquisitions that are accretive and have good finishing with the company and willing to repurchase shares and weve got a great organic portfolios, so we continue to feel very good about delivering consistent strong earnings growth as we go forward.
Laurence Alexander  Jefferies LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Well go next to David Begleiter of Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter  Deutsche Bank: Thank you, Mark. On fibers to reach the upper end of your guidance range, youll need to add about $135 million of earnings in Q2  Q4 thats versus $117 million in Q1, so what's going to drive that increase sequentially?
Mark Costa: Well David I appreciate your effort to try and give me to move to the upper end of the range in fibers, we have a range out there because there is some uncertainty about demand and so as we look at Q1 we dont think thats representative of the future. We certainly can see that the buying pattern shifting back to what wed actually call normal buying patterns. Last couple of years demand was so tight, people are buying a lot more in first quarter just to make sure they got product, in this year we see a more typical buying patter and develop where our first quarter was little bit softer than youd like and second will be stronger. And so we dont have any concerns we think demand will continue to develop us as we expected for the year, but certainly it's at a more moderate growth rate than what we saw in the past couple of years.
David Begleiter  Deutsche Bank: And just the buyback pace. Mark, you mentioned will slow over as Q1, just how much will it slow you think in the rest of the year on the total basis?
Mark Costa: Well, I couldnt answer that one.
Curt Espeland:  Yeah, I mean as you know you look at the share repurchases as one of the mechanisms to deploy cash. I mean, our priorities for cash remain capital expenditures to support our organic growth, attractive mergers and acquisition and share repurchases as just again a good valuable use of cash. Weve still have $900 million remaining on our authorization that our board was going up to provide us given the confidence in our financial positions and cash flows. But it will moderate, but having said that, were in the market today and well be in the market throughout the year just not at that same pace of the first quarter and probably at a pace thats more similar to what youve seen from us in the past.
David Begleiter  Deutsche Bank: Thanks you.
Mark Costa:  Weve got time for one more question please.
Operator: And our last question will come from Bill [indiscernible]
Unidentified Analyst:  Hi, this question is for Mark, just and I hope that you might clarify a comment that youve made earlier about the relationship between the first and second half, where you referring to the growth rates being stronger in the second half or the absolute dollars of earnings being stronger in the second half?
Mark Costa:  I was referring to earrings. So while we certainly would have preferred some revenue growth in the first quarter than what we saw, we see strong improvement in revenue growth already in the beginning of the second quarter and expect that to deliver a good revenue, sequential improvement in the second quarter and of course continuing out into the third and fourth. So its really an earnings comment as the propane cost are primarily driven by the high propane prices in the winter of the first quarter, but of course a lot of still have to flow through into the second quarter and that creates some earnings headwinds. And we have some additional growth investments like the tires growth investment ramping up in the second quarter that wasnt in the first. So there is a few things that are creating some cost dynamics relative to revenue in the second quarter, but those are expected to abate by the end of the second quarter as well as the Texas outage I should know that would allow earnings to be better than what is a typical first half, second half seasonal or patterned earnings raising.
Curt Espeland: And if I may also, the eastern specific actions are weighted more towards latter part of the year than the first part.
Unidentified Analyst: I mean, just to be absolutely clear what you are saying is, unlike current first call estimates, the third quarter will be larger than the fourth quarter  larger than the second quarter, this was not the case in 2013, is that correct?
Mark Costa: Bill, were not giving quarterly EPS or EBIT targets today, thats not what were doing. So you are getting a directional guidance, but were not going quite that specific.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great, thanks.
Mark Costa: Okay.
Curt Espeland: Thank you everyone for joining us this morning. Well, replay and a replay and downloadable MP3 format will be available on our website beginning in approximately 11 AM. Have a great day.
Mark Costa: Thank you, everyone.
Operator: That does conclude todays conference. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-31 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory A. Riddle - Director of Investor Relations Mark J. Costa - Chief Executive Officer and Director Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC, Research Division P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division John Roberts - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Nils-Bertil Wallin - CLSA Limited, Research Division James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company Fourth Quarter Full Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on Eastman's website, www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory A. Riddle: Thank you, Chris. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are: Mark Costa, CEO; Curtis Espeland, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Josh Morgan, Manager, Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover 4 items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's fourth quarter and full year 2013 financial results news release and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for third quarter 2013 and the Form 10-K to be filed for 2013. Second, earnings per share and operating earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain noncore or nonrecurring costs, charges and gains. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded items, are available in our fourth quarter and full year 2013 financial results news release, which can be found at eastman.com in the Investors section. Projections of future earnings in the presentation also exclude such items as described in the fourth quarter financial results news release. Third, this presentation includes revenues and operating earnings on a pro forma combined basis, assuming the acquisition of Solutia have been completed January 1, 2012, that compare postacquisition results to preacquisition pro forma combined results. More information on pro forma combined results is in our fourth quarter 2013 financial results news release. And lastly, we have posted slides that accompany our remarks for this morning's call on our website in the Presentations & Events section. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Mark J. Costa: Good morning. Thanks for joining us. I'll start on Slide 3. 2013 was an outstanding year at Eastman as we continue to build on our strengths and navigate through challenges. EPS grew by approximately 20% in 2013 and we have now delivered 4 consecutive years of double-digit earnings growth. The CAGR for EPS over the last 4 years is 34%. We had another year of strong free cash flow in 2013 generating $674 million. And Curt will talk more about that in his comments. In 2013, we made solid progress in growth initiatives throughout the company. Advanced Materials or Eastman Tritan copolyester volume increased by more than 15% in 2013. And we are currently adding additional capacity to serve continued demand growth. In our plasticizers business, Eastman 168 non-phthalate plasticizers volume grew by approximately 25%. And as with Tritan, we are increasing capacity to serve continued demand growth. With our joint venture partner, China National Tobacco Corporation, we completed construction of 30,000 metric tons of acetate tow capacity. And that plant is running at commercial levels today. We also began construction of a capacity expansion in Wales for our Therminol heat transfer fluids business, which is expected to be operational later this year. Moving next to the Solutia integration. We began taking steps to ensure a successful integration before we completed the acquisition in July 2012. We have now brought the majority of Solutia's businesses on the SAP system and expect to complete the SAP migration for the remaining businesses around mid-year. We've captured cost synergies we thought we would and expect to realize more here in 2014. We continue to work on revenue and operational synergies in a number of areas and the outlook for those is good. And we operate today as one effective team. In addition, we continue to deliver cash to stockholders through both the growing dividend and continued share repurchases. In 2003, our stock repurchases totaled $238 million, including $125 million in the fourth quarter. And we now have increased our dividend 4x in the last 3 years. Overall in 2013, we continued our journey of demonstrating the strength and consistency of our company. Moving next to our fourth quarter corporate results on Slide 4. We had a solid fourth quarter with revenue growth in all but one of our segments, reflecting solid volume growth. Operating earnings are up as strong growth in the Fibers and Advanced Materials segments was offset by declines in Specialty Fluids & Intermediates and the Adhesives & Plasticizers segments. And EPS increased primarily due to solid operating earnings, as well as a lower tax rate. On Slide 5, our full year earnings. On a corporate basis, revenue increased by 3% in 2013. The primary driver again was volume with increases in all but one segment. Operating earnings increased by over $100 million in 2013, given this higher volume and improved capacity utilization. And operating margin increased by 70 basis points to 17%. This is our highest full year operating margin in the last 5 years, reflecting the strength of our portfolio and end-market diversity. Now I'll turn it over to Curt, who will take you through our segment results and financial highlights.
Curtis E. Espeland: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with Additives & Functional Products on Slide 6. For fourth quarter, sales revenue increased primarily due to higher sales. Solvents volume increased strongly as demand strengthened in both the durable goods and the building and construction markets. We also added solvents capacity at our Longview facility at the end of the second quarter to serve the demand growth. In addition, volume increased for cellulosic polymers globally and for Crystex rubber additives, particularly in the Asia-Pacific region, both attributed to increased demand in the transportation market. Operating earnings increased slightly as the higher volume was somewhat offset by higher raw material and energy costs, particularly higher propane. As with the fourth quarter, full year 2013 revenue increased primarily due to higher sales volume. Full year operating earnings increased as the higher volume was somewhat offset by spread compression for antidegradants sold in the tires market and continued growth spending in the segment. For 2014, we expect continued volume growth for solvents and cellulosic polymers as demand continues to strengthen in the transportation and building and construction markets. However, a contracted olefin spread will be a headwind for our solvents business. We also expect the restock cycle for tires in Asia-Pacific to continue in 2014, but we are not yet projecting a restock cycle for tires in North America or Europe in 2014. Putting this together, we expect another year of solid earnings growth in 2014 with earnings between $410 million and $430 million. Next on Slide 7 is Adhesives & Plasticizers. Starting with the fourth quarter, sales revenue and operating earnings declined primarily due to lower selling prices for adhesive product lines and lower sales volume for plasticizers with operating earnings also being negatively impacted by higher raw material and energy costs. For the full year, revenue and operating earnings declined primarily due to lower prices throughout this segment and lower volume of adhesive resins product lines with operating earnings also negatively impacted by higher raw material and energy costs. As we finished the year and start 2014, we are seeing early signs that demand has stabilized. For adhesive resins, demand is projected to strengthen as we believe inventory destocking by our customers has concluded. And we are taking actions to reduce costs here, including reducing overhead costs required to support the business and reducing operating costs at our Middelburg facility. In addition, we are moving forward with our joint venture in China to build a low-cost worldscale hydrogenated hydrocarbon resin facility, which we expect will be online by the end of 2015. For plasticizers, we expect better end-use demand with our customers telling us that commercial building and construction market is improving. However, we expect the competitive environment we faced in 2013 to continue in 2014, resulting in continued pressure on pricing. As a result, we expect 2014 earnings to be between $150 million and $175 million. Advanced Materials is on Slide 8 and they made good progress in 2013. Fourth quarter revenue increased due to higher volume for Tritan and higher volume for other copolyesters sold into the packaging market. Operating earnings increased as capacity utilization improved year-over-year, leading to lower unit costs. You'll also recall that in the fourth quarter of 2012, we were destocking inventory in a few product lines. For the full year, revenue increased due to higher volume for Tritan and for interlayers with acoustic properties. Full year operating earnings increased as capacity utilization was higher for the year and mix improved as we sold more Tritan, the V-Kool window film and interlayers with acoustic properties. For 2014, we expect volumes to increase and mix to continue to improve as we grow our premium branded products. We expect volume for our specialty plastics products sold into displays market to be flat as demand continues to be soft in the displays market. Taken together, we expect earnings to be between $280 million and $300 million, which would be solid results for the segment. Fibers is on Slide 9 and they had another exceptional year. 2013 marks their 10th consecutive year of earnings growth. Full year sales revenue increased due to higher selling prices in response to higher raw material and energy costs, sales of acetate flake to our China acetate tow joint venture and higher acetate yarn sales volume. And earnings were higher as the higher selling prices more than offset raw material and energy costs. Looking forward to 2014, we expect this streak of consecutive earnings growth will continue. We expect operating earnings to be between $500 million and $520 million. I'll wrap up the segment discussion with Specialty Fluids & Intermediates on Slide 10. In the fourth quarter, sales revenue increased slightly as higher volume, particularly for olefin-based products in North America, more than offset a decline in specialty fluids volume due to the timing of customer project completions. Operating earnings declined as higher raw material and energy costs, particularly for propane, which was up more than 35% year-over-year, more than offset the higher volume for olefin-based products. For full year 2013, both operating earnings and revenue increased slightly. Operating earnings increased as the combination of lower raw material and energy costs, particularly with propane, along with higher volume of olefin-based products more than offset lower selling prices and lower specialty fluids volume. Looking forward to 2014, we expect operating earnings to be between $330 million and $370 million. The range reflects the volatility of the key raw materials, particularly propane. I'd also remind you that we're expecting revenue from technology licensing in this segment in 2014, which should help negate the impact of raw material volatility. While volumes in specialty fluids are expected to grow, the timing can be impacted quarter-by-quarter by customer sales, especially in the renewable energy market. But all in all, we're expecting solid results from this segment. On Slide 11, I'll transition to an overview of our cash flow and other financial highlights for 2013. We did an excellent job of generating cash in 2013 with operating cash flow of $1.3 billion. This is a record for cash flow from operations for us. This level of cash generation reflects solid net earnings and discipline on working capital, which was up only slightly year-over-year. We also utilized just under $300 million of the $1.5 billion of NOLs we acquired as part of the Solutia transaction. Our free cash flow was $674 million for the year. Capital expenditures were $483 million, about in line with the guidance we gave you. And dividends were $140 million for the year. I would just ask you to remember that we only had 3 dividend payments in 2013 since we accelerated the first 2013 dividend payment into the fourth quarter of 2012. Looking at the balance sheet. We now have repaid the $1.2 billion term loan for the Solutia acquisition. $950 million was repaid in 2013 using a combination of available cash and lower-cost borrowing. Our net debt now stands at approximately $4 billion, a reduction of approximately $500 million for the year. And we are solidly within the metrics for an investment-grade credit rating with a stable outlook. Fourth quarter results were impacted by a mark-to-market gain of $297 million related to our pension and other postretirement benefits. For the year, the net gain was $380 million -- $383 million, which included an interim remeasurement in the third quarter. Also in the fourth quarter, we had asset impairments and restructuring charges of $52 million. This included charges for the decision to discontinue the Perennial Wood growth initiative. Perennial Wood has been a good -- has had a good response in the marketplace, but we could not get the underlying economics to continue to support this investment. We expect spending and other for 2014 will decline slightly as a result of this decision, offset by increases in spending for other growth initiatives. Finally, our tax rate for the fourth quarter was 26%. This is lower than our previous expectation, as it reflects the positive impact of integrating the Eastman and Solutia tax structures, as well as a $14 million benefit of favorable foreign tax audit settlements that occurred late in the year. For the full year 2013, the tax rate was approximately 28%. We have sharpened our pencils, given the continued benefits of the Solutia integration and other business changes. And we expect our tax rate for the full year 2014 to be up only slightly to approximately 29% and we're continuing to work hard to improve it even further from there. So this is just great work by Vince, John and the entire tax team, as well as of those involved with implementing the various initiatives that are required. So with that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark J. Costa: Thanks, Curt. I'm on Slide 12 to discuss our 2014 outlook. I mentioned earlier that we've grown earnings for 4 consecutive years. We are confident that 2014 will mark the 5th consecutive year of earnings growth for Eastman. Our confidence begins because of the Eastman-specific actions we are taking, which we expect will contribute between $0.50 to $0.75 in EPS in 2014. The narrowing of the propane-to-propylene spread will be a headwind in 2014, likely in the range of $0.30 to $0.40. Although there is currently economic uncertainty, we are well positioned to benefit from an improving global economy in 2014. And the combination of share repurchases and acquisitions are also expected to contribute to earnings growth. Bringing all this together, we expect EPS to be between $6.70 and $7 a share in 2014. We expect to start out the year slower than we did in 2013 as we face narrow olefin spreads, continued challenges in Adhesives & Plasticizers and the buying powder that's associated with certain differentiated product lines like specialty fluids. However, we expect to gain momentum in the second quarter as raw material costs decline, particularly for propane, coatings demand picks up in the building, construction and transportation markets and we see normal seasonal improvement in demand across other areas of our business. In addition, the benefit of the Eastman-specific actions we are taking to increase earnings will build during the course of the year. With the next few slides, I'll give you some additional details on the factors impacting EPS in 2014, beginning with the actions we are taking to grow earnings. We first showed this slide back in October and remain confident in these actions today. Regarding the capacity additions, the acetate tow JV is at commercial quantities today and both the Tritan and Eastman 168 expansions are expected to be operational later this year. On mix improvement, we made good progress with each of these products in 2013 and expect that will accelerate in 2014. On technology licensing, we expect at least 1 license in 2014 and we expect in the years to come, we will consistent revenue from technology licensing with acetyl and the technology for the production of MEG from synthesis-based feedstocks that we announced in October. Lastly, on cost synergies from Solutia acquisition. We ended 2013 at a run rate slightly above $100 million and expect to add another $20 million of synergies by the end of '14. All-in, we remain confident that these Eastman-specific actions will add between $0.50 and $0.75 to EPS in 2014. On Slide 14 is a discussion of the expected impact of changes in the olefin spread in 2014 earnings. In the table, you can see the average annual prices we have projected for key olefins as we forecast the impact of narrowing spreads. We are taking actions to offset the narrowing of spreads. First, we are adjusting the ratio of propane and ethane we crack to produce propylene and ethylene from 80% propane and 20% ethane we ran in 2013 to something closer to 70% propane and 30% ethane in 2014. And given the respective prices of propane and ethane, this makes economic sense. As we've indicated previously, we do have an active hedging program and that we do have propane hedges in place for 2014, which will mitigate some of the impact of the higher prices. We're also taking actions with pricing to attempt to offset as much of the higher feedstock costs as we can. Propane prices are expected to increase in 2014 over 2013, helping us raise our prices for our propylene derivatives. Our more substantial challenge is the propane to ethylene. So given the spike in the propane cost here in 2000 -- early 2014 in the large part due to the cold weather much of the country is currently experiencing, the respective prices of other olefins and the other actions we are taking to offset the headwinds we face, we project a negative impact of $0.30 to $0.40 on EPS. Next, on Slide 15, is our leverage to improvement of the global economy. And while there's uncertainty about the pace of global economic growth in 2014, I remain very confident that we benefit from the diversity of our end markets and our geographic exposure and that we have good leverage to improving growth. On markets, you can see that we do not have any market that represents more than 20% of our total revenue. And as specific markets improve, we are well positioned. So as the transportation market improves, we benefit through our tire additives and coating businesses in the Additives & Functional Products segment and Saflex demand in Advanced Materials. As building and construction market improves, we benefit through the company, including our coatings and plasticizers businesses. And as the consumer markets improve, including consumer durables and packaging generally, we benefit through our adhesives resins and specialty copolyester businesses. Looking at geographic regions. In 2013, as you can see, the U.S. and Canada represented 46% of our revenue while Asia was our second-largest region at 28% and then Europe was at 21%. As the U.S. continues to strengthen, we expect to benefit in just about all of our segments. We will also benefit as Asia-Pacific and particularly China, continues to transition from an infrastructure-based investment economy to more of a consumer-based economy since many of our products sold into China go into the more premium goods that consumers in China increasingly want. As European economy begins to improve, we are leveraged for that in each of our segments. We aren't leveraged to one specific geographic region or to one specific market. As global economic growth improves, I think the benefit of our diversity would be clear. Moving to Slide 16. Another factor impacting our 2014 earnings is our cash flow and how we deploy it. We delivered strong free cash flow in 2013 and we expect to do that again in 2014. Operating cash is expected to be a healthy $1.4 billion. Capital expenditures will be up in 2014 compared with '13 by about $100 million and above the top of our normal range as we have increased infrastructure spending in Kingsport, including converting 2 of our boilers to natural gas from coal. And we're spending on growth initiatives such as the expansion of Therminol heat transfer fluids in Wales, as well as our Tritan and Eastman 168 plasticizer expansions. On dividends, we only had 3 dividend payments in 2013 and we'll have the normal 4 payments in 2014. And the net result is projected free cash flow of about $600 million. Moving to the next slide. We will remain disciplined and balanced on how we deploy the cash. I mentioned capital expenditures on the previous slide. On debt, we will continue to optimize our debt structure within our investment-grade rating. On joint ventures and acquisitions, we continue to look at bolt-on acquisitions. For example, earlier this week, we announced the acquisition of an aviation turbine oil business from BP. When combined this with our Skydrol aviation fluid, the product from this acquisition, which has annual revenues of approximately $100 million and margins above our corporate average, will enable us to better meet the needs of the global aviation industry. In addition, an acquisition like this provides an opportunity to access the capital markets to continue to take advantage of the attractive debt market. And on stock repurchases and dividends, we expect to continue to be active as guided by our board. In the fourth quarter, we spent $125 million of share repurchases and we have continued to make repurchases here in January. For full year 2013, we have purchased 3.2 million shares for $238 million and we expect to continue to repurchase shares to more than offset dilution in 2014. On the dividend, we continue to expect our dividend to increase as our earnings increase. I conclude on Slide 18 with comments about our strategy for delivering consistent and superior value. As you can see, we believe the combination of growing the existing portfolio greater than GDP growth rates plus growing beyond the existing portfolio and a balanced approach to capital allocation will create value for all of our stakeholders. Key levers as we execute this strategy are winning with the customers through innovation and we will bias our SG&A and R&D spending towards innovation going forward, strengthening our competitive position through productivity and leveraging acquisition to improve the portfolio. We're also working to reduce our olefins exposure as we continue to pursue options for our excess ethylene and as we grow the current portfolio of businesses into other areas. While we have challenges to overcome, I'm excited about the opportunities of are ahead and the great team we have at Eastman that positions us to succeed. With that, I'll turn it back to Greg.
Gregory A. Riddle: Thanks, Mark. We have a lot of people on the line this morning and we'd like to get to as many questions as possible. [Operator Instructions] . With that, Chris, we are ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from David Begleiter of Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Mark, in your guidance, what are you assuming for share buybacks? And why weren't you more explicit about buybacks, given that the debt, the term loans were paid and I think you had projected that you would be aggressive on buybacks in 2014?
Mark J. Costa: I'm not exactly shocked that, that might be the first question off the gate. A good question and a fair one. We've been very clear that we've always had a disciplined and balanced approach to capital allocation and we intend to keep it that way. We're prioritizing all of our investments around organic growth opportunities and we're very excited about the strength of our portfolio and we'll continue to make those investments. As we clearly noted, we still have free cash flow available after those organic needs and after being paying the dividend. So the third question to ask, where are we going to go with the capital allocation between sitting on it, which we don't intend to do, we intend to deploy it, or deploying it against M&A and share buybacks. We're going to take a position where we stay flexible on how much of that we're going to do between M&A and buybacks. We think it's a good discipline to look at both the M&A market and the opportunities they present for creating long-term earnings growth, as well as share buybacks. I think it's likely that we're going to buy back shares more than dilution this year. But as always, that's subject to board support.
Curtis E. Espeland: And Mark, if I could just add. David, just to let you know, we started the year with $160 million remaining on our current authorization. As Mark mentioned, we are continuing to repurchased shares to start the year. So we know as part of our normal interactions with our board, we'll be discussing with them the size and timing of our next authorization. You've heard from us in the past, we've had a great relationship with our board and they've been fully supportive of that balanced and disciplined capital allocation strategy that Mark mentioned.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Very good. And Mark, just on Fibers, given lower raws, higher prices and likely higher volumes, is there an upside to your guidance of $5.20 on the top end for Fibers in 2014?
Mark J. Costa: It's a good question, Dave, especially given how we beat our forecast in 2013 from the beginning of the year. We've put a lot of more effort in trying to get that forecast right this year and thinking through all the elements of price, raws and volume. And I think the guidance we've given you is a good one.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Kevin McCarthy of Bank of America.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Mark, on Slide 14, you outlined some of your input cost assumptions for the year. It's very helpful. You also indicated, though, that you had some hedges in place. And so if I look at the propane level of $1.18 per gallon, is that on a market price basis? And perhaps you could comment on how hedges helped you or hurt you in the fourth quarter and what your expectations are for 1Q, given some of the distortions related to the so-called polar vortex.
Mark J. Costa: Yes. So I'm going to answer the first half of that question around our view of prices. I'm going to let Curt handle the hedging question. With regards to our view on prices, the $1.18 is based on the forward market curve that we see that's available in the market. So the other prices, like propylene, et cetera and ethylene are based on the IHS. But that's the forward curve for the market as of 2 days ago. In regards to hedging, we do have a very active hedging program, where we try and mitigate a material amount of our exposure on propane. I'll let Curt to add some more comments.
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes. As Mark mentioned, Kevin, we have an active hedging program across commodities, currencies and even interest rates. On the raw material side, we primarily hedge propane, ethane and natural gas. Traditionally, we have hedged to provide some seasonal spike protection, such as the winter or hurricane season and to provide time for our businesses to kind of respond with the appropriate pricing that is needed with that input cost. Given the trends that we've seen over the last 6 months, we've actually gone -- traditionally, I would say we would've hedged out 6 months. We actually are not going be on that timeframe and we might even find ourselves hedging 1 to 2 years out, given some of the volatilities that's out there. As I look at our fourth quarter, normally, we would have put a healthy level of spike protection in for that. As you know, propane moved quickly in that August-September frame, so I'm probably thinking as much into it as I would've preferred. And some of that has continued in the first quarter. But we do have a healthy level of hedging protection that's helped us in fourth quarter, will continue to help us in the first quarter, but, more importantly, will help us in the year at hitting that guidance that we provided.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then a second question, if I may. Mark, you've put out an Adhesives & Plasticizers earnings range of $150 million to $175 million or so. Can you talk about your level of confidence in that range? If I look back at 2009, a credit crisis year, I think you had a 12.8% margin. Do you think that could prove to be a durable low? Or are there factors you're saying that could create a little bit more risk on the downside?
Mark J. Costa: Great question. And we certainly are paying a lot of attention on the Adhesives & Plasticizers business and doing what we can to improve it, Kevin. Right now, what we'd say is the indications are the business is stabilizing. I think from a volume point of view in adhesives, we were sequentially flat in fourth quarter and actually stronger on a year-over-year basis. And as we look at '14 over '13, we expect demand to improve. The destocking appears to be over, so we don't have that as a headwind in this year. Hydrogenated demand is still quite solid especially with hygiene demand. And I think it's fair to assume, given the worldwide global economy, the packaging demand is going to improve, but it's unclear exactly how much. And that's one of the key issues, is getting that demand to improve to stock up some of the excess capacity in Asia, in particular. The key uncertainty for us is really competitive behavior. So there are 2 elements to that as we explained in past calls. One is the substitute material, which is rosins versus our hydrocarbon resins. The prices had gone up a lot as we talked about in the third quarter call and they have stayed up relatively high. So that is reducing the amount of substitution towards rosins from hydrocarbon resins, which is helpful. And those prices are likely to at least stay high for the first half of the year. There's uncertainty about what the rosin crop will be this year and how that will impact prices in the back half of the year. The more significant issue is just what happens on the like competitors and hydrocarbon capacity. And there's still certainly adequate supply in the market to serve demand, so we don't see a lot spread recovery. But if spreads hold and demand improves, then you can see how this business would start stabilizing. And even if demand improves, we have some room for some spread erosion to hit the low end of the guidance on the adhesive side. The plasticizer is a pretty similar story. We see demand recovering in North America with B&C, especially in flooring, so that's going to help this year, which was certainly not there last year. And the non-phthalate substitution, it was expected to continue. We had very strong growth in our non-phthalate 168 plasticizers, and that volume growth will be there. So I think we feel good about the volume side in the plasticizers, and then you're just back to the same conversations in adhesives, which is what's going to be competitive behavior as excess capacity, in particular in Asia, is chasing demand in Europe and the U.S. because China demand has been relatively slow to grow last year and clearly uncertain this year based on all the press. But again, you've got very strong volume growth to absorb some spread compression if it happens. Or if it doesn't happen, then you go towards the higher end of that range. And Kevin, one thing I'd note is that we're not just sitting here waiting for the world to get better. We are taking a number of actions to improve this business. So we are taking a hard look in reducing some costs in SG&A and R&D. We've got a great project in our Middelburg site that's going to improve the cost position of the plant in the late half of the year. And we're very excited about the plant we're building with our joint venture partner in China, which we expect to be online late '15, which will be, by far, the world-class, low-cost plant in the world to serve the hydrogenated resin market, where we have a more differentiated position. So there are other things that we have going on that improve this business versus just waiting for supply-demand to get better.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Robert Koort of Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: It's actually Brian Maguire on for Bob today. Just back to Slide 14, just as we -- I really appreciate the color on the '14 impact from narrowing olefin spreads. But as we just think about the first quarter impact, just to help us with the modeling, is it -- I think that's where you're going to see the bulk of the impact. Is it going to be about half of that full year number, or anything to kind of figure out the cadence of that $0.30 to $0.40 impact?
Curtis E. Espeland: This is Curt. Yes, our strategy here is to kind of give you inputs on what's coming into our full year guidance. We're not going to sit and try to break down that component quarter-by-quarter. But you can do the math of where that forward curve is and kind of expect a good portion of that headwind is going to be in the first quarter.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And have you already shifted your olefins units to 70% propane today? And if so, does that mean that you have to buy a little bit more propylene from the merchant market?
Mark J. Costa: We have shifted the assets over to that mix and are pushing it as hard as we possibly can. And it doesn't have any material impact on our need to buy propylene.
Operator: And we go next to Frank Mitsch of Wells Fargo Securities.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Obviously, very strong volumes in Q4. Can you talk about where you stand on your capacity utilization? Obviously, you've got some expansions going on in the Tritan and the plasticizers, et cetera. Where do you stand there? And what should we expect in terms of overall capacity on a percentage basis additions in 2014 and what your utilization may be?
Mark J. Costa: Sure. I think that the utilization, as we look at '13, was certainly relatively high across the company. And we expect utilization to continue to be high and higher in '14 as demand improves. It's important to keep in mind that looking at absolute utilization is a little deceptive with Eastman because we have a mixture and flexibility of our integrated assets, where we can always run the big engines and the big parts of our capacity quite high and selling off some of the intermediate products. And then what we focus on doing is growing the higher-value specialty products as fast as we can that shifts the utilization towards those higher-value products, improving the mix in our business. And on the specialty products, in a lot of the areas, we still have plenty of capacity and room for growth in that leverage on those assets. So in performance films, we have that. In interlayers, both inside Advanced Materials, we have that leverage. And in copolyesters, we certainly have that leverage as well. Obviously, in some places, we're tight, like Tritan, and that's why we're adding capacity, or in Therminol, where we're adding capacity. So we've got the room to support growth. We've had some great capacity additions that allowed us to grow that we brought online in the fall, like the China JV in tow. The ethylene oxide derivative capacity expansion we did for Additives & Functional Products allowed us to accelerate growth and will support growth this year. So a key part of understanding our earnings is that it's not just about volume growth. You get misled if you just look at the top line revenue. It's about substantial mix improvement, given the high-value products we're growing much faster than some of the intermediates.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Is it fair to say that given the volume growth that you are seeing in your businesses that pricing is definitely going to follow?
Mark J. Costa: I think we feel good about our pricing strength in most markets right now. It's always subject to what competitors are doing. Adhesives & Plasticizers is the one place where we obviously have some challenges. But otherwise, we feel pretty good.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: All right. Great. And then lastly, speaking of how you're feeling, how you're feeling about $8 in 2015?
Mark J. Costa: I'm surprised it took this long to get to this question. I knew I could count on you, Frank. So $8 a share, we remain committed to driving towards $8 a share in 2015. From an organic perspective, clearly we're going to have some challenges in reaching that number. If you go back to Investor Day guidance and look at the earnings that we provided for each of the segments at that time, our largest problem obviously is Adhesives & Plasticizers and we just had a discussion around some of the challenges there, getting it to stabilize and improve. But that's been a big hit as we've already advised in the past. But the strength of our portfolio also shows up here on why we like the diversity of our portfolio because you can also see that Fibers is significantly outperforming what we would have guided at Investor Day, offsetting a good portion of the hit we've taken in Adhesives & Plasticizers. And that's always part of that diversity. You have a view on things at one point in time, but the world never sort of cooperates. Some things do better, some things do worse. But the value that diversity continued to deliver consistent earnings growth. The second part about our organic challenge obviously is at Investor Day, we assumed about 3.5% global GDP compounded from '12 to '15 and that's certainly not worked out in '13 and '14. I think we see that the world may strengthen here. And hopefully, it will help. But that's a bit of a headwind, especially in Europe, with some of our businesses that are focused on building, construction and transportation. And at a lower level, I would say actually relative to those 2 things is the cracking spreads being a headwind. There's certainly a headwind from a '13 to '14 point of view. But if you go back to our view of the world in '12, we had a bit of a different view. And the propane-to-propylene spreads aren't all that different today than what we would've assumed in '12. The real challenge we have is actually propane to ethylene, where both ethylene and ethane prices today are much lower than where we were in 2012 on our expectations. And that's a bit of the challenge that we feel on that side of it. And we do have hedging and pricing and other things that we follow to address some of those cracking spread challenges. So those are some of the challenges. Now we're not just sitting here with that. We're thinking about how we pull every lever we've got in the company to improve our performance and deliver. As we noted, we have a bunch of specific actions we're taking in 2014 to get to $0.50 to $0.75. In addition, we're also taking a variety of cost actions to improve the Adhesives & Plasticizers business. And we're developing a fairly robust set of ideas for 2015 that we'll do that we'll talk to you about later in the year. The other thing that's important to note that we can go back to what Dave asked about at the beginning of the Q&A is that we do have an extremely strong cash flow and balance sheet and we have one of the highest EBITDA margins of our peer set. And so that gives us strength and flexibility to find additional ways to grow earnings beyond organic growth and we certainly intend to do that. As I said, we're going to be balanced and disciplined in this approach. We're not going to get focused on any one lever as a solution. Our job is to create both short- and long-term value creation and consistent earnings over the years. And so we need to be measured and careful about how we make the decisions between acquisition and M&A -- I mean, acquisitions and repurchase. I think we have demonstrated that we're willing to do that. Even in the last quarter, we started buying back some shares beyond dilution and we did an acquisition as well that's going to be a great addition to our SFI business. So I feel very good that we're in a good position here. We've delivered 4 very strong earnings growth years. I think we're well positioned to deliver other earnings growth this year and next year. And if you look at that and think about how many companies in the S&P have delivered sort of 6 years of continuous growth, I think that we're doing relatively well compared to that group. And it all comes back to the strength of our portfolio. We've got leading positions in many of our businesses. We've got strong diversity in our end markets and geographies. We've got world-class technology platforms. And we have the cash. So we feel good about driving towards that number. We're not letting go of that as our goal.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: If we take sort of the hypothetical situation, where you've got your $600 million of free cash flow this year. Now let's say there's an M&A opportunity that comes along that would require the entire use of that $600 million. How will you sort of examine and make the decision between M&A and share repurchases? What things would be important to analyze for you to make the decision to go one way or the other?
Mark J. Costa: That's great question and it's one that we're constantly debating and trying to think about, what are always the best things to do for our shareholders. As I noted in my prepared remarks, there's the debt market out there as well, so it's not just what do we with our free cash flow. So we'll look at using and exploiting the debt market, especially how attractive it is right now, as part of funding M&A as we go forward. But the tradeoffs are trying to think through the timing. We look at a robust portfolio of M&A ideas that we have and we're continuing to revise and look at those. Obviously, valuations are a bit high in a lot of opportunities right now, so we need to make sure that we continue to be disciplined and not overpay in chasing M&A ideas. The accretion is important and it's easy to get with cash today. But we need to make sure there's a good ROC above the cost of capital. So we're not going to let go of our discipline. But there are ideas that we think are important to consider. And that then factors into how much stock you want to repurchase this year and be balanced about that. And I think we've got an authorization that allows us to continue to take out dilution this year and think about doing more than dilution on a limited basis. And we're going to continue to make decisions with ourselves and our board about what we should do going beyond that.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Laurence Alexander of Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Two quick questions. First, on pricing, can you give an update on the pricing negotiations or settlements for Saflex and the acetate tow business? And also just on the volume trends in Q4, were there any areas where you think you might have seen any significant prebuying that also affects the bridge into the first half of 2014?
Mark J. Costa: A great set of questions. First, on the pricing, I think with the Fibers guidance we gave you, we're successful in getting what we wanted on pricing and think we're going to have a good volume year there. And so those contracts discussions were successful. With the Saflex business, I would also say we had a successful contracting season with our glass customers in succeeding and improving our position in the marketplace for price and volumes, so we feel good about that business as well. In regards to prebuying, we didn't see that much of it. I was actually concerned we would see quite a bit of prebuying on the propylene side because propylene prices started moving up ahead of January and December. But it wasn't as much as we expected. And I think we did a pretty good job of controlling that.
Operator: We'll take our next question from P.J. Juvekar of Citi.
P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: There was a lot of discussion on propane. But can you talk about propylene and what specific actions are you taking in pricing on propylene derivatives? I think there was an oxo price increase announced. Are you getting any traction on the pricing side?
Mark J. Costa: The propylene side certainly has gone up, as you know, already in December and in January. And I think the expectation is for modest increase in propylene prices for February, as well. We'll have to see how that plays out. But overall, I'd say, on average, we expect propylene prices to be somewhat higher this year than last year. And there's always the wild card of unplanned outages that have a big impact on that story that, obviously, none of us can predict. In regards to the pricing, we have rolled out multiple price increases here in January and for February and we're getting good traction and getting a good portion of those price increases to stick both from the solvents in Additives & Functional Products and the propylene derivatives in SFI.
P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then you mentioned rosin supply earlier. Can you just talk about what are your expectations for rosin supply in China in 2014 because that seems to be impacting and giving, I think, some pricing pressure? And then secondly, just in adhesives, is that a business you want to be in the long term?
Mark J. Costa: In regards to rosin pricing -- you said rosin pricing, I think. In regards to rosin pricing, it went up significantly in the fall and it's staying up and it's expected to come off to some degree when the new crop arrives. The question is, does it go all the way back to 2013 first half levels? Or does it go back to a more normal level, which would have been higher than the beginning half of '13? And most expectations is that middle ground. So the good news about that is, if it stays where it's at and it only comes off a limited amount, the substitution of losing demand from hydrocarbons to rosins is probably mitigated and not as much of a headwind as it was last year. In regards to what the crop will be and how prices will impact the second half of the year, we don't know. When prices are high, more people tend to climb up the hill and seek rosin out of trees in China and it's a bit of a wild card to predict what's going to happen on that front. So we'll just have to see how it plays out. In regards to the business, it's a fair question. I think that if you look at our history, Eastman has always been very disciplined about its portfolio and looking at vesting and grade specialty businesses and continue our journey of being a specialty company and exiting some businesses that we're underperforming in that transition. And we do have a good track record. I wouldn't say Adhesives & Plasticizers is yet in that discussion set. It's a good business. We've had 1 year of tough times and we needed some things play out a little bit here to see how it either recovers or it doesn't. At its current level, though, it's still a very value-creating business. At its current earnings level, even for 2013 or '14, given our guidance, it's still creating value above our cost of capital in a meaningful way. And so we're going to continue to invest in it this year and fixing it and making it more cost-competitive, see how things go and then we'll make the appropriate decisions in the future if necessary.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jeff Zekauskas of JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: In that $0.30 to $0.40 compression from commodities, does that include the benefits of your hedges? Or is that exclusive of the benefit of your hedges?
Mark J. Costa: Jeff, it includes the benefit of the hedges.
Curtis E. Espeland: As well of our pricing actions that we might take.
Mark J. Costa: Yes. A lot of people are doing this math, just doing how much propane we buy times the cost of propane. And obviously, it's hard to know exactly what our hedges are. But the hedges are in there. But you also remember, pricing actions are also in there. And we have a lot of good products that use that propane into specialty derivatives, where we have some pricing power. And so we use that to offset headwinds like this.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then you spoke about changing your mix from, I guess, 80% propane to 70% propane. Where are you getting the extra ethane from? Or is your ethane supply now different than it was previously? Because presumably, you could have done this years ago if you chose. What's different?
Curtis E. Espeland: Jeff, what's different is it's not necessarily the supply of propane or ethane, it's more of the front-end part of our cracking operations. And so you had to make modifications to enable that mix change. And I can guarantee the guys are just continuing to look for more ways to have more flexibility with the options of the feedstocks that we crack.
Mark J. Costa: If you go back 2 years ago, propane wasn't a disadvantaged stock relative to ethane. So you had a different mix balance in how you created value between propylene and ethylene. Now we're in this world where ethane is so substantially lower than propane, it's changed how we're think about that and we've been making investments and creating more flexibility in our crackers.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And if I can make a request. In your financial statements, you don't itemize the effect that your pension gains have on your cost of goods sold or R&D on SG&A or at least as I read them. And it makes it very difficult to know what your cost of goods sold or SG&A or R&D actually is and to compare it year-over-year. And if you look at the disclosures of Dow and some of other companies, they itemize that. And so if it's possible, it would be helpful if you guys did that as well.
Curtis E. Espeland: Jeff, thanks for the feedback. And I can guarantee you, our top-notch SEC and reporting group is listening, so they'll come up with good ways to help you out.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mike Sison of KeyBanc.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Mark, in terms of the tire additives business, with your outlook for '14, particularly in North America and Europe, it sounds like if I did the math, it's going to be several years in a row of that business struggling. Maybe just some top-down thoughts, do you still like the business? Is there potential for this business to grow longer term? Just kind of thought of how that business is coming along for you.
Mark J. Costa: Certainly, the tire business is one we like. It's a great market. It's certainly gone through some very difficult demand challenges at the primary demand level over the last couple of years because I think the tire manufacturers had overproduced and loaded the channel with more inventory than needed and it took a long time to sort of destock it back to demand. When we look at 2014 -- 2013, by the way, was actually a decent improvement in demand for us for both Crystex and antidegradants. And we expect '14 to be another solid volume growth year for us in tires. The Crystex business, which is the majority of earnings, is a very solid business, very attractive margins and we're making a lot of investments to continue to grow and innovate in that space. The biggest headwind we had overall for the entire Additives & Functional Products segment was the antidegradants facing a lot of competitive pressure. That's a small part of the earnings, but it was a material earnings headwind as we continue to struggle with prices in benzene prices or struggled to improve market prices and our raw material costs in benzene went up considerably. So that's one we're taking actions to try and improve. But the overall business, we like. And importantly, it's not just about the products we bought from Solutia. We have some great innovation programs going on, leveraging Eastman asset and technologies into this space. And we're getting great traction with the customers in that space. So we see great growth opportunities for cellulose esters being used in tires to improve traction and wear of the tires and getting great feedback from our customers on that. We're also finding very strong interest in our hydrocarbon resins that we sell through the adhesive segment. We also sell them into the tire segment and see great growth opportunities there. They're moving from using resins as a process aid into a functional additive for the tread and performance for traction in the tire. And there's a lot of innovation going on in that area and we're the leader in providing technical innovation in that area because of the breadth and depth of our technical expertise in hydrocarbon resins. So there's a lot going on there. We like the segment and we're going to continue investing.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And real quick on the heat transfer fluids business, you've added a nice asset there with the BP business. So can you talk a little bit about that? And maybe is this sort of another growth business for you to do more acquisitions? And it's always been a good business for Solutia, could be sort of the next platform for you to continue to grow on.
Mark J. Costa: The BP business is a great, high-margin, attractive, stable business. They've got greater than GDP growth rates to it. And importantly, it's a great fit with our Skydrol hydraulic fluid business. The 2 are often sold as a package by our competitor into the marketplace. And now this significantly improves our competitive positioning and what we can offer to the marketplace as well. So we view this as a great business and a great market. So whether there's additional acquisitions or not, that's something we'll continue looking for. But right now, we're just going to focus on integrating this one well.
Curtis E. Espeland: And Mike, I might also add from a financial perspective, this is the kind of deal we like as well. It's got an attractive ROIC. It's going to be accretive in 2014. It's going to be -- when you include synergies in '15, it's going to be high single-digit kind of accretion. So really nice strategic and financial deal. And we really look forward to working with BP to close this deal up.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Single-digit EPS is what you...
Curtis E. Espeland: Single-digit EPS, just to be clear, yes.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Roberts of UBS.
John Roberts - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Are your discussions to sell part of your cracker capacity on hold until after the pipeline issues are resolved?
Curtis E. Espeland: This is Curt. As you recall, we are exploring options for monetizing our excess ethylene position. And we previously stated that there are various contractions and other complexities that are involved in the process. In July of 2012, Eastman initiated a challenge before the Texas Railroad Commission because of the change made by Westlake to the tariff for its Longview, Mont Belvieu common carrier ethylene pipeline. Just to give an update, on January 7, the Texas Railroad Commission actually ruled it had the authority to hear Eastman's entire challenge of the Westlake's July 2013 tariff change to the common carrier pipeline. And if you recall, that was affecting rate, bidirectional flow and swaps. So on the same day, the case hearings officer then put Westlake's July tariff change on hold pending resolution of Eastman's challenge. So we're hoping to have a hearing in the next 2 to 3 months and remain confident our challenge to Westlake's proposed tariff, we feel good with our position. But on the question itself, yes, we're still exploring options with various parties. But until this matter is resolved, it's going to take us a while to get this thing concluded.
John Roberts - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And as a follow-up here, Westlake has a project to convert its propane cracker to ethane. Their capital cost, I think, is like $140 million. Could we prorate that across your capacity to get an estimate of what it might cost to convert your facilities?
Curtis E. Espeland: So I think you have to look at different cracker operations, the scale of our operations because there are different type of crackers, quite honestly.
Mark J. Costa: Yes. I wouldn't do that because all these crackers are very different beasts.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Nils Wallin of CLSA.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - CLSA Limited, Research Division: I was interested in your choice not to pursue the Perennial Wood initiative. Would you give us some color as to -- I know you said the economics weren't favorable. But would you give us some color as to what you saw specifically? Was the market not as big? Was it too -- did it cost too much to produce? And then given that you're not pursuing it, what type of benefit should we see from the freed-up investment?
Mark J. Costa: Yes. Perennial Wood is probably one of the most frustrating growth platforms I've had to manage in that it was extremely successful from a market point of view but economically not viable. So the market loved the product. We had a great interest and strong adoption-building in the marketplace and it was performing well. But when it really came down to understanding the economics from the price of the raw material to deliver the quality that the market wanted and the yields of the process, the economics were just challenged and it was going to take too long to get to meaningful earnings for our shareholders to continue the venture. So long term, maybe we could have got there, but it just was going to take too long.
Curtis E. Espeland: As it relates to your question around just the impact on that other segment, where it reflects our investments. We -- I think the number is about $74 million investment or loss, however you want to characterize it, in 2013. The impact of this is probably $5 million to $10 million net of some of the other growth investments we're making. And that number will range based on how successful we are with the speed of those other initiatives.
Mark J. Costa: One of the challenges we have is making sure that we always devote our R&D and SG&A efforts to the best growth portfolio. And we have a very robust growth portfolio right now. And so we're shifting a bunch of these resources to higher-value opportunities.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Understood. And then another ethylene question. I believe in 2013, you had locked in maybe 50% of your margins on the ethylene side. Did that hurt you at all this year? And are you going to do the same thing next year or choose to not lock in those margins?
Curtis E. Espeland: So as it relates to 2013, I would say what it did was actually probably a slight hurt. But what it actually did is smooth out the earnings profile associated with that revenue during the course of the year. As it relates to 2014, we do not have that kind of hedge in place.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from James Sheehan of SunTrust.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just wondering if you could quantify the impact on 2014 from the technology licensing?
Curtis E. Espeland: We have not had provided that. We're still in negotiations with different parties on different licensings. But it's a component of that $0.50 to $0.75. And we'll let you know more as we're successful with that effort.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay. Thanks again for joining us this morning. A Web replay and a replay in downloadable MP3 format will be available on our website beginning at approximately 11:00 a.m. Have a great day.
Operator: And this concludes today's presentation. Thank you all for joining, and have a great day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory A. Riddle - Director of Investor Relations James P. Rogers - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Mark J. Costa - President, Chief Marketing Officer and Director
Analysts: Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Research Division James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Nils-Bertil Wallin - CLSA Limited, Research Division Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Christopher J. Nocella - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on Eastman's website, www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory A. Riddle: Thank you, Christie. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Jim Rogers, Chairman and CEO; Curt Espeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Mark Costa, President and CEO designate; and Josh Morgan, Manager, Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover 3 items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's third quarter 2013 financial results news release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for second quarter 2013 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for third quarter 2013. Second, earnings per share and operating earnings referenced in this presentation excludes certain noncore or nonrecurring costs, charges and gains. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded items, are available in our third quarter 2013 financial results news release, which can be found at eastman.com in the Investors section. Projections of future earnings in the presentation also exclude such items as described in the third quarter financial results news release. And lastly, we posted the slides accompanying our remarks for this morning's call on our website in the Presentation & Events section. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James P. Rogers: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin on Slide 3. And as I always do on these calls, I'll take a moment to provide an update on our most recent outlook statements. First of all, we have executed very well on the Solutia integration, and we're at the point now where I can say it is largely complete. Curt will provide you with an update and a bit more color on this topic in his section, but let me state again what I've said on several of these calls now. And that is that I'm very pleased with the success of the integration and how well these businesses and cultures have come together to create value for our shareholders. Next, in July, we raised our full year 2013 EPS expectations to a range of $6.40 to $6.50 from the previous range of $6.30 to $6.40, so we raised $0.10. Today, we are adjusting our guidance back down to those $0.10 to $6.30 and $6.40, and I'll talk more about that in a few minutes. We also said we expected to generate between $600 million and $650 million of free cash flow in 2013, and we remain on track to achieve this. And finally, as always, we committed to remain disciplined in our capital allocation. If you look at how we put our capital to work this quarter and go back to our track record over the past several years, I hope you would agree that we have been very prudent in our choices and focused on creating value over the long term. Next, on Slide 4, the Eastman corporate results. Operating earnings increased third quarter '13 versus third quarter '12 as higher sales volume in the Additives & Functional Products and Advanced Materials segments, as well as higher pricing in Fibers more than offset continued challenges in Adhesives & Plasticizers and the impact of higher raw material and energy cost. The operating margin for the quarter was 17%, about the same as it was in third quarter 2012, despite weakness in Adhesives & Plasticizers and higher raw material and energy cost. Third quarter EPS was $1.68 and with this level of earnings, we remain well positioned to achieve our fourth consecutive year of double-digit earnings growth. And while the global economic environment remains mixed and somewhat unpredictable, our third quarter results reflect the underlying strength of our portfolio of specialty businesses. Next, on Slide 5, I'll highlight our results by geographic region. And you'll notice we were higher across all regions with our largest, North America, up 3% as we continue to see strength in the transportation and building and construction markets. We also had another solid quarter of growth in Asia Pacific, up 5% year-over-year, and growing 11% in each of the first 2 quarters -- after growing 11% each of the first 2 quarters. The growth is primarily driven by strength in both our Fibers and Specialty Fluids & Intermediate segments, as well as significant growth in our Tritan copolyester within Advanced Materials. As I mentioned on our last call, we believe a significant factor is China's transition to a consumer economy and their growing middle class. And our portfolio is well positioned to take advantage of this transition and less exposed to the declining infrastructure spending in the region. We grew revenue 3% in Europe, which was our first positive quarterly comparison this year, and this was driven largely by the Additives & Functional Products and Advanced Materials segments. In Latin America, revenue was up a couple million dollars at just under 2%. So our geographic diversity continues to be a source of strength for our portfolio and our third quarter results reflect that. Moving next to the segments in the Slide 6, where I'll begin with Additives & Functional Products. Sales revenue increased primarily due to higher sales volume across several product groups, and this was particularly true for solvents as we continue to benefit from the strengthening U.S. building and construction market supported by recent capacity additions at our Longview, Texas facility for our ethylene oxide derivatives. Higher volume for cellulose and polymers and Crystex insoluble sulfur also contributed to the higher revenue attributed to increased demand in be transportation market. Operating earnings increased largely due to the higher sales volume, partially offset by higher raw material and energy cost, particularly for propane. Looking at the fourth quarter, we expect operating earnings to be up year-over-year, but to decline sequentially consistent with our normal seasonality you would expect in this business and higher raw material and energy cost. As a result, we continue to expect full year 2013 operating earnings of approximately $410 million, which would be a solid improvement over 2012. Moving next to Slide 7 in Adhesives & Plasticizers. Our third quarter result reflects the continued challenges this segment is facing with both the Adhesives and the Plasticizer businesses impacted. Focusing first on adhesive resins, increased competitive supply, primarily due to increased availability of key raw materials, continues to impact the business unfavorably. Additionally, we continue to see demand weakness in consumables, particularly for tapes, labels and packaging. However, we expect solid long-term growth from increased use of hygiene products, such as diapers in fast expanding markets, particularly Asia. For plasticizers, we continue to face competitive pricing from producers, who, in response to slower growth in Asian and European markets, have increased exports to other regions. At the same time, we also continue to see existing manufacturers of phthalate-based plasticizers trying to defend market share. Taken together, these factors resulted in lower selling prices and, ultimately, lower earnings for this business in the third quarter. On the positive side, we continue to benefit from the substitution of phthalate plasticizers by non-phthalate plasticizers driving demanding growth. Looking at the full year, we expect operating earnings to be approximately $175 million. Advanced Materials on Slide 8, and they had another strong quarter. Year-over-year sales revenue increased primarily due to higher sales volume from Eastman Tritan copolyester, where volume was higher by greater than 70% year-over-year. We continue to see strong adoption for the brand across multiple applications and geographies. And as previously announced, we are expanding Tritan capacity by approximately 25%, which should be completed by the middle of next year. Interlayers' volume increased year-over-year, mainly due to higher sales of the acoustic product line. Operating earnings increased primarily as a result of increased demand for specialty plastics products, included both Tritan and copolyesters, resulting in higher sales volume and higher capacity utilization, which led to lower unit cost. The operating margin for the quarter increased year-over-year to just under 12%, an increase of about 160 basis points. For full year 2013, Advanced Materials remains on track for operating earnings of approximately $250 million. Next is Fibers on Slide 9, and another great quarter for this great business. Revenue increased due to higher selling prices in response to higher raw material and energy cost, particularly for wood pulp. Operating earnings were $113 million, a nice increase over last year. For full year 2013, we continue to expect operating earnings of approximately $450 million, about a 16% increase over 2012. And lastly, I'll give you a quick update on our joint venture with China National Tobacco Corporation to expand acetate tow capacity in China. The facility is operating. It's currently in the process of qualifying material. We did recognize a small amount of revenue and earnings from acetate flake sales to the joint venture during the third quarter, and therefore, we are on schedule to recognize further earnings from our acetate flake sales and the earnings from our equity investment in the joint venture in early 2014. I'll finish out the segments on Slide 10, the Specialty Fluids & Intermediates. Sales revenue increased year-over-year, primarily due to higher sales volume for olefin-based intermediates sold into Asia Pacific, as well as improved pricing in several product lines. Operating earnings were lower year-over-year, primarily due to higher raw material and energy cost more than offsetting higher selling prices. Sequentially, earnings declined primarily due to higher raw material and energy cost, particularly for propane, as well as the timing of project sales in the Specialty Fluids business. Operating margins for the quarter were 14.5%, lower both year-over-year and sequentially but still quite solid. For the full year, we are revising our operating earnings expectations to approximately $380 million, and this would be more than $20 million of earnings growth for the year and would be another solid year for the segment. The next, on Slide 11, is our outlook for the full year 2013. And my main message here is we're on track for a fourth consecutive year of double-digit earnings growth, with our outlook indicating growth in 2013 versus 2012 will approach 20%. This type of consistent earnings growth reflects a few things. First, roughly 2/3 of our sales revenue is in product lines, where we have a leading market position. Second, the end market and geographic diversity that we have are sources of strength. And we continue to leverage our world-class technology platforms in acetyls, olefins and polyesters. So looking specifically at the remainder of 2013, we expect fourth quarter to be seasonally slower, the pace of global economic growth remains uncertain, Europe continues to be weak but not really getting worse, and China is slower in certain end markets, including building and construction. We also expect the challenges for the Adhesives & Plasticizers segment to continue, and we expect raw material and energy cost will be higher in the fourth quarter. So as a result, we adjusted our expectations for 2013 EPS to a range of $6.30 to $6.40. And lastly, we added a page and I thought it would be helpful to give you a view of some of the building block actions we are working on to deliver earnings growth in 2014. So I'm not setting guidance for '14, but I wanted you to have this list. It's not an exhaustive list. It does not reflect our views on economic growth nor in the olefin spread, but these are items that are Eastman-specific. So the first category is where we are serving growing markets by increasing capacity for our innovative products. And first example listed is our Tritan copolyester, which we expect will grow by about 50% this year-over-year and where, for minimal capital, we are increasing capacity by 25%. It also includes our Eastman 168 non-phthalate plasticizer, which has grown by 30% this year and where, again, for minimal capital, we can increase capacity by 15% and are positioned to increase capacity by another 15% in the near future. And as I've previously mentioned, we're on track with our acetate tow joint venture in China. Second category is improving mix with premium products, primarily in the Advanced Materials segment. And examples here include our acoustic interlayers and our V-Kool performance films, both of which have made good progress in 2013 and we expect will accelerate in 2014, as well as our Tritan copolyester. Third category is technology licensing, and it's not really anything new for Eastman. In 2005, we licensed our acetyl technology to Sipchem. And then in 2007, we licensed the -- we licensed acetyl technology to Chang Chun Petrochemical. And you may have seen that earlier this week, we announced we have developed with JM Davy, a proprietary technology for the production of ethylene glycol, which we are bringing to the market for licensing. We are well positioned to generate revenue from licensing in 2014 and believe it will be repeatable in subsequent years. The last category we have listed on the slide are synergies from the Solutia transaction, including some meaningful commercial and operational synergies. And we are on track here, and Curt's going to give you an update on -- during his section. When we put all the actions we are taking together, we see them contributing somewhere between $0.50 and $0.75 per share in 2014, which keeps us on track for double-digit earnings growth in 2014. And I'll end by saying how proud I am of what Eastman employees have accomplished over the past 4 or 5 years, and I strongly believe the future is very bright for Eastman, especially with Mark and his team. They are the right leaders for the time. And I'll also just throw in kudos to our Board of Directors. One of the most important things the board has to do is make sure you have a smooth CEO succession. And I can tell you so far, and I think Mark would concur this, this feels about as good as it gets, as seamless as it can be. So very much I appreciate the way the board has handled this process. And with that, I'll turn it over to Curt.
Curtis E. Espeland: All right. Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Moving to Slide 14, I'll review some of our financial highlights for the third quarter. We generated $427 million of cash from operating activities in the quarter, primarily due to strong net earnings. Working capital decreased by $81 million, primarily due to lower receivables. We also made a $75 million contribution to the U.S. defined-benefit pension plans on top of the $24 million we made in the first half of 2013. We continue to expect the full year contribution will be approximately $120 million. Free cash flow for the quarter was $255 million, which is net of capital expenditures of $125 million and dividend payments of $47 million. Finally, our cash balance was $2,222 million (sic) [$222 million] at the end of the third quarter. Third quarter results were impacted by the $86 million benefit due to an interim remeasurement of our Eastman OPEB planned obligation. This remeasurement was triggered by a planned change in life insurance benefits during the quarter. Additionally, we also incurred $9 million in costs related to the Solutia transaction and $3 million in restructuring charges for severance associated with the continued integration of Solutia. Finally, our tax rate for the third quarter was approximately 27%. This is lower than our previous expectation of 31%, primarily attributed to an adjustment to the tax provision to reflect the finalization of the 2012 consolidated U.S. federal income tax return. We expect our tax rate for the fourth quarter to be approximate 31%, assuming no dramatic change in foreign earnings mix. Next, on Slide 15, I'll walk you through our estimate for free cash flow in 2013. Consistent with our previous guidance, we project operating cash of roughly $125 billion (sic) [$1.25 billion]. The full year operating cash estimate includes our projection for continued strength in earnings, as well as those items noted on this slide. We expect 2013 capital expenditures to be approximately $500 million, a bit lower than our previous guidance. The fourth quarter will still be our highest quarter for the year due to the normal operating trends, as well as timing for growth projects, including our Specialty Fluids expansion in Wales. So putting this altogether, we continue to expect our 2013 free cash flow expectation to be between $600 million and $650 million with the midpoint of this range representing a growth rate of greater than 30% over the 2012 total. Next, on Slide 16, I'll provide an update of the Solutia integration. As Jim noted, we continue to make great progress with our integration efforts. Earlier in the year, I highlighted the successful migration of our rubber additives business over to Eastman's SAP system. Today, I'm pleased to say our Interlayers and Specialty Fluids businesses were migrated at the beginning of October. This is another major accomplishment as these migrations are quite complicated and our SAP implementation team, led by Mike Behal, deserves a lot of credit. And we are on track to move over the remaining former business of Solutia early next year. While the Eastman team has more work to complete, our integration efforts are moving towards -- more towards business as usual as one integrated company. On cost synergies, we remain on track to deliver a greater than $100 million run rate by the end of this year. This is about 5% of the acquired revenues. Additional opportunities are being pursued as part of our ongoing productivity efforts. I expect, by the end of 2014, our run rate will be closer to 6% of acquired revenues. We are also progressing well with tax synergies. First, we were able to implement some of the -- some tax structure changes in the second half of 2012 that have impacted our effective tax rate, including the return to provision adjustment I mentioned earlier. These, combined with our other continuing actions we are taking, resulted in an expectation that our 2014 effective tax rate will be approximately 30%. Second, we now expect to utilize approximately 2/3 of the $1.3 billion of NOLs by the end of 2015. All in all, great work by our tax team. From a business synergy standpoint, our results are benefiting from improved commercial and operational efficiencies and that will continue in 2014. In addition, we remain focused on long-term product development projects that will further add value to this transaction. So our integration efforts are going extremely well. And one final example of that, a comprehensive cultural survey was recently completed by Towers Watson. The results of that survey suggest our 2 strong cultures have effectively been integrated, and our combined Eastman culture going forward is comparable to high-performing companies in their database. So as a result, this acquisition continues to be a value-adding transaction for our stockholders. To close on Slide 17. We will continue to be disciplined with our approach to capital allocation. As previously mentioned, we expect capital expenditures of $500 million, which is similar to 2012 when you factor in the $51 million Solutia spent in the first half of 2012 prior to the close of the acquisition. This reflects our commitment to pursue organic growth across our portfolio that is aligned with the overall growth in our end markets. On the debt side, paying down a significant portion of the Solutia acquisition term loan has been a major priority for cash this year. During the third quarter, we reduced our long-term debt by an additional $250 million. The $600 million in total payments we have made since closing the transaction in third quarter 2012, plus the effective use of our strong balance sheet to obtain more attractive funding in the commercial paper and other credit markets, has reduced the original $1.2 billion term loan to just $150 million. In the other 2 remaining areas on this slide, we will continue to pursue joint ventures and acquisitions and we expect to continue returning cash to our stockholders in form of both dividends and share repurchases. During the third quarter, we repurchased $35 million of Eastman common stock and paid $47 million in dividends to our stockholders. Through the first 9 months of 2013, we have returned over $200 million to our stockholders. So with that, thank you for your interest in Eastman Chemical, and I'll turn it back to Greg.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay. Thanks, Curt. We have a number of people on the line this morning, and we'd like to get to as many questions as possible. [Operator Instructions] With that, Christie, we are ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Duffy Fischer with Barclays.
Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Jim, on Plasticizers and Adhesives, when you first came out with the issues first quarter of this year, you gave us a number that was lower, but it kind of said there was more downside to that number than upside until you got a handle on it. Now that we've been dealing with that for a couple or 3 quarters, do you feel good that we've kind of gotten underneath what the pain will be and, going forward, we can actually grow from here? Or is there still more downside than upside as you look at that?
James P. Rogers: So, Duffy, let me make a comment. And then on this call, you'll probably notice that I seem to be doing the shuffle pass quite often because I understand -- my ego accepts the fact that you probably want to hear Mark and Curt talk about a lot of these issues going forward. But just on the -- on this business segment, I do think we're starting to get a handle on what it is. I mean, let's just say we know the problem is. I think you can still get surprised in terms of how competitors act, et cetera. If I can take the longer-term picture, and then maybe Mark will want to comment a little bit about what he's seeing nearer term, but longer term -- so this segment's probably going to be down in the valley and I'm guessing maybe as much as a couple of years. Does it ever get back to the kind of peak margins it had? It's hard to see that it gets back there. But again, we've been surprised before. On the other hand, I can easily see a time when it's performing noticeably better than it is today. I just wanted to take the opportunity to say, when you look about one segment under stress like this, this is, to me, where the strength of the overall portfolio come through. I mean, if you think about it, this segment is definitely underperforming. And yet, we're still going to come in for the year, up 20%-ish, and it's going to be on the strength of all the other segments we have. And we're still going to hit and maybe exceed the kind of original guidance we had for the year. So with that, I don't know, Mark, what more do you want to say, maybe about the 2 pieces of Adhesives, Plasticizers?
Mark J. Costa: Sure. Thanks, Duffy. And I certainly would support all of Jim's comments on this. It's still a good business and still provides a good, attractive return even at these margins. We're certainly not at all happy with the performance and want to find every lever we have available as to improve it. But a lot of the challenge we have right now is supply/demand imbalance, as Jim noted in his prepared comments. I'm not about to call it bottom. At this point, I don't think we have yet to have enough information. But I certainly now see signs that are both positive and negative about the situation. So on the negative side, we certainly continue to see weak demand and have not seen a recovery in demand. The good news is destocking seems to be behind us, which was an additional demand headwind that we faced through this year, and I think that's going to stabilize and not be a challenge as we move forward. So that's going to help. In regards to the supply side, as Jim noted, the supply is long, but we also see some signs of stabilization there. Raws in prices, which has been the key, low raw -- low-priced raw materials that's put the pressure in this market on adhesives has gone up meaningfully in price. And if it stays at this higher level, it will take some of the pressure of substitution of hydrocarbon resins towards rosins. That will reduce a little bit. So those things will balance things out a little bit. On the Plasticizers side, this is more of a demand-based issue where we just need demand to start recovering. If it does, especially in Asia, it will draw that Asian supply that's putting margin pressure here back into Asia. That will help. But the -- I want to emphasize that the strength of demand on the Plasticizers side is quite good. Our volume is growing quite strongly on the non-phthalates and offsetting some of that price pressure. We don't have as much of that benefit in Adhesives right now.
Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And one of the businesses that's been a rock star, Fibers. One of your competitor is out with a pretty significant price increase, again, for next year. Price, obviously, the last 3 or 4 years, has been very, very beneficial. When you look out over the next 1 to 3 years in that business, can you continue to get mid-single-digit pricing that's accretive to margins over that period, do you think?
James P. Rogers: Well, this is Jim again. Let me just say, yes, it is a great business. We have a great relationship with our customers and, obviously, one major customer where we got a joint venture that we're filling that plant out. We respect our customers a lot. We don't like to negotiate price with either customers or suppliers on earnings calls. And so we approach it more of a partnership, but I think both sides of the table realized that we both have to create value. And as we look at the negotiations with raw materials and the negotiations that we're having with our customers and what they value, by the way, the service, the reliability, the having the product there, the high quality when they need it, I would expect to -- this business earnings to continue to grow.
Operator: And our next questions comes from Andy Cash with SunTrust.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: This is Jim Sheehan in for Andy. I'm just wondering your thoughts now on long-term growth. And you talked about double-digit growth possible over the next 2 years. And is -- do you still have confidence in that, in the context of continued pressures in Adhesives & Plasticizers or pressures from raw materials?
James P. Rogers: Okay. Well, you just named the 2 headwinds, and we're all -- and we all see them. But yes, I mean, our objective is double-digit earnings growth. We've done that for 4 years. Let me tell you what gives me some of the confidence in this. And you're right, any one business segment can go through a rough patch. We know which one it is this time. We know the raws can move around. But this company has tremendous cash flow. And we've said all along, and I've been saying it back from my CFO days, the way to differentiate yourself in this industry is how you apply your cash. What do you do with it? So yes, we're going to drive organic growth as strong as we can. There'll be some years where that gets us perhaps all the way there. Some years, it's more likely where it gets you most of the way there. And then you have to be smart with what you do with your cash, whether it's acquisitions or buying back stock. But that -- we think what our shareholders want and the best way to create long-term value is the double-digit earnings growth. And that's why we threw that slide in at the end, just to show you that there's chunks of earnings we can be working on. In this case, it's a list '14 over '13. There's other things we do that are going to make '15 better than '14. So we're a fairly conservative bunch. We never make guarantees about the future. Things can always change. But I like the portfolio of businesses we have. You see the strength that we could grow earnings the way we did this year. Even with one of the business segments having weak performance and when I put on top of that that we can use our cash, I feel very good about the next several years in terms of earnings growth.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And a follow-up on non-phthalate plasticizers. When do you think the inflection point is going to be when the tailwind from substitution into non-phthalate plasticizers is greater than the headwind from some of the lower pricing you're seeing from some of the phthalate competitors?
Mark J. Costa: This is Mark. Yes, it's good question. What we seem to see is some indications that demand's going to improve in '14 over '13 from the housing and construction market, the commercial flooring market, the key things that drive our demand. So that's, I would say, encouraging about next year when it comes to phthalates. When it comes to competitive behavior, it's always a bit difficult to predict on when the aggression of some of the competitors will abate. But I'd say on the phthalate side, things feel like they can improve, to some degree, as we look forward.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Guys, you gave some Eastman-specific actions, and I guess I thought maybe we'd see something around the contract with enterprise on your propane. So can you talk a little bit on it, how much a benefit that could be, what your hedge position might be, and then also, any updates on optionality for your olefins crackers.
James P. Rogers: Let me let Curt start it off.
Curtis E. Espeland: So let me go in reverse order, I think, in your questions. First on the -- where we stand with our efforts in Texas. We've had an initial hearing with the hearings officer for the Railroad Commission to provide clarity on that -- on the process going forward, trying to resolve that dispute we talked about last quarter. And we hope to obtain such clarity fairly soon, and that will help us understand kind of what the next steps are. So we have continued interest in our 700 million pounds of excess ethylene, both on- and off-site. But continued uncertainty around this common carrier access is negatively impacting our ability to get something done. So we'll see how this plays out there. I think, Bob, you've asked about hedging as well. We continue to look at hedging as a viable way for us to reduce volatility. We've had a program in place for a number of years. Given some of the recent volatility in our input cost, we continue to look at what kind of hedging we can provide in '14. We haven't really quantified that for anyone yet. There's -- it's kind of early yet. But we continue to have a good hedging program.
James P. Rogers: And the enterprise contract is really more a 2015 event.
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on the Adhesives & Plasticizers, I think you guys guided to $175 million of operating profit. Can you give us -- are you comfortable giving us any sense of how big the non-phthalate plasticizer chunk of that might be?
James P. Rogers: Of the $175 earnings?
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, sir.
James P. Rogers: Yes, I don't think we've broken it out. Obviously, that's the part that's growing. We talked about how it's growing 30%. I think what you're seeing right now, and I think Mark did a good job explaining it, you're getting the pressure from the phthalate guys, who -- same thing we would be doing, they're being as sticky as possible as they give up share and trying to hold on to as much volume as possible. But eventually, I think that wave's going to crash over. But I don't think we want to go to breaking out the earnings by -- down that low.
Operator: And we'll go next to P.J. Juvekar with Citibank.
P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a quick question on Adhesives & Plasticizers. The pressure point seems to be in Adhesives. The Chinese have added capacity, and they're coming in a big way. I mean, longer term, do you want to keep fighting the Chinese or do you think there is other optionality?
James P. Rogers: I mean, I'm going to let Mark answer this because our plant in China is -- they're -- people are going to be fighting us when it comes to our cost position. But I hope this is kind of the last question on this segment, only because it is our smallest segment. I think we've tried to spell out for you what we see there. But, Mark, you want to talk about the Chinese and...?
Mark J. Costa: Certainly. The challenge comes not just from hydrocarbon resins, P.J., but also the rosins, which is a large percentage of the total supply for adhesives, and there's certainly more rosin supply than anyone expected this year. And that's where the vast majority of the price pressure is coming in the marketplace, it's the rosins, especially with the excess EVA from solar being available that is matched with the rosin to make an adhesive. And those prices, as I noted, improved. If they stay up where they are, that takes some of that pressure off, because it's less competitive than where it's been. On the C5 direct competition, there's certainly some competition there. And if demand growth in packaging, tapes and labels had been what everyone expected, it frankly would've been absorbed pretty readily in Asia Pacific and not created as much challenge as we face. So that amount of supply isn't the big issue if demand returns to what is more of a normal level and, over a period of time, would absorb that supply. So it's certainly an issue, but it's not one that's permanent.
P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And the automotive market seems to be improving. Even in Europe, there are some positive data points. And you've seen an incremental tire demand. Any signs of restocking?
James P. Rogers: The automotive market, I think, was the question, yes.
Mark J. Costa: About automotive demand on the Interlayer side, P.J.?
Gregory A. Riddle: He talked about tires as well.
Mark J. Costa: And tires?
Gregory A. Riddle: Yes.
Mark J. Costa: Certainly, automotive has been a good story in North America this year and Asia has been solid. Europe has obviously not been great with another decline, but I would say we see stabilization in Europe. We've seen an improvement in demand for both our interlayers products as well as our tires products. It's a modest improvement in demand and by no means a restocking event, but at least the sign that the globe's stabilizing and starting to get better. From a primary demand point of view, when it comes to tires, the Michelins, the Goodyears are better to call the restocking of the channel that is likely to happen at some point. It certainly hasn't happened yet. That would be upside for us in the future when that does happen.
Operator: And we'll go next to Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just to follow-up on the cracker situation. Can you just kind of walk us through the legal process that you're in and give us a sense of what the next steps are? Timing might be uncertain, but what you think it could or might be?
James P. Rogers: Well, I'll take a stab at it. I mean -- and I think we talked more about it in the last quarterly conference call, too. But, as you know, there was a -- the Westlake made a change or attempts to make a change in their common carrier pipeline, and basically, we disagreed that they could do what they wanted to do. And so it's in front of the railroad -- Texas Railroad Commission now. The one hearing, Curt, you mentioned -- it's not like you had a hearing and now you're waiting for an answer, you're just waiting for it -- to hear what the process is. So it may not move. In fact, it does not move as fast as we would like to move. But while you're trying to talk to other parties about what to do with the excess ethylene, they kind of like to know what their access is to that pipeline. So not so much an Eastman issue. We have contractual rights, et cetera. But as you talk about introducing a new party, it's important to them, the use of that pipeline. And so that's an issue that we have to have resolved before we can proceed further with talking to third parties who are interested in those 700 million pounds, but we need to get this resolved. And I wish I knew the timing. I'm almost betting that's going to take longer than either you or I would want it to take. But we'll see how quickly they can get this thing going.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And there's no legal avenue available to you other than the Texas Railroad Commission?
James P. Rogers: Well, I wouldn't say no other one -- no other legal avenue. I'm saying this is the right way to approach this issue. That's where we believe the jurisdiction is, and that's where we should go.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And if it's -- just as last point. If it's not resolved in your favor there, what would you do?
James P. Rogers: Then we consider what our options are.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Jim and Mark, I know in Crystex truck, bus and/or auto [ph] are bigger impact than auto. Could you comment on any pickup in that market, especially in Asia?
Mark J. Costa: Sure, Dave. The management in -- has been reasonably good in truck and tire, especially in the back half of this year, from what we can see. And so that's been encouraging. As you noted, it's a high leverage of Crystex usage in a commercial tire versus a residential tire. So that's been feeling relatively good.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And -- sorry, but -- if I ask the question about the propane issue. But can you quantify the impact of the higher propane prices on the quarter, perhaps in Q4, and how much that will be recaptured in your index-based pricing mechanisms?
James P. Rogers: Yes. I'll probably not going to get into it penny by penny. But I would say to the extent that we had to come back down on our guidance, that was probably the main driver of that and still the uncertainty on the Adhesives side. It's this catch 22. We move more towards specialties. Specialty is priced less and less off at raws, and so you don't always have that 100% ability to pass-through the higher cost. We have stepped up our hedging, I guess, I would say that, in terms of how far out we go and how much we do, but we're trying to be prudent about that as well. We're not just grabbing any price we see in the marketplace. We're managing at the best we can. It's interesting though when the -- if I could just take a second, thinking about $6.30 to $6.40, $6.40 to $6.50, they're moving around. If at the beginning of the year, I had said earnings were going to be up somewhere between 19% and 21%, everyone would have said that sounds pretty good. But when you go back later and say, "You know what, earnings is not going to be up 21%, they're going to only be up 20%, I understand the aggravation but I'm just trying to keep it all in perspective that we're moving stuff around 1.5%, at most 2% when you look at it year-over-year. And I'll just pull you back to remember that what we're talking about is driving the machine here that grows earnings double digit year after year.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And just for Curt, one last thing, Curt. Is that tax rate for '15 -- 30% stable for '15 as well?
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes. I would say the actions we're taking contribute to that 30% rate in 2014, and I'll also say we're not standing still. We're taking a harder look at what other things we can do to see if we can better that going into '15.
Operator: And we'll go next to Frank Mitsch from Wells Fargo.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And a hell of a run, Jim. It just seem like yesterday that you took over a PET company, and now, you're running a propane-to-propylene-spread company.
James P. Rogers: Frank, I'm going to miss this phone calls. I tell you.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Well, we can still arrange on a quarterly basis to have a call, and I'll ask for your opinions on what's going on now that you're laying duck, et cetera. During the conversations, I didn't hear a heck of a lot regarding -- when you're talking about the 4 bucket uses of cash, the JV acquisition bucket, can you talk a little bit about how the pipeline's looking and what your appetite is for doing something more in that area over the near and midterm?
James P. Rogers: Yes, I'll make a comment and then Curt may want to add on too. But I'm glad I work for an organization and have a board that doesn't push me to do stuff that's marginal. So if I can just say, we're going to try and be every bit as disciplined as we have been in the past about putting that cash to work on the M&A side. And it -- honestly, I think it's a little bit tougher environment to see good deals. There are things out there that we like. Quite often, the main issue is going to be is it at a price we like. We can be patient. We're not in it quarter-to-quarter. We can be patient. We don't mind sitting on cash. We know it's also a very valid use of cash to buy back stock, and so that's something else we're going to have to look at and weigh that and compare it to what opportunities we see on the M&A side. But I would -- as a shareholder of Eastman, I would fully expect that we are going to grow this company, both organically and we still will do M&A. It may be hotter or cooler, based upon the environment we see out there and where things are getting priced. And we're not afraid to use our cash to buy back stock, and we're not afraid to sit on cash when we think that's the right thing to do.
Curtis E. Espeland: Frank, if I look at our M&A team, it's busy right now. They're not on the beach, I can put it that way. They are probably as busy as they've ever been, because there is activity out there. I would go in to support what Jim said. There is probably a bid-ask spread that's still a challenge out there. Things are -- people got some pretty high expectations, given some of the multiples that are out there. So we're looking at several opportunities. I think some could fit us very well, but we'll see if we can close these bid-ask spreads in this competitive environment.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Terrific. And a question for Mark. How do you think about $8 in 2015 and your confidence in being able to achieve that?
Mark J. Costa: Frank, I've been waiting for that question all day. I'm surprised it took this long. It's a great question. We still feel confident about getting to the $8 a share. Obviously, we have to pull every lever available to us to get it. As Jim noted, we have a number of things that we can do better, in actions we control to improve earnings as we laid out on that slide in his comments. There's, of course, the economy that, to some degree, has to be there and drive demand. And then as Jim just laid out, we have multiple levers available to us with an incredibly strong cash flow available that goes beyond our organic needs, whether it be M&A or buybacks. So when you look at it, I think we're in very good position to continue and deliver that double-digit earnings growth.
James P. Rogers: And, Frank, I'm going to suggest to Mark and team, we put that $8 up there as one -- as a flag, one point in time, rally the troops. That was a while ago. The much bigger driver is just that double-digit earnings growth. So you don't think, oh, I get to 15% and I'm done. And that double-digit earnings growth, whether it's 10% or 15% or you have another 20% year like we had this year, that is really the key to creating long-term value. And I also think that if we can do it consistently, you will eventually see it, see the improvement in the multiple.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mike Sison with KeyBanc.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: In terms of Solutia, with the integration efforts largely complete, can you give us a little bit of color to what's sort of the next step, where your focus is on? I know there's a lot of volume to be had there. Maybe some comments on how to recoup some of that volume in the businesses over the next couple of years.
Mark J. Costa: Sure. In regards to the Solutia businesses, we continue to be excited and impressed by the growing list of both commercial and operational improvements, above and beyond the sort of traditional synergies you get when you combine 2 companies. So I think we're going to see some real benefits and operational improvements in interlayers and performance films, in particular next year over this year. We're seeing significant improvements in how we do contracting and pricing and go to market and the SAP integration that's gone so well this year. It allows us a lot more detail and insight about how to improve our pricing and capture value. And then the long-term innovation product portfolio looks quite robust and things that we can do that's -- even including the crossing of heritage Eastman and Solutia technology streams to create some new-to-world products. So we feel great about this. The obvious big challenge has been European demand, which has been a big part of their demand, both in revenue and higher profitability, in that part of the geographic mix. But with Europe appearing to have bottomed out and stabilized and if that starts to get a little bit better, that's going to help as well.
Curtis E. Espeland: And, Mike, if I could add on top of that, and one of the benefits of the combined enterprises is that continued strong free cash flow generation. So not only can we see the improvement that Mark talked about in the businesses, we also are just generating some significant cash that we can deploy, either through M&A or return it to shareholders. And when I think about the portfolio of businesses we have today, well, there's just more options for us to explore and put that cash to work.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then shifting gears to Additives & Functional Products. Volumes are up pretty nice in the quarter, up 10%. Earnings are up 6%. The fourth quarter looks like earnings growth will be similar. It does look like being squeezed a little bit there. Are you having issues getting pricing? When do you think you can get better leverage there, given the volume growth has been pretty good?
Mark J. Costa: Well, first off, we're incredibly excited about Additives & Functional Products and how well it's performed this year in a record quarter despite having some raw material propane-based headwinds in the third quarter. You certainly always see a seasonal drop-off in demand in this business into the fourth quarter, which is largely what the issue is here. There are a few additional headwinds, as you noted, around propane as that flows into solvents. And with propylene prices coming off in October, it creates a bit of a challenge in the short term on how we can recover some of those propane costs. I think the bigger question will be what happens in the first quarter around propylene. There's some debate out there where the propylene prices might go. And if they go up, that would be a very helpful factor.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So the leverage really isn't on the tire side issues.
Mark J. Costa: No, no. No issues in the tires. In fact, tires is probably doing slightly better than our expectations going into the year. I wouldn't say significantly better on the Crystex side. The big challenge we've had in tires is in the PPDs. That's been a headwind for the overall segment over last year, where price competition stays pretty stiff in that market with a dramatic oversupply and benzene cost being pretty high. I certainly don't expect next year to be worse than this year. So again, that will be not be a headwind in the next year like it's been this year.
Operator: And we'll go next to Nils Wallin with CLSA.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - CLSA Limited, Research Division: One of the things I was surprised that I didn't see in the Eastman-specific ways to drive earnings growth for 2014 is how you're going to invest in your innovation pipeline. So I was wondering if you'd be able to give us an update on what you see or your plan to grow Perennial Wood and surface or cut back on those to generate some better costs.
Mark J. Costa: Yes, great question. And the innovation pipeline we have that spans from things like surface and Perennial to Tritan, where we're certainly seeing -- it delivered great earnings this year. Microfibers would be the one I'd love to highlight, because I think it's got the longest term of significant potential of the ones I just mentioned. I think that portfolio is robust. As many of you know, innovation portfolios don't deliver dramatically out the gate. I mean, so it's not a huge contributor to earnings growth next year. But as you look out how we deliver double-digit earnings growth over the next 5 years, that innovation portfolio is a key driver of our results. But there's no big thing that's about to take off next year in that innovation portfolio.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just a little kind of housekeeping. Would you mind explaining the composition of volume growth in Crystex? Was it new tires versus replacement passenger tires versus heavy-duty truck?
Mark J. Costa: I'd love to have that level of insight from our customers about where our Crystex demand is coming from, but unfortunately, they don't break it down like that. We do look at the composition of their demand and try and guess that, how that translates to our direct Crystex demand. But I would say that, as David noted earlier, commercial tires is our bigger deal than passenger tires. Remember that 75% of tire demand for all of us is replacement tires versus OEM. So as the OEM market shows dramatic improvement, that's not a direct impact for overall tire demand as much as some people might think.
Operator: And we'll go next to Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Two quick ones. Just the near term, what you're seeing on sequential trends in packaging, particularly any changes or deviations from normal behavior in the consumer products chain. And secondly, as you -- I'm thinking about bridge to 2014, any first read on pension expense? And which of your segments do you feel it's a slam dunk that you can grow earnings or segment profits faster than 10%?
James P. Rogers: So I'm going to let Curt start first on the pension side.
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes. On the pension side, pension expense really will be flat, if not a slight tailwind.
James P. Rogers: And, Mark?
Mark J. Costa: And then regarding packaging demand, that's been disappointing this year for us. It's been weak. That's one of the biggest drivers of our Adhesives challenge, and it also has led to a little bit softer copolyester demand than we would have liked. I don't think we have any clear indication that there's a upswing in that demand yet, but it would be, I think, reasonable to expect that '14 will be better than '13, assuming the global economy keeps moving forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Nocella with RBC Capital Markets.
Christopher J. Nocella - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Historically, you've done a good job of exiting businesses as they begin to have some more competitive pressures. So have any of your businesses moved into this bucket recently? And on the other side of that, can you unlock value by maybe spinning off or selling some of the higher-margin businesses that maybe aren't fully appreciated, something like Fibers maybe?
James P. Rogers: Yes. You were breaking up just a little bit on that. Did you give an example on...
Gregory A. Riddle: He said -- go ahead, Chris.
Christopher J. Nocella - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes, the businesses that have more competitive pressures would be -- maybe Adhesives & Plasticizers, something on that line?
James P. Rogers: Yes. So first of all, I'd take the compliment on the portfolio management. I do feel like the company has done a good job, and I like the portfolio so much better now than what we had 5, 6 years ago. And as you know, a lot of these changes happened before I took the helm. So they were -- we've been at this for a while. And I would expect we'll continue being at it. But the one thing I want people to remember is a lot of the Eastman strength comes from integration. So it's not as -- so we don't have all these just separate little boxes sitting out there where you just take it and you put a bow around it and you send it out to the public. And you can do that. Some of the companies is doing that more recently. Maybe they're getting around to doing what we did a few years ago. But I don't think just seeing a valley for a business like I talked about with Adhesives & Plasticizers is a rationale for oh, well, the first time they have a couple of down years or whatever, they're out of here. That's not the way we think. We really look at the value creation and the long-term path, how well it fits with Eastman, what the integration is. As you know, we make some of the raw materials for those businesses. Having said that, we're going to do what's in the best interest of the shareholders, whether it's looking at underperforming businesses or -- I hadn't thought as much about the flip side where you have a high-performing business and what do you do with that. I can tell you, typically, taxes get in the way, which leads companies to spend, which then leads you to say it's something big enough to be standalone. But the overriding driver I've seen when thinking about Eastman is the level of integration we have and how well things click, both all the way from the technology side to our supply chain side and, in particular, through our manufacturing integration.
Christopher J. Nocella - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: It makes sense. And just the $0.50 to $0.75 a share for next year, how much of that is from the capacity expansion's bucket versus the other 3? And do you expect CapEx to be higher or lower next year?
James P. Rogers: Yes. Curt may want to comment on the CapEx. I -- what we did is we put together a list of projects. And we wondered if people are going to say, "Now put a number next to each one." And we don't want to do that. I can tell you, though, I feel pretty good about the -- those big building blocks and then that's not all there is. I mean, we didn't talk about it, about licensing, but I think our licensing stream has improved greatly with this new EG technology. I think you're going to see a more consistent year-in/year-out income coming from licensing. So it's hard to oversell that, because we haven't sold the first license yet. So -- but we wanted people to be aware that we think we're onto something really good here with that license. But we're probably not going to break out the pennies next to each product. Curt, on CapEx for next year?
Curtis E. Espeland: CapEx, it's a little early. But here's how I normally think about CapEx. CapEx, in normal times, would be $500 million, plus or minus 10%. I think next year, it's probably going to be more on the higher side of that because we have some growth investments we want to make that we'll be talking through. And in addition, there'll be some infrastructure spending next year, because of that natural gas conversion we talked about early in the year. So I'd say capital expenditures are going to be higher next year. We'll probably quantify that for you in January. But even having said that, I'd still expect very good, strong free cash flow generation next year.
Operator: The last question comes from Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Would you comment on current global operating rates and oxo alcohols, 2-EH and some of the butanols. Just trying to get a sense -- there's always been a lag on pass-through there. Just trying to get a sense for whether it's becoming any more difficult for you to pass along propylene costs irrespective of lag effects.
Mark J. Costa: Sure. Kevin, in regards to the run rates and propylene cost structures, all of our assets are running relatively well. What we like about our big engine is they good great job of running the intermediates flat out and keeping us well positioned in cost structure. And fortunately, we have a good amount of capacity at some of the specialties to continue growing and selling. I don't think that we've got a utilization headwind or tailwind that's significant in our future around the assets, except for Adhesive & Plasticizers, where demand is off. In Asia, there's no question that the competitive situation is pretty significant, as always, in things like solvents and some of the commodity products out of SFI. And we've seen some headwinds on a price basis in the third quarter and expect some of that in the fourth quarter. Did I answer your question?
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, that helps, and maybe I'll follow-up off-line as well. On the -- just to shift gears a bit. On your ethylene glycol, can you speak to the value add of the technology that you've developed? And it sounds like you're getting fairly close on something if you expect some revenue in 2014. Order of magnitude, would it be similar to your acetyl's licensing that you've had in the past? What's the opportunity there?
James P. Rogers: Let me -- Mark may want to add something, too. But when -- the confidence for '14, now -- I feel like we've got 2 horses now. We have the acetyl licensing we can do, and we now have EG licensing we can do. And we assume that demand in China is going to be fairly strong for that EG licensing. We're in this with a partnership with Davy. There's an understanding that we're not going to start talking about the economics around it. I might have gone too far when I just said that I think it's going to be pretty good and it's going to be fairly consistent. But I'm not sure I can add a whole lot more than other than -- I'm going to want the Street to think of us as having a stream of income from licensing, because we're going to be working very hard at making that more consistent, more real.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And if I may squeeze in one final short one for Curt. Just coming back to pension. A number of companies across the space have talked about potential improvement in funded status. Do you have an early read on that, and what could it mean for your cash injections in 2014 versus the $120 million you indicated for this year?
Curtis E. Espeland: Well, as you're seeing, the improved discount rate is resulted in some reduction in liability, and that's going to improve funding status across our plans, both our pension plan and our benefit plans -- or I'm sorry, our OPEB plans. And so I think we quantified in our 10-K a 25 bp change in discount rate is roughly $100 million reduction of our pension liability. So that's going to have a favorable trend, and you already saw that with that remeasurement that was triggered into -- in the third quarter. That's a reflection of that discount rate. On pension funding, what I've talked about is that -- what we're really focused on is what's required under the Pension Protection Act. And so right now, I would still assume that we're going to spend -- contribute about the same amount we did this year over the next couple of years.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay. Thanks, again, for joining us this morning. A web replay and a replay and downloadable MP3 format will be available on our website beginning approximately 11 a.m. Have a great day.
Operator: That concludes our conference today. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-30 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory A. Riddle - Director of Investor Relations James P. Rogers - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Ronald C. Lindsay - Executive Vice President Mark J. Costa - President, Chief Marketing Officer and Director
Analysts: Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Eric Petrie James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Robert Walker - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Nils-Bertil Wallin - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ian Bennett - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman's website, www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay. Thank you, Jenny, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Jim Rogers, Chairman and CEO; Curt Espeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Mark Costa, President; Ron Lindsay, Senior Vice President; and Josh Morgan, Manager, Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover 4 items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's second quarter 2013 financial results news release and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for first quarter 2013 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for second quarter 2013. Second, earnings per share and operating earnings referenced in this presentation excludes certain noncore or nonrecurring costs, charges and gains. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded items, are available in our second quarter 2013 financial results news release, which can be found at eastman.com in the Investor section. Projections of future earnings in the presentation also exclude such items as described in the second quarter financial results news release. Third, this presentation includes revenues and operating earnings on a pro forma-combined basis assuming the acquisition of Solutia have been completed prior to second quarter 2012 that compare post-acquisition results to pre-acquisition pro forma-combined results. More information on pro forma-combined results is in our second quarter 2013 financial results news release. And lastly, we have posted slides to accompany our remarks for this morning's call on our website in the Presentation and Events section. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James P. Rogers: Thanks, Greg, and thanks, everyone for joining us on a bright, sunny morning here in East Tennessee. I'll begin on Slide 3. As I always do on these calls, I'll take just a moment to provide an update on our most recent public statements. First of all, progress on the Solutia integration continues to exceed our expectations. We have been one company for just over a year now, and I can say we are ahead of where we thought we would be last July. As is his normal practice, Curt will provide you with an update and some more color on his section. But as I have now stated for several quarters, I'm quite pleased with how the integration is going and how well these businesses and cultures have come together to create value. Next, in February, we raised our full year 2013 EPS expectation to a range of $6.30 to $6.40, a 17% to 19% growth rate over 2012. Today, we're increasing that guidance again to $6.40 to $6.50 as we see additional strength in both our Fibers and Specialty Fluids & Intermediates segments, partially offset by continued challenges in Adhesives & Plasticizers. We also said we expected to generate between $600 million and $650 million of free cash flow in 2013, and we're on track to achieve this. Finally, as always, management committed to remain disciplined in our capital allocation. And we continue to believe that prudent resource allocation focused on financial return metrics is what delivers the best long-term performance in this industry. Now on Slide 4, I'll review the Eastman corporate results. Operating earnings increased second quarter 2013 versus second quarter 2012, primarily due to higher sales volume in 4 of our 5 segments and higher capacity utilization, which lead to lower unit cost. In particular, the Advanced Materials segment had strong volume growth in our Tritan copolyester product line, particularly for durable goods, and the Specialty Fluids & Intermediates segment also had a strong quarter with higher volume in both fluids and olefin and the Intermediates contributing nicely to earnings growth. The operating margin for the quarter was 18.6%, a 160 basis point improvement year-over-year and a greater than 100 basis point improvement over the first quarter. Second quarter EPS was $1.80, Eastman's best EPS on record. With this level of earnings, we are well positioned to achieve our fourth consecutive year of double-digit earnings growth. So while the global economic environment remains mixed and somewhat unpredictable, our second quarter earnings results were a continuation of the strong start we saw in the first quarter. On Slide 5, I'll highlight our results by geographic region. Our largest region, North America, was down less than 1%, so basically flat, with it primarily being the case of lower selling prices resulting from lower raw material costs. We had a really nice quarter in Asia Pacific, up 11% year-over-year and driven primarily by strength in both our Fibers and Specialty Fluids & Intermediates segment, as well as significant growth in our Tritan copolyester. You'll recall our first quarter year-over-year growth was also 11%, so we've had a very good start to the year in Asia Pacific. A big factor of play here is in China, where our portfolio is benefiting from an emerging middle class and a focused shift to a consumer economy, and our portfolio is less exposed to the declining infrastructure spending in the region. I'll also point out that we have done a particularly good job on execution in this region, in particular with some of our oxo alcohols this quarter, as our team was pretty nimble and was able to move some material when it made economic sense. Revenue in Europe was flat for the quarter. And frankly, given the state of their economy, this is really solid performance. And Latin America revenue was up $6 million or about 5%. So our geographic diversity continues to be a source of strength for our portfolio, and our second quarter results reflect that. Moving next to the segments on Slide 6, where I'll begin with Additives & Functional Products. Sales revenue increased primarily due to higher sales volume. This was particularly true for solvents as we continue to benefit from the strengthening U.S. building and construction market. For tire additives, Crystex insoluble sulfur volume was higher year-over-year, while antidegradant volume was lower in what remains a very challenged oversupplied market. Operating earnings decreased slightly, largely due to lower earnings in antidegradant product lines, while the operating margin remained above 24%, within the range we provided for this business at our Investor Day in December. Looking at the full year, we're expecting second half earnings to be slightly higher than first half as tire additives are expected to benefit from somewhat higher sales volume, improved capacity utilization and lower raw material and energy costs in the second half of the year. And our solvents product lines are expected to benefit from higher sales volume, in part due to an expansion of ethylene oxide derivative capacity at our site in Longview, Texas. As a result, we continue to expect full year 2013 operating earnings of approximately $410 million, which would be a solid improvement over 2012 in an economic environment that remains challenging. Moving next to Slide 7 in Adhesives & Plasticizers. Second quarter results for this business reflect ongoing challenges, primarily for the adhesives resins product lines, where we continue to face multiple headwinds. First, focusing on adhesive resins, we continue to see demand weakness in consumables, in particular for packaging tape and labels. Coupled with a weak demand, the market is also experiencing increased supply, contributed primarily to increased raw material availability, resins in particular. And these factors, combined, have led to lower selling prices. In addition, customer destocking has also been a factor in the first half of the year, but we are cautiously optimistic that this is largely behind us. For Plasticizers, we continue to face competitive pricing from producers, who, in response to slower growth in Asia and European markets, have increased exports to other regions. We also continue to see manufacturers of phthalate-based plasticizers trying to defend market share. Looking at the full year, we expect operating earnings to be approximately $200 million. And there is downside risk to this number, reflecting the limited visibility we currently have in our adhesives resins business. With that said, as I stated on first quarter call, we remain confident in the 2 key long-term growth drivers for this business: first, solid growth from increased use of hygiene products, such as diapers in fast-expanding markets, particularly Asia; and second, substitution of phthalate plasticizers with non-phthalate plasticizers in Europe and the U.S. Advanced Materials is on Slide 8, and they had a strong quarter. Year-over-year sales revenue increased with contributions from all 3 underlying businesses. Tritan had another fantastic quarter with volume up over 70%, that's 7-0 percent, primarily in the durable goods market. If you recall, last quarter, we were up around 40% year-over-year. So we're really seeing strong adoption by the market as we get wins across several applications and geographies. And as a result, we are expanding our Tritan capacity by approximately 25%, which we expect will be online around the middle of next year, and we continue to evaluate options for more significant expansions in the future. Interlayers' volume increased, reflecting strong demand in the Asian and North American transportation markets, and performance films volume was also higher as that business really had a nice quarter. Operating earnings increased primarily due to higher sales volume and higher capacity utilization, which led to lower unit cost, as well as improved product mix. We continue to sell more premium products in this segment, Tritan copolyester, V-Kool brand window films and the interlayers with acoustic properties. And this mix improvement, along with improved volume and higher utilization, is expected to continue to drive our earnings growth, consistent with what we told you at Investor Day back in December. The operating margin for the quarter improved to just under 13%, a nearly 250 basis point increase year-over-year. For the full year, we're expecting the distribution of earnings to be similar to the past few years with first half earnings just under 60% and second half earnings just over 40%. We're expecting a decline in second half earnings due to copolyesters and interlayers manufacturing shutdowns in the third quarter and seasonally slower demand. As a result, we expect 2013 operating earnings to be approximately $250 million. Given the continuing weak auto market in Europe, as well as lower demand in areas like packaging and displays, this would be very strong performance, we think. Next is Fibers on Slide 9, another great quarter for this great business. Revenue increased with both volume and price up. Earnings were a record at $116 million, due primarily to higher selling prices. For full year 2013, we're raising our earnings expectations to approximately $450 million, which means we expect earnings to be slightly higher in the first half of the year compared to the second half as we anticipate higher raw material and energy cost, namely wood pulp in the second half based on how these costs flow through our system. Lastly, I'll give you a quick update on our joint venture with China National Tobacco Corporation to expand acetate tow capacity in China. We're on track for the facility to come online during the third quarter. We expect qualification of material will take place through the end of the year, and therefore, we expect to begin to recognize earnings from our equity investment in the joint venture in early 2014. We also expect to begin recognizing revenue and earnings from acetate flake sales to the joint venture during the second half of this year. I'll finish off the segments on Slide 10 with Specialty Fluids & Intermediates. Sales revenue increased year-over-year as we had higher volume in both olefin-based Intermediates products and Specialty Fluids. For olefins, we benefited from having a full quarter of output from the furnace we added to our type 4 cracker, which came online at the end of the first quarter, and offset from identifying opportunities to move some of our butanol from Texas into the Asian market. For Specialty Fluids, the higher volume was primarily due to the timing of customer sales. Operating earnings increased significantly year-over-year, primarily due to higher volume, with lower raw material and energy costs largely offset by corresponding lower selling prices. Sequentially, operating earnings increased by $23 million or almost 25%. We saw improvement throughout the segment, largely due to increased volume, which was up 7%. Also, the operating margin for the quarter was over 17%, an increase of about 250 basis points over the prior year quarter and about 170 basis points higher sequentially. For the full year, we are raising our operating earnings expectations to approximately $410 million, reflecting strong earnings expectations throughout the segment. I'll end on Slide 11 with an update on our 2013 outlook. We're at the halfway point for the year and have had very solid results from our portfolio specialty businesses. We continue to benefit from our leadership position in attractive end markets, from the diversity of the end markets we serve and from our broad geographic footprint. Given our strong first half of the year, we're raising our full year expectations for 2013 EPS to a range of $6.40 to $6.50, and this is despite slow global economic growth and weakness in certain markets, like European autos and adhesive resins. We're expecting earnings in the second half to be slightly lower than the first half due to seasonally lower volume. And I would add that, in the third quarter, we also have several shutdowns that I previously mentioned. But in the fourth quarter, we expect higher year-over-year capacity utilization, which we expect will result in lower unit cost compared to what we had in the fourth quarter '12. We remain on track to achieve our 4 -- fourth consecutive year of double-digit earnings growth, and I remain confident we are well positioned to continue to deliver double-digit earnings growth for the next 2 years and beyond. And with that, I'll turn it over to Curt.
Curtis E. Espeland: Okay. Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Moving ahead to Slide 13, I'll review some of our financial highlights for the second quarter. We generated $362 million of cash from operating activities in the quarter, primarily due to strong net earnings. Working capital increased by $46 million, primarily due to increased receivables. We also made a $13 million contribution to the U.S. defined benefit pension plans and continue to expect the full year contribution will be approximately $120 million. Free cash flow for the quarter was $216 million with CapEx at $100 million. Finally, our cash balance, which includes cash equivalents, was $234 million at the end of second quarter. During the quarter, we also incurred $18 million in net asset impairment and restructuring charges, primarily for closure of a photovoltaics production facility in Germany. The site produced ethylene vinyl acetate for use in photovoltaics, an end market that has been very weak for some time now. Our tax rate for the second quarter was 30.9%. This is a bit below our previous guidance of a rate slightly less than 31.5% with the difference primarily attributed to investment tax credits from the state of Tennessee related to our recently announced future capital expenditures at our Kingsport site. We expect our tax rate for the remainder of the year to be approximately 31%, assuming no dramatic change in foreign earnings mix. On Slide 14, I'll walk you through our estimates for free cash flow in 2013. Consistent with our previous guidance, we project operating cash flows of roughly $1.3 billion. The full year operating cash estimates include our projection for continued strength in earnings, as well as the following items: first, slightly higher working capital as a result of increased revenue and a broader geographic footprint, with the majority of the working capital build in the first half of the year to work down in the third and fourth quarters; second, funding of balance sheet accruals, such as the EVA environmental funding of approximately $30 million, primarily for legacy Solutia sites, and restructuring accruals for site closures in Brazil and Germany; third, any Solutia restructuring and integration costs that are excluded from our earnings projections; and lastly, as previously noted, an anticipated $120 million contribution to our U.S. defined benefit plans. Also, consistent with our prior guidance, we expect 2013 capital expenditures to total approximately $525 million. This capital spending will be more in the second half of the year due to normal operational trends, as well as timing for our growth projects, such as our Specialty Fluids expansion in Wales. So putting this all together, we reaffirm our 2013 free cash flow expectations to be between $600 million and $650 million with the midpoint of this range representing a growth rate of greater than 30% over the 2012 total. Next, on Slide 15, I'll provide an update on the Solutia integration. We remain well on track to achieve the synergies we expected when we acquired this business last year. As the slide indicates, for the cost synergies, we expect to achieve greater than $100 million run rate by the end of this year. On the tax synergies, we're on track to utilize, at a minimum, approximately 50% of the NOLs by the end of 2015, and I've also put in place structures to help lower our effective tax rate. For the revenue synergies, while these remain difficult to quantify, at this point, we are excited by the commercial improvements and new product development projects that will be added further toward this transaction. As we noted last quarter, we reached a major milestone in April with the successful integration of the rubber additives product lines, part of our key Additives & Functional Products segments, over to our SAP system. And we remain on track to complete SAP migration of the remaining former-Solutia businesses in late 2013 to early 2014 timeframe. The Solutia acquisition remains a very add -- value-adding transactions for our shareholders. The Solutia transaction and some of divestitures we have completed over the years, Eastman has demonstrated a commitment to evaluate our portfolio of businesses and assets to ensure we are obtaining the best value for our shareholders. As another example, we have been evaluating options with our excess ethylene position as summarized here on Slide 16. As a reminder, we have 4 crackers at our site in Longview, Texas. We have one larger cracker with 800 million pounds of annual ethylene capacity, and we have 3 smaller crackers, each with approximately 300 million pounds of annual ethylene capacity. One of these 3 million -- one of these 3 smaller crackers has been idle since 2007. We use all of the roughly 600 million pounds of propylene we produce and buy about 300 million pounds annually. We use about 50% of the ethylene we produce with the remaining 700 million pounds of excess ethylene sold into merchant market. There is a common carrier ethylene pipeline between Longview and Mont Belvieu that is not owned by Eastman. Our focus has been to look at options to monetize or otherwise improve the economics of the approximately 700 million pounds of excess ethylene position while retaining our reliable and cost-advantaged integrated position for our specialty and proprietary products. As part of the effort, we recognize the safe and reliable operation of our crackers is essential to ensure reliable supply of our materials for specialty and proprietary product production. And we believe that ownership of our larger cracker is essential for our integrated site integrity. We also intend to retain the cost advantage of our fully integrated position to propylene, since losing this advantage would be trading volatility in propane for even greater volatility in propylene. Therefore, options at our consideration rated -- range from a capacity reservation fee to divestiture of the 2 smaller and one idle crackers. In addition, ethylene could be used as raw material for a new on-site derivatives facility that another party could build or could move offsite over the common carrier ethylene pipeline. To size this for you, over the last couple of years, earnings from this approximately 700 million pounds of excess ethylene sales have been between 3% and 5% of overall Eastman earnings. In terms of status, we're making good progress. The data room has been set up for some time now, and there have been a number of management presentations, as well as a number of visits to the Longview site, and there have been multiple parties that have expressed interest. In addition, there are various complexities to work through, such as feedstock mix to ensure adequate supply of propylene for our needs or how to price such propylene if we were to sell any of these 3 smaller crackers. Furthermore, we have assumed third parties would continue to have reasonable access to the common carrier ethylene pipeline. However, earlier this month, Westlake, the common carrier pipeline owner at the site, modified the tariff on the pipeline and effectively eliminated the ability of a third party to move ethylene offsite, which had not been the case up to this point. Eastman, yesterday, filed a legal challenge with the Texas Railroad Commission, which is the governmental entity that regulates pipelines in Texas, and we are confident in our position as stated with the authorities. Resolving this issue has caused some delay in our efforts thus far. This extra time has enabled additional parties to visit the site, peer management presentations and join the process. However, if resolution to this matter is prolonged, it will continue to delay our efforts. One other comment. As mentioned in the last call, we feel investors are spending probably a little too much time on this issue. We are a large company with a great portfolio of businesses, and it doesn't necessarily make sense to me to decide whether or not to buy Eastman stock based on what we do with our excess position-- ethylene position alone. We will continue to be disciplined regarding decisions with these assets as we've demonstrated with our portfolio the last several years, and we'll update you further on our efforts as appropriate. And to close on Slide 17, we will also continue to be disciplined with our approach to capital allocation. As previously mentioned, we expect capital expenditures of $525 million, which is similar to 2012 when you factor in the $51 million Solutia spent in the first half of 2012 prior to the close of the acquisition. This reflects our commitment to pursue organic growth across our portfolio. On the debt side, paying down a significant portion of the Solutia acquisition term loan will continue to be a priority for cash throughout 2013. During the quarter, we reduced the term loan balance by $350 million and, on a net basis, reduced our long-term borrowings by $100 million, effectively using our strong balance sheet to obtain more attractive funding in the commercial paper market and other sources of funding. Moving next to joint ventures and acquisitions. As previously noted in the Fibers section, the acetate tow JV is on schedule to be online this quarter. Our Regalite hydrogenated hydrocarbon resin JV with Sinopec is supported by continued growth in the hygiene market. When this project is completed, it will be the largest hydrogenated hydrocarbon resin asset with a first quartile cost position located in a strategic part of the world. Working with both customers and our partner, we have the flexibility to adjust the timing of this project if it makes sense to do so, and we're currently assessing our options. Additionally, we'll continue to evaluate opportunities for strategic bolt-ons. Lastly, we expect to continue returning cash to shareholders in the form of both dividends and share repurchases. During the second quarter, we repurchased 46 million of Eastman common stock and paid $46 million in dividends. So with that, I'll turn it back over to Greg, and I thank you for your interest in Eastman Chemical Company.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay. Thanks, Curt. We have a number of people on the line this morning, and we'd like to get to as many questions as possible. [Operator Instructions] So with that, Jenny, we're ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will hear first from Kevin McCarthy of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess, first off, 2 questions on Fibers. Your volume grew 8% in the quarter after -- I believe it was plus 3% in the first quarter. I don't normally think of volume growth quite that strong in cigarette filter tows. So perhaps you could comment on what is driving that strength and whether or not you've gained any share? And then the second piece of it would be the expected impact from your acetate tow JV in the back half of the year as that flows through earnings.
James P. Rogers: And, Kevin, we -- this is Jim. We, upfront, mentioned too it on the call. I probably should have said I thought it was very appropriate, given the, frankly, fantastic results of this quarter that the guys who are directly responsible for had a shot at being on the call and getting some of the credits. So that's why Mark and Ron are on this call. And with that, I'll let Ron justify this question.
Ronald C. Lindsay: Kevin, as far as second quarter, what we saw -- you've heard us talk about this business having a pattern through the year in terms of deliveries and how we supply certain customers. So we get some of that noise one quarter to the next, and you see some of that in our tow for second quarter. The -- now we also had, in the second quarter, excuse me, a pop up in some acetate yarn demand as well that helped us with some of that volume gain sequentially. We've been fairly poor demand environment there, and we saw some rebound there, as well as some customers deciding to restock a bit in the face of some of that rebound. So that contributed as well in Q2.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And I guess as a follow-up, at the risk of increasing focus on an issue that you think people are already too focused on, Jim, wondering if you could just elaborate on the pipeline tariff issue, what exactly changed there with Westlake and what is your case as to why it's inappropriate and what does it mean for the timing of any action that you may be able to take on strategic alternatives for the smaller crackers.
James P. Rogers: And I'll get Curt to talk about that as part of the process. But let me -- well, I missed the second half of the question.
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes, I didn't get your question about the effect of the JV. First off, let me just comment that the JV is -- as we -- consistent with what was said earlier but just a little bit more granularity, we do have the plant complete from a construction standpoint and have chemicals in it, so we're on track there. As we go through this, we tell folks all along that we see the second half of this year as a period of startup, getting the plant, getting it lined out then qualifications. So we're going to see most of the impact really starting to hit us in 2014. We will be selling flake to the JV in the second half, and you see that baked into our numbers. One of the things you won't see quite as obvious in the second half -- first half is we had some opportunities to sell some acetate flake in the first half unrelated to the JV, and that'll balance out the "first half, second half" comparison a bit. So it won't be quite as obvious when we see the additional JV, the flake sales to the JV in second half. But I think, you're going to mostly see this being an impact in 2014 and following.
James P. Rogers: And, Ron, I think you told me mix shows up and volumes as well. And they're looking at this volume...
Ronald C. Lindsay: That's right. There's some mix effect there, part of that yarn effect, part of the flake effect and some tow.
James P. Rogers: Curt?
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes. Kevin, in regard into your earlier question, if you compare the recent tariff versus what was in place previously, Westlake has, in essence, eliminated bilateral movement with the pipeline, as well as third party's ability to do exchanges of ethylene. Through these actions, Westlake has restricted use of its pipeline by any other third party beside Eastman. In regards to timing, we just filed our objection with the governing body in Texas, and we're still working through the timing. The good news is we still have various parties interested in our excess ethylene position as we work through this. But to the extent the -- to the extent that this resolution of this matter is prolonged again, it will affect our efforts to get something done.
James P. Rogers: And, Kevin, if you're on the Westlake call, you might want to ask them what they were doing, what they were trying to do when they changed the tariff.
Operator: And we'll move to our next question from Robert Koort of Goldman Sachs.
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could comment a little bit about the geographic spread of your volumes rightly attributed there -- or characterize that as a favorable trait of the company. I was a little surprised the U.S. were -- it would seem industrial productions been reasonably okay relative to the world. You didn't have a little bit more robust results there. So maybe talk about the 1 or 2 things that held you back in the U.S.
James P. Rogers: It's funny in this quarter with how we performed to have anything about something holding us back. We didn't feel too held back in general. It felt like a pretty good quarter. And I'm sitting here thinking I kind of like having about 3/4 of my revenue in North America and Asia, at least for the present and the foreseeable future. Would you want to add a little color, Greg, and...
Gregory A. Riddle: Yes. On North America, as Jim mentioned in his comments, part of it is just you had lower raws, that you had propylene that was down about 3%, propane that was down closer to 8% or 9%. I'd also mention that Adhesives & Plasticizers, where they've seen some challenging on May -- on a revenue side, about 60% of the revenue is in North America. And so some of which you're seeing is that challenge as well. But the remainder of the business was pretty strong in North America this quarter.
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And could you provide -- I don't know if you guys rolled this up or have at your fingertips, but what year-over-year look like in various industries? And I'm mostly interested in auto tire and construction industries.
James P. Rogers: Go ahead, Mark.
Mark J. Costa: Sure. I'm happy to cover that. I'd -- what I'd say is that from an end market point of view, tires has been relatively stable this year relative to last year. We've seen some slight improvements in demand, on tire demand on Asia, but by no means are we seeing any signs of the anticipated restocking events of the tire industry. It's still somewhere out in the future, and there's no clear indication of when that may occur. In regards to building and construction, it certainly have been also solid. I wouldn't say that this seasonal demand pattern has been as strong as some past ones. And so as we see this pickup in residential construction in North America, there's a bit of a lag effect for our markets, like painting a house takes a while before you get around to that step of the process. So I would call it solid but not incredibly strong from the B&C point of view this -- so far. But for those key markets, again, consumables is holding together fairly well. I would just describe it as solid.
Robert A. Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And if I may, just slip the last one then on the ethylene stuff as well. Obviously, this pipeline can be a challenge. Is that a 2-way pipeline and then if there's any contract terms with Westlake that could also bust up a deal?
Curtis E. Espeland: Well, as it relates to a contract with Westlake, as you would imagine, when we sold our polyethylene businesses, there are various contracts with -- between the 2 respective parties that are not necessarily out there in the public domain. And the pipeline has the ability to move both directions, yes.
Operator: And we'll go to our next question from David Begleiter of Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Jim, just on Adhesives & Plasticizers, you lowered guidance again this quarter. What's the change versus what you had back in late April in terms of the guidance?
James P. Rogers: I'll let Ron take that.
Ronald C. Lindsay: Yes. David, I think the view we have is similar in terms of the supply demand kind of picture for Adhesives & Plasticizers. And what we're just continue to see is sluggishness in the end markets and as well as some supply that has come on, particularly in the resins area, and that's just all resulted in a fairly competitive environment out there for pricing. And so I would say the difference in the last forecast and this one is we just -- we got another quarter under our belt. We've seen a bit more how the market is shaking out, and we're just reflecting that as we look out the rest of the year, not a tremendous change in the view of environment from first quarter. I would say that we still have sluggish markets or sluggishness in end markets. On the plasticizers side, we continue to see in the midst of all of that, continue to have nice progress on switching. If you don't mind, just taking an opportunity to highlight that. We talked about that some, but just to give you a sense of it, we made the acquisition of the Texas City site sometime back converted a line over -- 1 to 2 over to make non-phthalate plasticizers. We're filling that out exactly on plan. It's, versus what we thought it could do originally, we're at about 90% capacity utilization. We actually have a lower percent utilization because we've been able to push the capacity a little bit more and have got a second one to go. So in the midst of all this, we still see that good story going on. But it's still -- we do see a lot of competitive actions around pricing, given the softness in the end demand.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And, Jim, you mentioned also a shutdown cost in Q3. Could you detail those costs and by segment as well?
James P. Rogers: Well, we -- I mentioned the 2 segments. I don't know, Curt, you want to -- well, it's less than $10 million...
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's right, Curt, little less than $10 million.
Operator: And we'll go to our next question, which comes from Frank Mitsch of Wells Fargo.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Jim, I'm not sure what I'm more impressed with, your record earnings or the -- your ability to plant questions on other conference calls.
James P. Rogers: I can't well -- I don't know if I could be, but I'm not on that conference call. I would be curious, just ask them what were they trying to do in that process.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: It'll be very interesting to see it play out. On the EVA shutdown in Germany, how much more do you have left in the photovoltaics business?
Curtis E. Espeland: Frankly, we have left is just going to be some assets we have in China. However, those assets are multipurpose. We can do other things with those assets, and that's what we're going to be looking at, is just how do we pick that asset base and maybe support our other Interlayer business and other Advanced Materials segment -- materials.
James P. Rogers: I don't expect to talk about photovoltaics again on the call.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: All right, that's fine. And, Curt, you talked about priority for the balance of the year, paying down debt. And following that, obviously, with a very good cash flow, how should we think about the positioning in terms of M&A or doing more than just offsetting dilution in -- for your share repurchase? Can you talk a little bit more about the priorities, the use of cash going -- after you finish making the paydown of the debt?
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes. Thanks, Frank. As you know, we got some pretty good cash flow and feel good about that debt paydown as we get towards the end of this year. And I think you also know our approach pretty well now on capital allocation. We're trying to look at across all of the 4 buckets of opportunities, trying to find the best opportunities we can. We are focused on deploying capital for growth and actively looking at M&A opportunities. I'd also say that our standards for M&A are probably as high as they've ever been in our past, and thus, we're going to be -- continue to be prudent. But we are actively looking for ways to deploy capital for M&A and growth. At the same time, we'll continue to be returning cash to shareholders. Again, you can expect an increase in dividend as we work that through our board, and share repurchases continue to be a good use of cash. And as we get into next year, we can do more than offset dilution, and that will be a viable use of cash as we look across our different options set.
James P. Rogers: And if I could, Curt, let me just add on -- so if you back up to what our priorities are, our #1 priority, growth of the company, and in particular double-digit earnings growth throughout the foreseeable future. In cash, the -- we're blessed with this strong cash flow, and it's one of the ways -- or one of the things that gives us comfort putting these targets out there. Obviously, I need a lot help from different parts of the world and we've given you all our expectations of what the economy will do, et cetera, and markets will do. But having a strong cash flow is a nice cushion to have, and that is -- as we go to decide how to use that cash, we think about accretive acquisitions, our share count, et cetera.
Operator: And we'll move to our next question from P.J. Juvekar of Citi.
Eric Petrie: This is Eric Petrie standing in for P.J. Just on the propylene, the propane spreads, quite higher propane exports. Prices really haven't moved much due to high inventory levels. But as we work through this inventory, where do you see propane prices going and the resulting propylene to propane spread?
James P. Rogers: Yes. So I guess you could -- maybe giving a sense of your timeframe, but as we -- let me just take a shot at it. First off, just for the remainder of the year, we're forecasting spreads to be slightly down from where they are. As we're going out, as you point out, there are opportunities coming on or capacity coming on to export more propane. And as we look out that there's a variety of views as to how quickly that's going to make a difference, given not just the inventories, but production. And so we think, on balance, there's some upward pressure on propane over the next several years that we could face, given that, but it's going to be hard to call exactly. We do things along the way to help deal with volatility. And propane is -- I think everybody knows, we do hedge and we've done some of that this year. This help smooth things out. We do still feel like, all in, that being backwards integrated to propane for our derivatives is a good place to be.
Eric Petrie: Great. And then just on Crystex and Santoflex, tire volumes seem to be stabilizing. Where do you see volumes going, particularly in the commercial truck market? As well as can you comment on your recent price initiatives in antidegradants from last quarter?
Mark J. Costa: Sure. This is Mark. In regards to Crystex first, we feel good about that business. It's actually holding together quite well. Demand has been solid and slightly improving on a year-over-year basis, and so that business is continuing to contribute and improve earnings. So it just -- it's been a solid part of the business. When it comes to antidegradants, the PPDs that we have, as we've said before, that's a very challenging business. That's where the year-over-year earnings challenge has really come from for the entire Additives & Functional Products segment. It has been from this relatively small business. But we really faced a pretty severe compression last year as benzene prices went up dramatically in the second half of last year, and at the same time, price competition developed due to the excess supply from the Asians. We've had some progress in improving price this year. As we mentioned, we've been rolling out some initiatives to do that. I'd say the improvements so far have been modest. And certainly, benzene prices are coming off or going to help in the back half of this year to the extent that they stay where they are. But I'd say it's a tough road there, and it's an industry that's most likely headed to some further consolidation, from our view. We feel very confident in our position in this industry. We got the low cost position in the western hemisphere and feel like there -- long term, this is a business that will improve from where it is today.
Operator: And we will move to our next question from Andy Cash of SunTrust.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: This is Jim Sheehan sitting in for Andy. You gave some updates on what your expectations are for the full year, in 2013, for the various segments. And I was just wondering if you could also comment on the corporate and other line?
Curtis E. Espeland: If you look at the corporate other line, that's developing pretty consistent to what we expected. Last year, the corporate and other line was $125 million, of which $50 million was attributable to Perennial Wood. We've talked about that reduction being cut in half and, as well, some further improvements. So I think we've couched that, probably around $75 million for the year.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Could you also provide some more color on your new -- your V-Kool product, your Interlayer products? What type of growth rates are you seeing there year-over-year?
Mark J. Costa: Sure. This is Mark again. The performance films business is having a great year. In particular, the V-Kool products, these are our premium products, are selling quite well, high double-digit earning revenue growth in that business, especially in Asia. So that's -- that part is going well. Overall, I'd say the sales environment in China for auto sales has weakened some, but that product is outperforming the industry.
Operator: And we will go to our next question from Laurence Alexander of Jefferies.
Robert Walker - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: This is Rob Walker on for Laurence. I guess, first, on Adhesives & Plasticizers, what needs to happen for the business to be and to grow sustainably again, and how far is it away from tightening? And where do you think profits could get to in 2015?
Ronald C. Lindsay: It's Ron. Okay, yes, thank you. Let's see, as far as improving, what we've seen that has caused the issues here in the last several months has been some weakness in demand and then additional capacity. So I think the short version is, particularly in the resin side, we need to see some continued growth and the end use demand soaking up some of that capacity. And I think it's going to be difficult to call exactly how long that'll take until we see what kind of growth rates are reestablished. But as to what it takes is we need to see some of that additional product consumed. We do still feel like we got some good value propositions. One of the areas there, that Jim mentioned, is the hygiene market has higher-than-average growth and also tends to need higher-performing adhesives and resins, which is what we got in our portfolio, and this is the kind of product that we're going to get out of our new capacity in China. So we're going to get cost position coming our way there, as well as we're in the market, geographically, where we see a lot of the growth opportunity. As far as 2013, we see the -- as far as the 2 parts of Adhesives & Plasticizers, probably getting closer to our original targets in 2015 on the PV side and taking a bit longer on the Adhesives side, but it's going to be hard to call at this point till we see a little bit more clarity in just how strong the demand is going to be. But we are definitely pushing out from our earlier forecast for 2015, hitting those numbers out a year or 2 or so.
Robert Walker - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then with the exception of that segment, your volumes are very strong across your portfolio. What did volume grow sequentially? Was this better than normal seasonality? And kind of what kind of volume growth is embedded in your guidance for the back half of the year on a year-over-year basis?
Curtis E. Espeland: Well, I think what we'd characterize is the volume expectations for the second half of the year, it reflects primarily just lower seasonal demand in our volumes. I don't think we have a specific percentage out there today, but we'll come back you as we get those results.
James P. Rogers: On the second quarter, you -- we always get a seasonal increase in volume, first quarter to second quarter, and we saw that again. I mean, I actually felt pretty good about the growth we had. I've looked around at some of the other guys in the industry, I don't feel bad at all about the volume growth we had in the second quarter nor our expectations for the remainder of the year.
Operator: And we will hear next from Nils Wallin of CLSA Investment Bank.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: On Advanced Materials, have you fully sold out the Tritan capacity as yet? And then if you are expanding, my understanding was that, originally, the expansion you had recently was to basically fill all of your polymer capacity with your monomer capacity. Does this new expansion require you to expand both monomers and polymers?
Curtis E. Espeland: Nils, thanks for the question. I've been waiting for my Tritan question all day. It's certainly one the most exciting product launches we've had in the company, in our history, I think. And it's grown certainly beyond our expectation this year, and we're excited about the prospects going forward. As you mentioned, we are selling quite a bit, but we are not at capacity yet. We still have some capacity to grow at the market, but we are moving very quickly to debottleneck that plant and extend its capacity from 60,000 to 76,000 tons, which we'll have online next summer, so excited about the growth, certainly looking at stretching the capacity. And we also have a much larger expansion and development, where we can add a much larger chunk of capacity to continue supporting the market growth.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just on the Longview cracker. If you were to sell the smaller 300-million-pound crackers, what would that do to your overall propylene position while retaining your 800-million-pound cracker?
Ronald C. Lindsay: This is Ron. I'll address that. Curt described our process as selling this excess ethylene position. We want to retain a good cost-based propylene position to support our various derivatives. You might recall that the propylene produced at the site is only part of what we need. We've also got a longer-range supply agreement with Enterprise for when their PDH plant comes online. All that together will make us fully backwards integrated and propane-based cost for our propylene derivatives. And so as we go forward with the process, our focus has been to sell that ethylene position, that merchant ethylene position, but retain a propane-based cost position for the propylene.
Operator: And we'll go to our next question from Mike Sison of KeyBanc.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I appreciate you have Solutia's integration going well, maybe ahead of expectations, as you noted. Could you give us an update, though, in terms of sales volumes since you owned it? It certainly -- lot of businesses are a little bit less than we thought heading into this year, but maybe frame up where you think the businesses are at across-the-board and what the upside potential could be?
James P. Rogers: I'm going to let Mark hit that because he's closest to it, but one of the things he is pointing out to me was to really look at it on a gross margin basis so you don't get confused with the cost allocations. And I'm jumping down the income statement a little bit beyond what you asked. But, Mark, you want to give him some color on the Solutia business?
Mark J. Costa: Sure. As we've discussed in the past, going from '11 to '12, we certainly hit some headwinds with the European economy and some of the Solutia businesses, given their exposure to Europe. And that hasn't improved significantly yet, but we are very well positioned to grow these businesses. Overall, the gross margin dollars this year will be higher than last year for these businesses. So they are stable and well positioned for growth. All the key products, whether it's Crystex, that Interlayers products, performance films, have sufficient capacity to support growth and economic recovery in those businesses as you look over the next 3 years. More importantly, the premium products are doing quite well. So the acoustic sales in Interlayers is very solid growth. We're setting records in acoustic sales in the last 2 months, which are certainly a very strong mix upgrade there. As I mentioned, the Crystex products are doing well, and we have several new products in development that we're preparing to launch next year and feeling excited about that. In Ron's business, Specialty Fluids, is doing quite well and exceeding expectations. So overall, I think they're very well positioned. It does require an economic recovery or, specifically, some end market recovery in tires and building and construction, and we need the European economy to solidify and start moving in, at least, a positive versus negative direction. But we feel good about it.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Great. Then in terms of SAP for the tire additives business, great that you got that on there. Can you maybe talk about some of the benefits you expect to see from that being rolled in there? And one of the earlier ones that you tend get in SAP is pricing, maybe an update on that?
Mark J. Costa: You hit a great chord for us. At Eastman, our historical growth and earnings performance, frankly, has been driven by some very sophisticated understanding about our markets and pricing and capturing the full value and using SAP for that insight. So we've been quite excited to get SAP integrated solution applied to those pricing tools that we've developed into those businesses and are already starting to see some of that benefit. So we do expect to gain a lot of benefit and pricing insight, not just in the rubber business, but in the Saflex product range and the performance films product range. So we expect that to be another contributor for revenue synergies or margins synergies, however you want to define it, the next few years.
James P. Rogers: And, Mike, If I could add, as you probably know, getting those SAP implementation also then enable us to get those cost synergies, as well as continue to pursue additional productivity gains in 2014 and beyond.
Operator: And we'll hear from Duffy Fischer of Barclays.
Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Jim, you've got the $8 number out there, and you've talked about it a couple of different ways: one, kind of coming from organic growth; and then one using the cash flow. It sounds like using the cash flow, you still feel very strongly that you get there. How would you handicap being able to get there with just organic growth at this period?
James P. Rogers: Yes. That's a tough one, Duffy, and thank goodness, I don't have to handicap myself. I mean, we've got a history of using every line of the income statement. We do what it takes to hit our numbers and, hopefully, give you a little extra. But I got the genesis of your question is that you know as I do that it's a tough environment out there. And Mark was just leading into it with looking for some end market recovery in some of our key end markets, looking for Europe to get a little better, which was really significant for the old Solutia businesses. So I would not bet against us, frankly. And as I'm heading out here in a few months, I got the highest amount of confidence that the guys are going to do everything they can, from our side of the table, to make it happen. But you never get guarantees in life. As I said, you need the economy to give you a little help. But we're going to use all the tools we got, because we think it's really important for our shareholders to keep driving that track record of earnings growth year-over-year. And that's what separates you from being a more commodity-diversified guy who's up 1 or 2 years and then down 4. When we start stringing these 4 to 5 to 6 years together of strong earnings growth, people have to think about you differently, and that's our game plan.
Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Fair enough. And the on the phthalates and non-phthalates on that mix, how much more can the phthalate guys cut price to try to maintain market share. Are they getting close to their cash cost at this point, where you can say that they've pulled about -- or fired all the bullets they can, or can they still continue to cut price, do you think, more from here?
James P. Rogers: It's hard to know exactly. But what I would say is, instead of talking about what they can do, I just tell you what our customers are telling us. They see this as just a -- depending on which one you're talking about, how urgent they are, but it's just inevitable. And then ultimately, it's not going to be a price issue for them. It's just a matter of how quickly they make the switch. Some have seen -- it's just a corporate strategy that it's the right thing to do, get on with it. Others have been a bit more followers, and we're seeing that dynamic as well, where they may have not have been so interested and they see some of their competitors doing it and now they're -- have gotten more interested. So I think that side of it is just kind of a near-term dampener maybe. But all in all, we see that dynamic is getting strong and continue.
Operator: And we'll go to our last question from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Ian Bennett - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: This is Ian for Vincent. On Advanced Materials, could you quantify how much of the strength was due to auto and transportation demand?
James P. Rogers: Mark?
Mark J. Costa: Yes, it's Mark, certainly. Advanced Materials had a stellar quarter. We're really excited about it. The primary driver of the earnings improvement in the quarter was really Tritan, more so than the automotive sector. So we've had phenomenal growth in Tritan, that's very high-margin product for us, and it's both volume and mix improvement for the segment. Performance films also had a very solid, solid quarter and improvements with our sales, not just in Asia, but we actually had very strong growth in the aftermarket window films in North America, actually, up 8%. The third contributor was Interlayers in the order of contribution. And the reason is we see very solid volume growth globally, where things are holding together, but Europe has been a big part of our revenue as Saflex and an important part of our margin contribution from the geographic mix point of view. So very solid quarter for Interlayers, but not an exceptionally strong one. The automotive segment, overall, is growing, but depends on where it's growing. I do want to come back to the underlying mix, and the acoustic products has been performing quite well. Very consistent with our Investor Day presentation, our strategy is to drive the mix up, have solid volume growth, leverage the capacity utilization of this business to improve the earnings, and we're seeing all 3 of those levers play out as we've laid out in our strategy.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay. Thanks, again, for joining us this morning. A web replay and a replay in downloadable MP3 format will be available on our website beginning approximately 11 a.m. Have a great day, and thanks very much for your interest in Eastman.
Operator: And again, that does conclude the call. We would like to thank everyone for their participation today.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-26 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory A. Riddle - Director of Investor Relations James P. Rogers - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Research Division Andrew W. Cash - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Nils-Bertil Wallin - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman's website, www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay, thank you, Michael. And good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Jim Rogers, Chairman and CEO; Curt Espeland, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Josh Morgan, Manager, Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover 4 items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are, or will be, detailed in the company's first quarter 2013 financial results news release and in our filings with the SEC, including the Form 10-K filed for 2012 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for first quarter 2013. Second, earnings per share and operating earnings referenced in this presentation include Solutia acquisition-related costs and charges. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded items, are available in our first quarter financial results news release, which can be found at eastman.com in the Investors section. Projections of future earnings in the presentation exclude mark-to-market pension and OPEB losses and gains, Solutia integration costs and any asset impairments and restructuring charges. Third, this presentation includes revenues and operating earnings on a pro forma combined basis, assuming the acquisition of Solutia had been completed prior to first quarter 2012 that compare post-acquisition results to pre-acquisition pro forma combined results. More information on pro forma combined results is in our first quarter 2013 financial results news release. And lastly, we've posted slides that accompany our remarks for this morning's call on our website in the Presentations and Events section. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James P. Rogers: Thanks, Greg. And good morning, everyone. Let's go over to Slide 3. As is my normal practice on these calls, I'll take just a moment upfront to provide an update on our most recent outlook statements. First of all, we continue to make good progress on the Solutia integration. Curt will provide you with more color in his section, but I just want to reiterate how pleased I am with how the integration is going and how well these businesses and our cultures are coming together to create value. Next, in February, we raised our full year 2013 EPS expectation to a range of $6.30 to $6.40, which would be a 17% and 19% growth rate over 2012. And today we're reaffirming that guidance as, on balance, our portfolio of businesses continues to perform well despite an uncertain economic environment. We also said we expected to generate between $600 million and $650 million of free cash flow in 2013 and we're right on track to achieve that target. Finally, we committed to remain disciplined in our capital allocation. And if you look at how we've put capital to work this quarter and really look at our track record over the last few years, I hope you would agree that we have remained disciplined and focused on the returns. On Slide 4, I'm reviewing the Eastman corporate results. Operating earnings increased first quarter 2013 versus first quarter 2012 with lower raw material and energy costs more than offset lower selling prices. For example, propane prices declined over 30% year-over-year, while on a corporate basis, total corporate selling prices declined by 1%. Almost all segments had higher year-over-year earnings with the largest increases being in Specialty Fluids & Intermediates and Fibers. And our operating margin increased to 17.5% almost a 200 basis point improvement year-over-year. So first quarter EPS was $1.62, an increase of almost 1/3 compared with the year-ago quarter. First quarter earnings were a strong start to the year in what remains a difficult and unpredictable global economic environment. On Slide 5, I'll highlight our results by geographic region. As you can see the U.S. and Canada remains our largest region on a percent of revenue basis with Asia Pac, a strong second, and then Europe and Latin America. Revenue in North America was down about 5%, but this was a typical price/raw story. As I mentioned earlier, propane down over 30% year-over-year in the quarter and this resulted in some lower prices for derivatives in the U.S. Asia Pacific revenue was up 11% and the increase was a combination of both volume and price. There was particular strength in our Fibers, Advanced Materials and Specialty Fluids & Intermediates segments, with the SFI improvement coming against an easier comp in first quarter 2012. Revenue in Europe was down 3%, and given the state of their economy, this was solid performance, in my opinion. And Latin America revenue was down $4 million or about 3% as well. We continue to see our geographic diversity as a source of strength for our portfolio and our first quarter results are indicative of that. Moving next to the segments in the Slide 6, where I'll begin with Additives & Functional Products. Sales revenue increased, primarily due to higher sales volume. This was particularly true for solvents as we are benefiting from a strengthening U.S. building and construction market. For tire additives, both in soluble sulfurs and anti-degradants, volume was relatively flat. And given our estimate that global tire market demand was about flat year-over-year in the first quarter, we feel good about holding our share here. And this positions us well for when the market inevitably begins to restock inventories as tires need to be replaced. I'd also add for the anti-degradants business that we are in the process of implementing a price increase to try and recover some of the margin loss to significantly higher benzene costs. Operating earnings for the segment increased slightly as lower raw material and energy costs and the higher sales volume were partially offset by lower selling prices. We also had lower capacity utilization in the first quarter of 2013 for rubber additives as back in the first quarter of 2012 the business was preparing for expected outages and increases in demand. So it was a tough comp for rubber additives. The operating margin for the quarter remained at just under 24%. And looking at the full year, we continue to expect operating earnings of approximately $410 million, which would be a strong result in a challenging economic environment. So overall, I'd say Bradwick [ph] and his team are doing an excellent job with this segment. Moving next to Slide 7 in Adhesives & Plasticizers. First quarter results were disappointing in this segment due to several factors. For adhesive resin product lines, unfavorable trends in both demand and supply impacted our results. On the demand side, the consumables market, particularly packaging, continues to be soft. And on the supply side, greater availability of key raw materials helped to loosen the non-hydrogenated market while lower-priced competitive material was also a headwind. For plasticizers, we are facing aggressive, competitive pricing from both manufacturers of phthalate-based plasticizers trying to defend market share, as well Asian producers who, in response to slower growth at home, have increased exports to Europe and the U.S. While we expect operating earnings to -- operating earnings to increase sequentially in the second quarter and for first quarter results to be the lowest quarter of the year in 2013, we are reducing our full year operating earnings guidance for this segment to approximately $225 million. With that said, we remain confident in 2 secular trends that will continue to drive growth for this business. First, solid growth from increased use of hygiene products, such as diapers, in fast expending markets, particularly Asia. And increased usage of hydrogenated hydrocarbon resins in case and carton packaging adhesives. And second, substitution of phthalate plasticizers with non-phthalate plasticizers in Europe and the U.S. But to get back to the kind of earnings we expect from this segment, we're also going to need stronger global economic growth to help as well. Advanced Materials is on Slide 8. And it bounced back from a tough fourth quarter to report solid first quarter results. Year-over-year, sales revenue increased primarily due to higher sales volume particularly for interlayer product lines and Tritan copolyester. And to give you an example, Tritan volume was up about 40% year-over-year, mainly in the durable goods market. Operating earnings increased due to the higher volume and improved product mix. We're selling more premium products in this segment, acoustic interlayers, Tritan copolyester, V-Kool-branded window films and this is driving mix improvement and earnings growth. The operating margin for the quarter improved year-over-year to just over 11%. For full year 2013, the Advanced Materials segment continues to be faced with a challenging business climate, including weakness in Europe and lower demand for packaging. Despite that, we expect operating earnings will approach $250 million for the year driven by the improving product mix and higher asset utilization. Next is Fibers on Slide 9. And it seems each quarter the results set the bar even higher. Revenue increased with both volume and price up. Earnings were a quarterly record at $114 million. In addition, the higher volume in prices, operational performance has been excellent with our asset tail stream running at a very high-level and benefiting from the de-bottlenecks we completed last year, which are resulting in lower unit cost. For full year 2013, we are raising our earnings expectation to approximately $430 million and we expect earnings to be slightly higher in the first half of the year compared with second half based on how price and raw material and energy costs flow through our accounting system. Lastly, to update our progress on our joint venture with China National Tobacco Corporation to expand acetate tow capacity in China. I can report that we're on track for the facility to come online during the third quarter. We expect qualification of material will take place through the end of this year. And therefore, we expect to begin seeing earnings through our equity investment in the joint venture in early 2014. I'll finish up the segments on Slide 10 with Specialty Fluids & Intermediates. Operating earnings increased significantly year-over-year due to lower raw material and energy costs primarily for propane, which were partially offset by lower selling prices. The operating margin for the quarter was just under 16%, an increase of about 400 basis points over the prior year quarter. Sequentially, operating earnings increased slightly going from $93 million in fourth quarter '12 to $95 million in the first quarter this year. You'll recall that we had an operational issue at one of our olefin cracking units in the fourth quarter that had a slight negative impact in those results. Well, we also had a separate issue with one of our crackers in the first quarter that had a slightly larger negative impact on results than in the fourth quarter of last year. I know this is disappointing, but frankly, I see these types of issues as common across our industry. In addition to the cracker issues, I would add that a lot of the benefit of lower propane costs was already in our numbers in the fourth quarter partly due to LIFO. So although we did benefit from an improvement in the propane and propylene spread in the first quarter, a significant portion of that was already in our fourth quarter numbers. In 2013, we will also benefit from an additional furnace on our type 4 cracker providing an additional 100 million pounds of ethylene on an annual basis. Looking at the full year, we continue expect operating earnings will approximate $380 million, which would be very strong performance. I will end on Slide 11 with an update on our 2013 outlook. We started the year with very solid results from our portfolio of specialty businesses, and we continue to benefit from our leadership position in attractive end markets, from the diversity of the end markets we serve and from our broad geographic footprint. However, global economic uncertainty continues with particular weakness in Europe. And raw material and energy costs continue to be volatile, including for propylene, paraxylene and benzene. And taken all of this together, we are maintaining our full year expectations, which we had increased in January for 2013 EPS of between $6.30 and $6.40. This would be our fourth consecutive year of double-digit earnings growth if we achieve this. And I remain confident we are well-positioned to continue to deliver double-digit earnings growth for the next 2 years and beyond. With that, let me turn it over to Curt.
Curtis E. Espeland: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin on Slide 13 by reviewing some of the financial highlights for the first quarter. We generated $5 million of cash from operating activities in the quarter. Net earnings were solid. Working capital increased for normal seasonal requirements. And we made an $11 million contribution to the U.S. defined benefit pension plans. Moving to free cash flow for the quarter. You see it was a negative $83 million, a good result in what is typically our seasonally lowest quarter for free cash flow. Also keep in mind there was no dividend payment in the first quarter as we elected to pay the dividend to our shareholders in December of last year. Finally, our cash balance, which includes cash equivalents, was $178 million at the end of first quarter. Our tax rate for the first quarter was 28.7% reflecting the $10 million benefit we noted in our February guidance resulting from the extension of the R&D tax credit and allowance for the tax retransfer of offshore dividends. We expect our tax rate for the remainder of the year to be approximately 31.5%. On Slide 13, I'll walk you through our current estimate for free cash flow in 2013. Consistent with our previous guidance, we project operating cash flow of roughly $1.3 billion. The full year operating cash flow estimate includes our projection for continued strength in earnings, as well as the following items: slightly higher working capital as a result of increased revenue and our broader geographical footprint, with the working capital we built in the first quarter working down through the remainder of the year. Funding the balance sheet accruals, such as the annual environmental funding of approximately $35 million primarily for legacy Solutia sites and restructuring accruals for site closure in Brazil. Any additional restructuring and integration costs are excluded from our earnings projections. And finally, we anticipate contributing approximately $120 million to our U.S. defined benefit plan this year. Also consistent with our prior guidance, we expect 2013 capital expenditures to total approximately $525 million. This capital spending will be more in the second half of the year due to the normal operational trends, as well as the timing for key growth projects, including our specialty fluids expansion in Wales. So putting this altogether, we reaffirm our 2013 free cash flow expectation to be between $600 million and $650 million with the midpoint of this range representing a growth rate of greater than 30% over the 2012 total. Next on Slide 15, I will provide an update on the integration of Solutia. As the slide indicates, we remain well on track to achieve the synergies we expect -- expected when we acquired these businesses last year. We are also on track with the retention of key talent, which is at 93% of what we identified. We recently achieved one of our key integration milestones with the successful system migration of the rubber additives product lines, which is a part of our Additives & Functional Products segment, over to our SAP system. For those of you familiar with SAP migrations, you know this is a very complicated process. To give you a sense, this migration itself impacted 1,300 people at 19 different sites and locations in 12 countries. The implementation went as well as we could have expected and these businesses are now fully operational in our SAP system with seamless impact to our customers. I just want to recognize all those involved in achieving this outstanding result and milestone. And we are on track to migrate over to the remaining former Solutia businesses into our SAP system later this year or early 2014 time frame. All in all, we continue to make great progress with our integration efforts and our synergy targets. To closeout on Slide 16, I'll remind you of our disciplined approach to capital allocation. As previously mentioned, we expect capital expenditures of $525 million, which reflects our commitment to pursue organic growth across our portfolio. On the debt side, paying down a significant portion of the Solutia acquisition term loan will continue to be a priority for cash throughout 2013. During the first quarter, we did reduce the term loan balance by $200 million using our strong balance sheet to access attractive funding in the commercial paper market. Moving next to joint ventures and acquisitions, we will continue to progress with our 2 announced joint ventures, the acetate tow joint venture with China National Tobacco Corporation, expected to be online on the third quarter of this year and our Regalite adhesives project joint venture with Sinopec, expected online in 2014. And we will also continue to evaluate opportunities for strategic bolt-ons. Lastly, we expect to continue returning cash to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. During the first quarter, we repurchased $32 million of Eastman common stock. With that, thank you for your interest in Eastman Chemical. And I'll turn it back over to Greg.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay. Thanks, Curt. This concludes our prepared remarks. Michael, we are ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Kevin McCarthy of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Jim, in Adhesives, I think you mentioned a couple of issues. It sounded like you're experiencing some market-related weakness on the packaging adhesives side. And then I heard you mention an issue on hydrogenated hydrocarbons related to some meaningful cost dynamics. So I'm wondering if you could flesh those out a little bit more and comment on the expected duration of these issues and whether or not there's anything company-specific at work in either category?
James P. Rogers: And Kevin, how did I know the first question might just be on adhesives? Guess what, when we had our business reviewed, guess where we spent some time. Look, long term, I like our position. There's nothing company-specific negative to Eastman, but you do have softness in the packaging market, which is part of it. I think one of the reasons the results were worse than most all of us expected was it wasn't just demand, it was also on the supply side. And the best I can understand it, speaking somewhat generally, if you had probably several years now, tight raw materials where customers can quite often worry about whether they're going to get the supplies, some of your competitors couldn't have certainly make all they wanted to make. And then if those raws loosen up, you have more of availability of supply, customers don't need to keep their safety stocks and inventory. And so, you had a bit of a double whammy. You had soft demand and then you also had more supplier, or at least a comfort level, with customers on supply. That second thing doesn't last forever, so they go ahead and take their inventories down skinnier. They're more comfortable doing that, knowing that they're likely to be able to get product. The overall demand issue is one that you're going to be able to watch as easy as me in terms of when general level of economic activity picks up and packaging in particular picks up again. So it was a disappointment. I think we still like the hydrogenated hydrocarbon outlook. We like the outlook for diapers in the emerging markets, et cetera. And that trend's not going away anytime soon. So long-term, feel fine, short-term, we got caught on both demand and supply.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then second question if I may, Jim, on Specialty Fluids & Intermediates. You referenced the operational issue at Longview. Can you give as a sense of, I guess, the absolute impact to that in the first quarter and remind us of what it was in the fourth quarter? Just trying to get a sense of what the sequential delta might have been in that segment related to the operations side?
James P. Rogers: And I'll probably let Curt chime in on this, too. But I thought you might be the one to ask this question, Kevin, since you're high man on the numbers. And it, obviously, without the upset, we wouldn't have gone all the way to your number, let me just say it that way, but we would have been between your number and our number.
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes, I'd say the impact on the first quarter is roughly $10 million and the fourth quarter's a little less than that.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jeff Zekauskas of JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you update us on your cost-reduction initiatives and what you think the ultimate savings will be from the integration of Solutia?
James P. Rogers: Let me let Curt pick that up, because he's the lead man on that.
Curtis E. Espeland: Well, what we've mentioned in the past, Jeff, and this still holds true. Our target is over a run rate of greater than $100 million by the end of this year on those integration savings. We did talk about there's different levels of probability of other projects we've identified, so that $100 million target we talked about was roughly 5% of the acquired revenues. There is a possibility that could be a 6% number, which would be another roughly $25 million and there's a remote chance that it could be 7%, another $25 million. So it's just a range of probability we're working on. And some of that you won't see until 2015 if it were to come to fruition. In addition, we continue to make good progress on the operational commercial side of Solutia and I think you're starting to see that in the benefits. And then lastly, it's within our culture, we have a culture of continuing to focus on productivity and trying to drive unit costs down and you heard some of that -- Jim talked about today in our asset deal stream to some de-bottlenecks, et cetera. So part of it's still synergies, part of it's just operational excellence we expect and have been able to achieve.
James P. Rogers: And, Jeff, if I could just tag on, I mean a lot of times people look at spread and spread widens out and they say they just got more price so the raws went down. We don't talk a lot about it but we still got all the basic programs going on part of our culture in terms of Six Sigma and cost monitoring the headcount, labor cost, et cetera. So we're trying to fight it on all angles and that's about the only way you can deliver these kind of results.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, you had such a nice price raw material margin in your Fibers business. Now selling these shutdowns Spondon [ph] facility late last year, did that tighten up the global supply demand balances efficiently to sort of allow for greater industry pricing? Is that the reason why it widened out so much?
James P. Rogers: I would not point to that because they also added capacity and of course, we're both adding capacity in China. But no denying, we're running at very high utilization rates. The whole industry is. Part of our benefit is, and again we don't always talk a lot about it, but we just operationally ran very well in terms of cost. And then there's also a benefit that comes from in the first quarter, how the pricing flow through versus the cost flow through. So usually, your first quarter, you're getting a little tailwind, if I can, that maybe all of your cost, say higher wood pulp, et cetera, haven't flown through for full 3 months or you've probably gotten more of your pricing. And that's way we tried to guide that for Fibers, the first half of the year is probably going to look better than the second half the year, and not because of any change in the marketplace, simply because of how those costs flow through.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from David Begleiter of Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Jim, I think you also called out some weakness in plasticizers in the quarter. Is that weakness, do you think, permanent structurally? Or is it -- was it temporary going forward?
James P. Rogers: Yes. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, so how temporary is temporary? I mean, you've got some plasticizers guys who've been losing the share who are reacting trying to use price. We also had, if I remember correctly, kind of soft market in Asia. So they ship more of the stuff to maybe higher-priced markets, Europe and the States. Long term, the non-phthalate trend, it's not going to change, it's not going to go away. It's -- we're not going to see high single-digit growth rates in the non-phthalate plasticizer side. So I still expect growth good growth there. The real weakness came more on the adhesives side this quarter than the plasticizers side, so that's really where more of our focus is right now.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And just in SFI, Jim, how should we think about a narrowing of the propane propylene spread in Q2 versus Q1 and how would it impact your numbers?
James P. Rogers: Well, it does it like it's going to narrow, and that's what drives me nuts. When it's widening out, everything thinks I should be raising guidance, et cetera. And we're trying to say, "Guys, it's only 1 or 2 months." and then -- so it's going to come to go back the other way. I try not to look, honestly. I try not to look quarter-to-quarter. I try and think for the year. I think overall, for the next several years, we still got a tailwind here. Let me just point out one other thing though, when you look at that segment, it's not just that spread propane, propylene, I also got a really nice fluids business in there. And the fluids business didn't quite do what we would have hoped in the first quarter and that is more as I'm learning because again, those shipments, when they have major fills, et cetera, can kind of move from one quarter to another. So they should -- the fluids business should do noticeably better next quarter over first quarter. But yes, I would think the spread will come in some. But overall, I think that this segment's going to have a great year.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And just lastly, any update on the fourth ethylene cracker at Longview?
James P. Rogers: Yes, I mean, I said last time, I have little chagrin. I don't have more to tell you. All I can tell you now is we got site visits going on, we've narrowed the list down to a few parties. Midyear is probably when we'd hope to be out with something. I can honestly say that I worry a little bit that guys are spending too much time or they're building the anticipation up too much on this one. I mean, we're a pretty good-sized company and restarting another cracker or doing something with the excess ethylene that would probably take 2 or 3 years to get in place anyway. I hope they're not buying our stock on that, waiting for that shoe to drop and for us to tell them what to do because we think we got a great portfolio of businesses. But yes, hopefully midyear, we can kind of spell out who we're going to work with and what it's going to look like.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Jim, you mentioned more aggressive competition from Asia in the adhesives business. Is this a function of the weak economy over there and you think this sort of ebbs and flows as their own home cooking improves and they won't have to seek out other markets, or is this just sort of a standard product cycle issue where it's becoming more intense?
James P. Rogers: I think I was mainly talking about plasticizers on that. Yes, that's okay. But let me just talk about Asia in general. And basically, we had pretty much all the segments, but Adhesives & Plasticizers had pretty good results in Asia. And it seemed like we were seeing something a little different, than a lot of the guys were talking as we were going around beginning of the year, our last conference call, et cetera. I don't know that we're that exceptional, except I like our portfolio of products in Asia. So filter tow being such a major product for us in Asia gives us pretty good Asian numbers usually, quarter-in and quarter-out. I know that in -- as I look forward, just to give you some little anecdotal stuff, I think on the oxos, it's going to get fairly competitive there. I think, butanol, for example, under price pressure in Asia right now. So yes, we had a good first quarter in Asia. I would think I'm pleased that it's our second largest region, let me say it that way. But we take nothing for granted in Asia, and I think the hardest thing is figuring out segment-by-segment what's going in with inventory levels in Asia, because I just think they're masters at moving those inventories around when they think it's to their advantage.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And could I ask a separate question on Crystex? It seemed like there was some consternation among investors that, that such a great ride that had to end at some point. I didn't get that sense from your comments, so could you talk a little bit about what's going on in the market there and, in particular, pricing?
James P. Rogers: Yes. I disagree that it's something that has to end. I mean, we have the best product in the marketplace. We have the best cost position. The way I look at this -- in fact I went through a few of the Solutia businesses, if you want. But the way I look at this, and this is a great business, and you're seeing it probably at its weakest because of what's going on in the general tire marketplace. So we held volumes in Crystex, which, I think, is a good thing. A year ago, they were running their utilization rates a little harder so the comp was going to be tough for us. They had all kinds of rational why they ran harder a year ago, but let's just say we think we're running it very prudently today in terms of how we're running our plants. When the tire market comes back, I think that's -- we're going to get to see how good this business really is, and also when we pull the trigger and do our Kuantan expansion and get some further cost reductions because of process improvements, I think that's also going to be quite a positive. So people, they should not judge the tire additives business by the way it looks right now. This is fairly tough marketplace for them. I'll just say, similar thing with interlayers where you got Europe so soft. I mean, I just know that's a better business than you're seeing today. But you're seeing it down because of Europe. If I look at the fluids business, sold out, fantastic business. We're going to have the wherewithal to add capacity, and so that's going to meet or exceed our expectations. The films business is probably the highlight. That's one that's doing the highest above our expectations. And we'll -- I think maybe next call or so, we'll try and focus -- and I'm looking over at Greg. I think we'll try and focus in a little more on films to give you some more color. Because I don't want you to ignore that. Some of our best growth rates and great products and some real opportunity, we see there. So I mean -- so you got 2 of the muscle players from Solutia that, I think, you're seeing at low points and the other businesses are performing very well.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Duffy Fischer with Barclays.
Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just to go back to PVB interlayers, at the Investor Day, you made a comment, you thought the old management had made an error around kind of a price volume decision about a year ago. So as that anniversary-s this year, where you guys or are you guys able to get back the volume you think they lost?
James P. Rogers: Yes, that's a good question. And I think, if I remember correctly, we talked, we kind of had a 2-year game plan for doing that. We've got a long ways in the first year so we're pleased with the contracting strategy we did. We got more price in Asia, we got more volume in Europe and that's exactly what we wanted. So yes, overall, I think we're getting the right response from the major customers. They want a long-term player, somebody's going to work with them. And we've had to accommodate customers where necessary to make sure that we had the market position we wanted with the key players in that industry. But yes, overall I'm pleased with what we've been able to accomplish in 1 year.
Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then another comment from the Investor Day. I thought you guys had forecast you would grow about half the market in Crystex because you needed to make room for kind of the #2 and #3 player that brought on some capacity, but it seems like you're holding volume. Has their capacity rolled into the market and is it just going smoother than you thought? Or are we still waiting for that capacity to come online?
James P. Rogers: Yes, I'm pleased to what we've been able to do in the Crystex market but let me -- Greg, you want to add some color?
Gregory A. Riddle: I was just going to add that when we talked in Investor Day, we were talking about growth rate that might be in the 5% range for tires. And what we're seeing right now is flat. So when we're talking about growing half of what the market's growing, the market has to be growing and we're not seeing that right now.
James P. Rogers: But we held. I'm pleased with how we did, share-wise, in Crystex.
Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Research Division: But did the capacity from those competitors come online? Or -- because the growth rate will be where it'll be, but if people bring on capacity and they're willing to use price to get into the market, I thought that's why you guys were going to back off and basically just make way for them so that it didn't hit pricing. But that's what I'm trying to figure out. Did they come online or did they not come online?
James P. Rogers: Yes. I understand your question, and I can't remember specifically. I know that the kind of capacity adds we had were small from numerous players, and so I just assumed, honestly, they were coming on...
Gregory A. Riddle: I've not heard any discussion amongst our business about any change in outlook of how that capacity is coming on.
James P. Rogers: So I wasn't aware. It's not like there was one big step function coming on. But I can't give you anymore color than that.
Operator: And we'll go next to Andy Cash with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Andrew W. Cash - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just to follow up on the acetate tow, there's some raw material pressure coming from the cellulose side. Could you give us your index? What you think raw material costs will do for acetate tow over the course of the year. And also, what sort of volume change year-over-year, do you expect for the business, full year?
James P. Rogers: Yes, let me hit the raw materials side and just remind folks on the major wood pulp we do in annual contracts. So we know what the cost is there. I don't see that moving around. What we were trying to say is we didn't get a full 3 month's worth of that cost in the first quarter -- the increase in the first quarter. You also don't get quite a full 3 months of the pricing in the first quarter either, but it slanted a little more to where you get less of the raw material cost. So I don't want to mislead anybody. Obviously, business doing great. We're covering our raw material costs, outperforming due partly to that spread, also partly to just great operational excellence. Fibers is pretty tight right now. So I don't know -- Greg, were we seeing much more volume this year versus last year?
Gregory A. Riddle: Low-single digits, which is pretty consistent with where we were in the first quarter.
James P. Rogers: Okay. By the way the, other piece that moves around there is -- it's small is yarn, but yarn is not causing any swings. It's pretty much steady.
Andrew W. Cash - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then some of -- if I could ask one other question about some of your growth businesses. You alluded to V-Kool doing well. Could you talk about -- just give us a ballpark of the range of growth you're seeing for V-Kool films on acoustics and also Tritan side?
James P. Rogers: Yes. They're good numbers. Why don't I let my CFO -- you want to say the percentage increase? Tritan was 40%, V-Kool, I think, was a strong double-digit on. It was at 20% or something like that. I don't -- when we were -- the acoustics, I think, was 30%. I mean, these things, I just wish they were bigger so that these percentages would be off a bigger basis. But yes, it's pretty good growth on that. And that -- but it brings up the bigger point, is that stuff that's growing fast is your higher margin. So you're getting the nice mix improvement like when you sell more acoustics in the interlayers, the same thing with Tritan, same thing with V-Kool. I mean, those are all good trends. And so, if I got a disappointment, I wish we'd had more volume growth this quarter. But I'm very pleased with the mix changes that we're seeing in our businesses.
Gregory A. Riddle: And if I could add Jim, on top of it, what you're getting with those growth rates is we already have the investments made so you're getting the leverage off that.
James P. Rogers: Yes, that's true. That's true.
Andrew W. Cash - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just if I could go back to what Duffy was talking about earlier about the PVB. In the auto area, I mean, shouldn't your business see a better comps going forward if the auto pundits arrive and the European business is less onerous on a year-to-year basis going forward?
James P. Rogers: Yes, that would be -- that would definitely be a help. Remember, the interlayer business is not just the autos. You've also got the building and construction commercial buildings, particularly in Europe. And so that's quite soft and I don't think that's forecast to turnaround any time soon. But you're right on the auto side.
Operator: And we'll go next to Nils Wallin with CLSA.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: On the adhesives business, I know you've got some expansions in Longview and then YPC over the next couple of years. Is there any way, if the market continues to be weak, that you might dial back some of those expansions to keep -- prevent operating rates from declining too significantly?
James P. Rogers: Yes, well for -- the big one would be the one in China. And frankly, I'm not too concerned about the hydrogenated hydrocarbon resins. That's -- we're going to need that volume. And I think we said when we announced it that we also had quite a bit of the output under contract already from that plant. So not going to be a major risk. I don't see it screwing up the market because of the segment it's in, lets say it that way.
Curtis E. Espeland: And the hygiene market is growing stronger for the hydrogenated. So that trend is still there, Nils.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. Then on the interlayers business, again. I mean, I think you -- at Investor Day you said that, that business was about 50% Europe and yet, obviously, Asia contributed. So I was just curious as how much of a drag Europe was because of autos and construction?
James P. Rogers: Yes. I don't know how to quantify it for you without trying to get in number by number. I can just tell you that the thing for me on that business was the tough comparison in the last year as well in terms of how they ran the business last year. But Europe's the one we need to turn. When Europe turns, we're going to feel really good because it is the major impact on this segment.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Just finally, if I may I think sort of year-to-date charges and whatever, from Solutia integration. Or somewhere in the $80 million range, excluding inventory step-ups and everything else, how do you -- how does that compare to what you were expecting and how many more charges do you think you might have to take from Solutia?
James P. Rogers: Well I think when you look at what happened in the first quarter, we had about $10 million of integration costs from restructuring costs. Those will kind of continue at that level through the course of the rest of this year. We'll start to unwind as we finish those major SAP implementations. So it will be pretty much behind us as we finish the year. And it's pretty much in line with what we expected when we announced the deal.
Operator: And we'll go next to Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Jim, in your prepared remarks you said it's a difficult and unpredictable environment out there. So, of course, that begs the question I would like you to do some forecasting here. You did a nice job of talking about the geographies, the Q1 results for the various geographies and the sales movements; this, that and other things. [ph]. Can you give us the state of the -- the current state of affairs whipping around North America, Europe, Asia, what you're seeing there?
James P. Rogers: Yes, thanks Frank. I would say first of all, as we give our guidance. We're not -- we're expecting things to kind of trek along the way it is right now. So if we had a nice surprise, the upside, where somehow, Europe pulls a rabbit out of a hat, we could do better. But odds are, it's going to play out, in our opinion, kind of the way we're seeing it now. So you had, North America, and it's probably the same thing everyone else is in. North America, pretty good, Europe frankly, still just down and don't really see what the light is at the end of the tunnel for Europe. I mean, I guess in a year or 2 they got to come out of it. But in general, our best play there is to keep an improving mix within that region. I'd say Latin America, just not that big for us. But when you look at how we were down a little bit volume-wise, I think Brazil is probably tougher times than Mexico is. And then you get to Asia. And Asia's the one that could make a difference, but harder -- I'd say, the hardest to call. I've pretty good idea where Europe is going to next year, so pretty good idea the States is going to stay good the next year. So Asia is a little bit tougher to see. And there, you have to start getting into the segments. But by and large, I think it kind of keeps trekking along the way it is. So we may have had a little more of a tailwind first quarter, and maybe tougher for Asia to keep up at that level. I don't know, I hope that's helpful.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So how would you describe the April pace of business versus the Q1 pace of business in Asia overall?
James P. Rogers: Let me ask Curt because he probably looks at that as well.
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes, I think when we look at the order trends, April, even early part of May, we're seeing that same trend of strength in most of our businesses within Asia. We haven't seen any dramatic upcrease or downwind.
James P. Rogers: The only -- I just said the antidote of some of the oxos pricing pressure there like butanol, et cetera. But that's about the only negative I've heard, change from first to second.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Alright. Terrific. And then Curt, you described use of cash on the shareholder bullet. Continued share repurchases to offset dilution, yet I noticed that your share count ticked in, in Q1. Can you expand upon the potential that we might see more of that happen as we go forward?
Curtis E. Espeland: Well, I'm glad you noted that, Frank. If you look at our fully diluted share count, you're right, it did tick down a little bit as we implemented share repurchases. I'd actually point out on an actual share count base, it increased.
James P. Rogers: It's had more to do with the pricing options...
Curtis E. Espeland: Right. Options exercise then we had a few shares issued under the old Solutia warrants. So right now, our strategy continues to be repurchase shares to offset dilution as we make progress on our debt pay down as you've heard before. We'll look at how we deploy that cash further whether we do more share repurchases beyond dilution.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Alright, terrific. And then if I could just come back to the Tritan volumes, up 40% year-over-year, which is obviously an eye-popping number. Any color around that? I mean, operating rates for that unit, how is that trending? Do you expect more of that to continue?
James P. Rogers: Yes, I think it's perhaps unrealistic to think it's going to have 40% up comps from here on out. It's had a bang up quarter where market acceptance for the product is just fantastic, which not only gives us the volume, but allows us to concentrate on the segments of the market as I think, things like medical versus some of the other packaging applications that would be less attractive. It's still going to take a little while to fill up the capacity we got, so we're not worried about running out of capacity soon. We've talked in the past about how you add a monomer plant and then you add lines, et cetera. So I think we're still looking at Tritan, not filling up until what? End of next year maybe, something like that? But it's -- that's a good part of what's going on within Eastman right now, it's how Tritan's -- how the market's responding to Tritan.
Operator: And we'll go next to Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley Smith Barney.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just a question on the acetate tow business. I know Asia, from a cigarette perspective, is I don't know, almost 60% of your volume. But in the rest of the world, how -- what level of concern do you have over sort of medium or long-term about when President Obama announces the potential for Federal excise tax pretty substantial in the U.S. or you see Philip Morris International's volume down mid-single digits in the quarter, I mean. And the potential for further excise tax increases in Europe or in other places. What level of concern at all is that to you?
James P. Rogers: Well, we're not naive about it. I mean, we can see what part of the world we live in and what the smoking trends are here. We know one is the biggest impacts in the past on smoking has been tax increases. So you're right to focus on one of the levers that can have a almost immediate impact. Interestingly enough a year or 2 later, you lose some of that impact, again. In other words it goes back up. But long term, I think we all know the trend outside of Asia. And it'll be a slow decline. What you're going to want is you're going to want to have the best cost position and you're going to want to have a nice base in Asia, and that's what we're building long-term.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then, Curtis, if I could just ask you on the free cash flow. Can you just sort of remind me sort of how it sequenced through the year and just let me know if there's any impact from the sort of maybe in the inventory from the weakness in adhesives and sort of how you see that playing out through the year.
Curtis E. Espeland: So let me -- first of all, on the inventory, I can assure that our business and our supply chain guys are keenly aware of kind of our order trends and makes sure we operate consistent with those trends. So that wasn't a factor. And as we look at free cash flow, as we'd expect, we're kind of negative in the first quarter and it starts building through the end of the year. I don't know, maybe our third or fourth quarter will be one of our strongest, the second half of the year is where we'll see a significant generation of our free cash flow.
Operator: And we'll go next to Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Two quick ones. On the tire side, are your customers giving any sense of having a sense for when the market actually turns, or are they still waiting on pins and needles? And on the Fibers business, is there a point -- I mean, how many years can you sort of maintain a good pricing cycle? Or is there a threshold that we should be thinking about where you actually run the risk of creating your own demand destruction separate from tax increases or other government interventions?
James P. Rogers: Yes. So let me start with the tires. We just happened to ask that same question when we were having our review. What are the customers telling you? What can you see? The destocking has been going on in that industry for a while now. More than a quarter or 2, to the best of our knowledge. And we also, by the way, we're humble enough to admit there's other companies who've been dealing with the tire industry a lot longer than us and it's a lot bigger percent of their business. So trust me, there's guys out there who can speak much more intelligently than me about it. But we haven't seen the turn yet in where people have gone the other way and started to feel like they need to build inventories again. And I don't think we're getting a lot of feedback on how soon that's going to be. So, it's just one of those where I'm thankful we got such a diversified portfolio of businesses that one business is soft like adhesives, something else can kick in. On the Fibers business, I don't really worry about things we would do as a supplier that would cause demand destruction. I mean, the filter's actually the cheaper part of the cigarette. So to the extent they lengthen the filters and call it a premium cigarette, their cost goes down and therefore, their margin goes up and we sell more products. So I think it's what we talked about earlier. You can just see the long-term trends in terms of developed world smoking on a very slow decline is still growing though in the developing world. And that -- those are going to be the dominant trends. And taxes, country-by-country, can move things around and in particular, can cause upset, say, in a particular quarter for 1 year, but then the world seems to adjust. So the other thing, I think the industry has been fairly disciplined about looking at their high cost production facilities, and over the years, have gravitated to lower cost and to Asia from higher cost and places like Western Europe.
Operator: And we'll go next to Mike Sison with KeyBanc.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: In terms of Crystex, I just wanted to -- maybe help us visualize, where are your operating rates now? And once they do sort of recover, is the leverage higher than what we might have seen in the years passed and maybe give us a feel for how that can shape up?
James P. Rogers: Yes, I got plenty of capacity right now. If that's your question. And I think there's a track record -- it was a leader, by far, in this industry, the capacity utilization, Solutia, and now us. We're more likely to move utilization rates around and -- than the small competitors are. But so I'm not going to give you a percentage number on utilization rate, but let's just say I've got capacity. One of the key things to watch for though, and you'll get a signal as soon as anybody when we announce we're going forward with the Kuantan expansion and a newer technology and lowering our cost position. That's going to be a very good sign. And that is the kind of thing that can give you more leverage than you've had in the past that you got a lower cost process that's actually retrofitable. So we'll see. I mean, I never take anything for granted. Don't give you any guarantees. But I think we got some much better times ahead of us for Crystex.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then just curious, I know it's still early, but there are some companies, when you look at the economic backdrop, particularly in Europe over the next couple of years, sort of the long-term goals seem more difficult and Advanced Materials is one where we needed a pretty big ramp over the next couple of years. Can you sort give us an update of how you think about that business given some of the commentary that Europe could be weaker?
James P. Rogers: Yes, it did have probably the steepest incline in the climb. Maybe now Adhesives & Plasticizers does. But I feel better than I did 6 months ago about them being able to hit their targets. And partly -- remember, I got 3 businesses in there, so I got the specialty plastics business like I think I said on the last call, was going to have a very good year, probably the best year ever. That still seems to be intact. They had a very strong first quarter. Performance films is outperforming our expectations. It has nice growth rates and is becoming a more significant part of that segment, although admittedly, still the smallest. And then the interlayer business is where the upside is. And we do need some improvement in Europe and we do need some global improvement to hit those numbers. We said that back then, so I don't want to pretend like Europe can just stay where it is forever and we're going to be happy. We do need a pickup in the global economic activity, in particular Europe.
Operator: And we'll go next to P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So I got 2 questions. One on Kingsport and one in Longview. At Kingsport, I think you were working on this project to convert your coal feedstock into partly, a natural gas. Where do you stand on that? And then on Longview, for your fourth cracker startup, do you need a long-term off peak [indiscernible] contract agreement?
James P. Rogers: Let me hit Kingsport. It's not the feedstock. It is for energy, converting our major powerhouse from coal to gas. And so we're going to -- for energy purposes, we're going to be about half coal, half gas. That's proceeding on pace. We haven't started fooling around with steel and concrete, et cetera, but that's going to go in-line with what we would want to have done for regulatory reasons anyway. But remember, the feedstocks coal, we gasify coal, that's always going to stay that way. In Longview, on the -- you were breaking up a little bit, P.J., so I didn't quite understand what you were asking about the fourth cracker.
P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, do you need a long-term customer agreement for off peak?
James P. Rogers: Yes, let me say it this way, we're not looking to be a bigger merchant player in ethylene. So when you say do we need a long-term agreement, whatever we do with a partner is going to be a long-term -- it's going to be a long-term arrangement, whether we continue to own that cracker and operate it or we sell the cracker or what we do with our excess ethylene. But whatever we do is going to be a long-term solution that's not going to be spot market exposure.
P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And there was a lot of discussion on the tire market. Can you just breakdown for us your tire exposure to commercial trucks versus passenger cars?
James P. Rogers: Yes, commercial is larger than passenger. I don't remember it. What do we -- do we use to say 60-40 or something? I mean, obviously, more than that?
Gregory A. Riddle: Yes. It's more than that.
James P. Rogers: More than that, okay. So yes, it's more commercial. But thanks for your question, P.J.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from John Roberts [ph] with UBS.
Unknown Analyst: You've got a core group of people who's doing a great job on the integration activities. Do you disband them back into the organization as you work through that or does this sort of set up a challenge for you to try to find some other things to keep these people active on integrating?
James P. Rogers: Let me just say you guys on that side of the call, you actually do know something about how to run businesses. A lot of the questions you've been asking is exactly the kind of conversations we have had internally and that is -- that's another one where you got some synergy having a group together and then the issue is: Do you think you can keep them fully occupied? Curt -- and this is really Curt's baby, so let me have Curt on the line.
Curtis E. Espeland: What we're thinking through is just different scenarios by which you don't know how your M&A pipeline is going to play out so how do you keep that capability within your house. And there's different ways you can deploy them to keep them busy and if a project comes along, you can put them to work on integration. And I'd have to say, our people are just excited about the integration efforts. They're demonstrating their capabilities and I think we'll keep that talent available should we need it.
Unknown Analyst: And then just as a follow-up, it sounds like you're completely dismissing the e-cigarette phenomena. Which may be correct, but I've got some friends and family who really love the product. And sometimes, electronic devices come down in price really fast because of the learning curve and scale, they go up. And so I just wanted to do a gut check that, that's something that you really don't think is on the horizon anytime soon?
James P. Rogers: Yes. I wouldn't use the word dismissing. We probably look at things at a depth and sooner than just about anybody else would when it comes to our Fibers business. But I would say that there is a comfort level that, in the near to intermediate term, we can pretty much see how demand and supply is going to flow. It's probably the most predictable market we're in. And so again, I never take anything for granted, I don't dismiss it. But I think we're fairly comfortable we're going to need that capacity that we're adding in China.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay, thanks again for joining us this morning. A web replay and a replay in downloadable MP3 format will be available on our website beginning approximately 11:00 a.m. Thanks again and have a great day.
Operator: And, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-01 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory A. Riddle - Director of Investor Relations James P. Rogers - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Research Division Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Andrew W. Cash - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Nils-Bertil Wallin - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Christopher J. Nocella - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on Eastman's website, www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay, thank you, Tiffany, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Jim Rogers, Chairman and CEO; Curt Espeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Josh Morgan, Manager, Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover 4 items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's fourth quarter and full year 2012 financial results news release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Form 10-Q, for the third quarter 2012 and our Form 10-K to be filed for 2012. Second, earnings per share and operating earnings referenced in this presentation exclude mark-to-market pension and OPEB losses and gains, Solutia acquisition-related costs and asset impairments and restructuring charges and gains. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded items, are available in our fourth quarter full-year financial results news release, which can be found in the Investors section of our website, eastman.com. Third, this presentation includes revenues and operating earnings on a pro forma combined basis, assuming the acquisition of Solutia had been completed prior to first quarter 2011 that compare post-acquisition results to pre-acquisition pro forma combined results. More information on pro forma combined results is in our fourth quarter and full-year financial results news release. Lastly, we have posted slides that accompany our remarks for this morning's call on our website in the Presentations and Events section. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James P. Rogers: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. I'll begin on Page 3, and the numbers are in. We had another outstanding year in 2012, the latest in a series of outstanding years, reflecting the significant improvements we've made, which have resulted in Eastman becoming a portfolio of specialty businesses. There were numerous accomplishments throughout the year, with some of the more significant listed here. We began the year by announcing the Solutia acquisition, and with Solutia, we have broadened our global footprint, brought together complementary and adjacent technologies and diversified our end markets. We believe we're in the early stages of seeing the significant value that this acquisition will bring to Eastman. We also continue to add capacity in key markets where there's a secular trend driving growth and where we have a technology advantage. A couple of examples from 2012. As the market continues to switch from plasticizers with phthalates to non-phthalate plasticizers, we completed the retrofit of an asset we acquired from Sterling to our proprietary Eastman 168 non-phthalate plasticizer. Earlier in the year, we started our second line of Tritan copolyester, and Tritan volume increased almost 25% in 2012, as it penetrates markets, including medical and durable goods with a superior value proposition. And as passengers demand improved features in the cars they drive, including noise reduction, we increased capacity in Belgium of our advanced Saflex PVB sheet, which offers enhanced acoustics performance among other properties. Going forward, we'll continue to meet the needs of our customers with expansions in growing markets. Moving next to the earnings growth. With 2012 EPS of $5.38, we've delivered greater than 20% compounded annual growth for EPS over the past 2 years and nearly 40% over the past 3. And given the strength of our cash generation and the importance we place on returning cash to shareholders, in December, our board increased our dividend to 15%. And I remind you, this is our third increase in 2 years, and we have increased the dividend 36% since the beginning of 2010. Going next to Slide 4. As is my normal practice on these calls, I'll take just a few minutes to hold us accountable and review some of our key outlook statements for '12. As previously mentioned, we closed the Solutia acquisition in 2012, doing so on July 2, thereby meeting the mid-year commitment we made to you last January when the deal was announced. Next, in October, we raised our full year 2012 EPS expectation to a range of $5.30 to $5.40, and then reiterated that expectation at our Investor Day in December. We came in at the high end of that range, and I'll talk more about that in a moment. We also indicated we expected to generate $1 billion of free cash flow in 2012 and 2013 combined. With our cash generation in 2012 and our expectations for 2013, we are on track to exceed this projection, as Curt will cover in his section. Lastly, we committed to being disciplined in our capital allocation, and if you look at how we put capital to work through the year and really over the last several years, I think you'll agree we've been disciplined and focused on returns. Overall, 2012 was a terrific year for Eastman, and it has positioned us well for profitable growth going forward. On Slide 5, I'll review the Eastman corporate results for the fourth quarter. Pro forma combined operating earnings increased significantly, fourth quarter 2012 versus fourth quarter 2011, as lower raw material and energy costs more than offset lower selling prices. The earnings increase was broad-based with almost every segment showing a year-over-year increase, and our operating margin increased 370 basis points to 15%. Fourth quarter EPS was $1.19, an increase of more than 50% over the year-ago quarter. As many of you know, fourth quarter has not always been our best, and I'm smiling as I say that, but I hope you'll agree that this is a very strong performance in an uncertain global economic environment. Moving next to the full year results on Slide 6. Pro forma combined operating earnings increased in 2012 as lower raw material and energy costs more than offset lower selling prices and higher operating costs, particularly for labor and maintenance. As was the case in the fourth quarter, the earnings increase was broad-based with almost every segment showing improvement. In addition, our operating margin for the year was 16.3%, a 90 basis point improvement over 2011. Full year EPS was $5.38, on the high end of the range we provided you back in October, and a record for Eastman Chemical Company. This is now the third year in a row that we have delivered double-digit earnings growth, the first time in our history as a public company that we've been able to achieve that. Given our portfolio of specialty businesses, we are well-positioned to continue to deliver double-digit earnings growth in the coming years. Now I'll start on the segments with Slide 7, where I'll begin with Additives & Functional Products. For both fourth quarter and full year, operating earnings increased year-over-year mainly due to lower raw material and energy costs, partially offset by lower selling prices, which were mostly in the solvent product lines. Within the segments, solvents product lines had the strongest 2012, mainly due to 3 factors. First, we've been taking action over the last several years to leverage our assets with a better product mix, and we're starting to see the benefits from these actions. Second, there's high capacity utilization in the U.S. for the industry, as no significant capacity has been added for the last several years. Key end markets, including autos, are rebounding, and the strong shale gas position in the U.S. is enabling exports globally. And third, solvents continue to benefit from producing versus purchasing olefins, and for solvents, this is mainly propylene. For full year 2013, we expect Additives & Functional Products to have another strong year, increasing operating earnings to approximately $410 million, driven by solvents product lines continuing to see strong volumes and gradual improvements in the tires market, partially offset by higher benzene costs for our anti-degradants product lines. Moving next to Slide 8 in Adhesives & Plasticizers. Fourth quarter operating earnings increased slightly, as lower raw material and energy costs and an 8% increase in sales volume more than offset lower selling prices. The higher sales volume was a result of continued substitution of phthalate plasticizers with Eastman's non-phthalate plasticizers. Full year operating earnings also increased, primarily due to a 5% increase in sales volume, which was partially offset by higher operating costs, including labor and maintenance and costs associated with the start-up of non-phthalate plasticizer assets at our Texas City facility. Looking forward to 2013, we expect Adhesives & Plasticizers to increase operating earnings to approximately $280 million, primarily due to continued growth in the non-phthalate plasticizers. Advanced Materials is on Slide 9. Fourth quarter operating earnings declined year-over-year due to lower capacity utilization, which was primarily the result of efforts to reduce inventory in the PVB sheet and specialty materials product lines, as well as weakened demand in specialty copolyesters. For the full year, operating earnings declined due to lower capacity utilization and additional costs related to expansions. And as a reminder, we increased capacity for Tritan copolyester, cellulose triacetate, to serve the displays markets, Saflex and Flexvue to serve the electronics market during the year. Looking forward to '13, we expect Advanced Materials to increase operating earnings to approximately $250 million due to increased volume in both specialty materials and performance films, higher value product mix in Advanced Interlayers and improvements in fixed cost absorption as we begin to fill out recent expansions. Next is Fibers on Slide 10. And once again, they delivered an outstanding year. Earnings in both the fourth quarter and for the full year increased due to higher selling prices, with the increased selling prices for the full year partially offset by higher raw material and energy costs, particularly for wood pulp, and higher operating cost. Sales volume declined both for the quarter and the year within the acetate yarn product line, and was a result of overall weak demand in the apparel market. Through 2012, the Fiber segment has now grown earnings for 9 consecutive years, and we expect 2013 to mark a decade of consecutive earnings growth due to continued strong acetate tow volume and higher selling prices. I'll finish out the segments on Slide 11 with Specialty Fluids & Intermediates. Fourth quarter operating earnings nearly doubled compared with the year-ago period, as margins increased due to lower raw material and energy costs, particularly for propane, more than offsetting lower selling prices. For the full year, operating earnings increased by almost 30%, and the story is similar, as lower raw material costs more than offset lower prices and higher operating costs. The operating margin for the year was 14.5%, right in the middle of the 13% to 16% range we expect for this segment. Looking forward to 2013, we expect operating earnings for Specialty Fluids & Intermediates to be approximately $380 million, as olefin spreads are improving so far in 2013, and we also expect improved volume and mix in fluids. One other item I want to cover here is our thoughts about actions we may take at our facility in Longview, Texas, including the one cracking unit that's currently shut down. And we've had a team working on options for a number of months now as they are currently engaged -- I should say, and they are currently engaged with multiple external parties that have strong interest in a variety of different options. And these options include some of the parties potentially building a derivative plant at our Longview site. While it is difficult to predict timing, one common theme, as we've been in discussions with third parties, is an interest in getting something done the first half of this year, an interest we share. So for now, we see value in the options we are discussing and we will provide more details when we can talk about it. That brings me to Slide 12 and an update on our Perennial Wood growth initiative. In here, we're shifting our strategy for Perennial Wood in 2013 and narrow the focus down, as a result, reduce the spend for this growth initiative. The change in strategy is due to the insights we obtained by launching into what was, frankly, a difficult building and construction market, particularly for decking, in the first half of 2012. It's also due to the refining of our technology, which gives us an improved coating for our decking product. In 2013, we will narrow our decking marketing program to the Boston market and by the end of 2013, we'll be in a position to reassess this growth initiative and determine the best path forward. We remain confident in the value proposition of our Perennial Wood product and believe that the additional market understanding that we'll gain in 2013 will position us to make the best decision for this initiative by the end of the year. I'll end on Slide 13 with our outlook for 2013. As I mentioned at the beginning of my remarks, 2012 was the latest in a series of strong years for Eastman Chemical Company, and we're confident that in 2013, we will build on this strength. Our world-class technology platforms and leading positions in attractive end markets position us well to continue to deliver consistent superior value. And we enter 2013 with a number of tailwinds, including excellent progress on the integration of Solutia, expansions, capital expansions, serving customers in growing end markets and the increased benefit of producing versus purchasing olefins. We also know global economic uncertainty continues, and Curt will speak more to the economic assumptions that underlie our expectations. When we put this all together, the result is that we are increasing our 2013 guidance to a range of $6.30 to $6.40, which would be growth of between 17% and 19% over 2012. This would mean that we would have grown EPS from about $2 in 2009 to well over $6 in 2013, and I think with a clear path to EPS of approximately $8 in 2015. Now with that, I'll turn it over to Curt.
Curtis E. Espeland: Okay. Jim, thank you. Good morning, everyone. I'll begin on Slide 15 by reviewing some financial highlights for 2012. Cash from operations in 2012 was $1.1 billion. This is well above our 2011 total of $625 million, and is built off of a solid base of earnings, good discipline with working capital and the expected use of NOLs acquired from Solutia of approximately $150 million in the year. Within these free cash flows, we spent $465 million in capital expenditures, which was slightly more than our guidance earlier of $450 million. We also paid dividends of $192 million, which includes the $45 million of accelerated dividend payments the board authorized to pay stockholders on December 31. With the strong free cash flow generation, we paid a total of $250 million on the $1.2 billion acquisition term loan, and ended the year with $249 million in cash. Thus, our net debt at the end of 2012 was $4.5 billion. Next, I'll mention several items that impacted our fourth quarter results and that are excluded from our non-GAAP results. During fourth quarter 2012, Eastman recognized a mark-to-market loss for pension and other postretirement benefit plans of $276 million. This was due to a reduction in the company's assumed weighted average discount rate versus prior year, partially offset by an increase in the pension asset values. In addition, we also had asset impairment and restructuring charges of $83 million primarily related to 4 items. First was termination of an operating agreement with a third-party site in Brazil and related facility closure costs. This site produces Santoflex anti-degradants and Saflex PVB resin. We will continue to meet customer demand with our other global manufacturing sites. Second was discontinuance of the company's project to modify existing coal-based utility assets in order to meet recently enacted environmental regulations, and instead changing 50% of our furnace capacity to be fueled with natural gas. Third was inventory and other costs related to the change in strategy for Perennial Wood that Jim just covered earlier. And lastly, severance related to the acquisition and integration of Solutia. Finally, we had costs of $11 million related to the Solutia acquisition in the form of integration and costs related to the step-up of inventory. Moving next to Slide 16 and our key assumptions for 2013 to help you with your models. Consistent with the outlook discussed at our December 2012 Investor Day, we expect global GDP in 2013 to be slightly above 2%, with the U.S. staying steady and coming in around 2%, Europe close to 0 for the full year and China near 8%. For the tax rate, we expect our 2013 rate to be approximately 31.5% with the exception of first quarter where we will see a $10 million benefit from several business tax credits recently extended by the Congress that will bring our net rate to slightly below 31%, all in, for 2013. We also expect to see a decrease in other corporate costs of $25 million in 2013 primarily to reduce spend in Perennial Wood, and we expect the fully diluted share count to be approximately 157 million shares for the year. Moving next to Slide 17, where I'd like to give you some sense of how Eastman is working hard on multiple fronts to deliver consistent year-over-year earnings growth. Jim highlighted the remarkable earnings improvement the company has made the last several years. Our evolution to a portfolio of specialty businesses will significantly contribute to more consistent earnings growth. We believe this is the key attribute to being valued as a specialty chemical company. We recognize, within our portfolio, there are some product lines that are more commodity-like in nature and other factors that could impact our ability to contribute to more consistent earnings growth. Thus, we have taken additional actions. First and foremost, our heritage businesses have worked hard the last 5-plus years improving our pricing systems, contracting strategies and commercial capabilities. This ensures we are able to work with our customers to deliver on our value proposition. If products are less differentiated, we try to tie pricing to underlying raw materials. We enter into multiple-year agreements to help lift the trough, while reducing the upside, et cetera. We are bringing these same disciplines to enhance the practices of our recently acquired businesses. In addition, we have an ongoing hedging program that we will use to help our businesses manage raw material volatility, and to allow time for prices to adjust. We will, in some limited cases, also hedge the margins on some of our bulk olefin sales. For example, we have locked in approximately 50% of our bulk ethylene sales at margins similar to 2012. We will also hedge currencies on a short-term tactical basis and in some cases, longer-term strategic basis, with the goal to remove volatility in earnings due to currencies. You can see this at work with our 2012 revenues, which declined by just over 1% due to exchange rate movements. And we are continuously working to improve productivity both to reduce our overall costs, but also to identify opportunities to reduce volatility in earnings and cash flows. I highlight this today just to reemphasize the focus of the men and women at Eastman is to deliver consistent year-over-year earnings growth. Next, moving to Slide 18, and an update on Solutia integration. As the slide indicates, we remain well on track with integration efforts. For the cost synergies, we closed 2012 at greater than $50 million on a run-rate basis, and we have every expectation that number will exceed $100 million on a run-rate basis by the end of 2013. On tax synergies, we are well on our way to use more than half of the $1.3 billion of NOLs, starting the second half of 2012, and extending through the end of 2014. We have also put in place initial tax structures to lower the effective tax rate, and we will continue to pursue other opportunities for further improvement. Not included on this slide, but worth noting, are the revenue synergies. While these are no -- longer term in nature and more difficult to quantify at this point, I believe we have upside in this category and that we'll further strengthen this value -- this will further strengthen the value of this transaction. As I've mentioned before, we have successfully retained key talent. For example, we've retained 97% of critical key talent identified, and we continue to be impressed with the capabilities our new employees are bringing to the Eastman team. Finally, a functional consolidation remains on track with the system integrations that are currently under way. On Slide 19, I'll walk you through our current estimate for free cash flow. We currently project operating cash flows of roughly $1.3 billion in 2013. This is due to continued strength in earnings. This cash flow will also be impacted by cash outflows related to increased working capital as a result of increased sales and larger geographic footprint, funding of balance sheet accruals, such as the annual environmental funding of roughly $35 million for legacy solution sites and restructuring accruals such as that related to the termination of the Brazilian operating agreement. We will have some additional Solutia restructuring and integration costs that are excluded from our earnings projections, but will impact our operating cash flows, and finally, the level of contributions to our U.S. defined benefit plans, which is currently estimated to be approximately $120 million. We expect capital expenditures to be approximately $525 million this year. This capital includes both growth capital and infrastructure capital. In 2013, we expect an increase in infrastructure capital, as we integrate recently acquired sites, initiate the change with coal-based furnaces in Kingsport and other needs. In regards to our Kingsport facility, we currently use coal-based furnaces to provide electricity and steam generation for this site. As we evaluated both operating and capital costs to maintain this furnaces, we have elected to convert 50% of our capacity to natural gas. We have signed an agreement with Spectra Energy to expand their natural gas pipeline to our site. The capital required for this conversion is approximately $90 million, and is expected to be completed in 2016. This capital cost is significantly lower than what would have been required to modify the underlying coal-based furnaces to meet changing regulations. I would like you to note this has no impact on our coal gasification process, and Eastman will continue to use coal in the future as both an energy source and a raw material. Our capital expenditures will be weighted more towards the second half of the year due to normal operational trends, as well as the timing of our key growth projects such as the planned Crystex and PVB resin expansions in Malaysia. Putting this all together, we expect free cash flow generation to be between $600 million and $650 million in 2013, with the midpoint of this range representing a growth rate of greater than 30% over 2012 levels. Just to close on Slide 20, I'll remind you of our disciplined approach to capital allocation. Already mentioned, we expect capital expenditures of $525 million, which is similar, quite honestly, to 2012 when you factor in the $51 million Solutia spent prior to the close of the acquisition. This reflects our commitment to continue to pursue attractive organic growth projects across our portfolio. On the debt side, we paid down $250 million of the $1.2 billion acquisition term loan in 2012 and expect to pay down a significant portion of the remaining balance in 2013. This remains a priority for cash in 2013. On joint ventures and acquisitions, we will be progressing with our 2 announced joint ventures: the acetate total joint venture with China National Tobacco Corporation, expected to be online mid-2013, and the Regalite hydrogenated hydrocarbon resin JV with Sinopec, expected online in 2014. In addition, we will continue to evaluate opportunities for strategic bolt-ons. Lastly, we expect to continue returning cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases in order to offset dilution. During 2013, we will probably be a little bit behind offsetting current and expected dilution, but we should be in a position to offset dilution and then some by the end of the year and going into 2014. With that, thank you for your interest in Eastman Chemical Company, and I'll turn it back over to Greg.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay, thanks, Curt. Tiffany, this concludes our prepared remarks and we are now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Duffy Fischer of Barclays.
Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Research Division: The question I had, we've had pretty steep propylene pop in January, and people are thinking there's going to be another move in February. I guess, for you guys, can you talk about the key propylene derivatives and how you think those markets will pass on that price increase? I mean, where you will be able to get it quickest and how long that lag will be?
James P. Rogers: Sure, Duffy, and it's one of those things where, as we move to more of a specialty, I would have thought we'd be spending less and less time on this. On the other hand, I must admit, I'm enjoying the exposure we have at this time because you're right. Fourth quarter, we got helped with propane, particularly, staying down and then this quarter, it looks like we're going to get helped with the other end of the spread, with propylene moving up. And by the way, we're just in January. So I try not to get too carried away about what the spread's going to do this year. One of the key places you see it is in our solvents business, the propylene that shows up in the functional products, the Additives & Functional Products segment. I guess, as I look at it, there's a range. The other place would be in our intermediates business. But as I look at it, it's a range of how far downstream you are, how much transparency the customers have. Certainly, I think we're much better at pricing and moving things along quickly. It'll depend again by how much it's specialty, how much it's commodity, but we'll definitely see the effects of this move in propylene in those 2 segments in the first quarter. And some will then flow over into the second quarter because of the lag. But it's hard to break out, just do -- would you average in 1 month, 2 months, 3 months. In the past, it's been as long as 3 months. I think we're much faster than that now.
Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then the changeover at Kingsport to gas, why half -- I mean, it seems like kind of half pregnant. If it made sense, why not go 100%? Or was it -- that was just enough to get you over the hurdle, what you needed to do, regulatory-wise?
James P. Rogers: So you're one of those poker players who always goes all-in on every hand?
Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Well, unfortunately, sometimes wrongly.
James P. Rogers: No, I mean, we try and be judicious. We -- one of the main drivers was the whole regulatory environment, not only what we're facing with Boiler MACT and something called BART, but just trying to look down the road a few years as to where do we think this country is going. In the past, we've always looked at it, and coal was always so advantaged that you just swallowed hard and paid all the regulatory changes you had to make, paid for all those changes. Now with the outlook for natural gas and as compared to Central Appalachian coal, it's really a push on the economics. So then you go to the capital cost, and Curt gave it to you, $90 million compared to something that was probably a couple of hundred million north of that for getting coal in compliance. So you knew you were going to do something. Then the issue is how much do you do. This amount allows us to avoid that capital, meets all our regulatory requirements and then some. Plus, frankly, we tend to like the idea of being -- for our energy needs here at our major site, half gas, half coal. We think that kind of plays to what we talk about so many other places, in terms of being diversified and trying to smooth out earnings. So net-net, a good result. It's a shame, in a way, we had to eat, I think, $17 million, but we couldn't just sit on our hands earlier. We had to get going on the engineering to be in compliance to meet the timeline. And then, of course, the world for shale gas just moved, gas prices moved, and we got a much better alternative so we had to scrap the plans to change our boilers over.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Bob Koort of Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could give us a little more granularity on what's going on in 2 of the key markets from the Solutia acquisition, maybe on a regionalized basis for both auto and tires.
James P. Rogers: We can. Frankly, there's some other players out there who have been out ahead of us who have done a pretty good breakdown, guys who are directly in that market and almost totally dependent on that market, you might say, but I don't think you're going to get any new insights from us. But as we look at tires around the world, obviously, the States is coming back. Europe is still very much down, negative again this year in '13, and Asia seems to be improving. One distinction I'll draw, so that you don't just think about auto builds, is realize we're more dependent on, frankly, commercial activity because of the truck tires being more important to us than the car tires. So that's one comment I can probably make globally, is I think we're still at a lower level of commercial activity. And so when I think about a business like Crystex, to me, it just seems like such a great business, and we're not getting to see it shine. So I was trying to think of an analogy. It's like having this champion surfer, and right now, we just have 2- and 3-foot waves and we keep waiting for the big waves to come so we can see what this businesses can really do. Plus we've got a Kuantan expansion that we'll probably get going on later this year that's going to make some fairly dramatic changes in their cost position in terms of their fixed costs, their variable costs. We'll be able to go back and retrofit existing sites for that. So while I think we've got a fantastic business, the markets are not allowing us to show just how good that is. What was the other -- was there something else besides tires you wanted to hear about?
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just autos generally, but my suspicion is you'll give me the same response. So let me ask a different question, if I might, which is, in the context of your 2% global GDP, can you give us a sense of where you see volume growth across the division?
James P. Rogers: Yes, I mean, what you want to drive is volume growth in everything, except maybe Fibers. You won't see it until they get their JV on because they're running so hard right now. I mean, just volume, in general, Bob. I wish we'd had a little more this past year, frankly, but there was some things that slowed us down. And net-net, I can't complain too much. I mean, I think we had a really good year. We need to get the volume growth going in the future. Most of it will hinge upon capacity additions so getting more hydrogenated hydrocarbon resins, getting that thing going in China will be fairly significant for us, filling out the lines we've already built, like Tritan and CTA, and we'll get volume growth and mix change with the acoustic interlayers, because that's a great product and that ought to be growing nicely. Would you want to add anything, Greg?
Gregory A. Riddle: [indiscernible]
James P. Rogers: Yes, that's -- we've been talking about that. That one, I think I can count on for some time to come is the switch on the plasticizer side. Realize, too, that we got a couple of competitors out there. We didn't put it in our prepared remarks, but SK came on with some copoly volume this past year. Kalama came on with some volume in the benzoate plasticizer arena, and so we're trying to be smart about how we make pricing volume choices this past year to preserve as much shareholder value as they go to fill up some of those expansions. But, for example, I think Specialty Plastics business, which we don't break out anymore, but they came under some pressure this year because of what I just said about SK, and they wanted to work down some inventories at year end. I expect that Specialty Plastics business to have -- get back to setting a record in 2013 again for earnings so -- and that will demand some volume growth, so things like Tritan will have to continue to grow, which it will.
Operator: We'll take our next call from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Jim, the entire -- was the entire guidance increase versus December, was that due -- just due to the propane-propylene spread being wider earlier in the year?
James P. Rogers: It was due to the fact that I didn't think you guys would let me stay where we were. I mean, I'm only 1 month into the year. So I got to tell you, we felt a little sheepish, having just stood in front of all of you in December, and then we come out 6 weeks later or whatever, and we said, "Hey, we're probably going to do a little better than we told you." But yes, that was the major change I could point to is just propylene moving up, and we're going to get it in price. I mean, we deserve it and that's what's going to happen and so...
Curtis E. Espeland: And Jim, if I could add also, we're probably showing a little bit more decline in the corporate other spending because of the Perennial Wood adjustment than we were probably thinking back in December.
James P. Rogers: That's true and -- but a lot of times, people only want to add in the positives, and there's things going the other way. So I got benzene and paraxylene -- the same way propylene is really good, not as big an impact, but benzene and paraxylene hurting us. So we try to pull it all together, and give you our best thoughts just like we did back in December on how we're going to end the year.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And Jim, what were the Perennial Wood losses or costs in 2012?
James P. Rogers: That was -- I'll let Curt give you the specifics, but just on Perennial Wood, I mean, this is still something I like. We just got to be smart about it, and we said our top priority was hitting the earnings goals, and so I'm not going to do anything that -- or say it another way, I'm going to give myself as many cushions as possible to have as high a probability as possible of hitting the earnings targets all the way out to 2015. So we like the product. We got to work on the economics of the product, which includes more than just decking. It gets to what else can you do with the wood, can you -- how do you approach porch flooring and, potentially, siding, furniture, trim, all the other things you can do with a good product like this, and make sure the economics work. But as for the actual change and write-down, Curt?
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes, David, if you look at that $126 million of other corporate costs, which, as you know, is corporate R&D, programs, et cetera, Perennial Wood is roughly $50 million of that number.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And just lastly, Jim, just on Crystex, you mentioned some competitive intensity back in the meeting in December, so maybe some lost share. With the Kuantan expansion and lower variable costs, fixed costs, could you at least maintain, if not grow your share in Crystex this year and going forward?
James P. Rogers: Yes, we'll see. I mean, my top priority is in that business is the value preservation, the setting ourselves up nicely such that when Kuantan comes online and we have that lower cost, we're smart about our position in the marketplace because we're the big guy in the marketplace. And we'll have not only lower cost, but we're probably going to have some additional functionality with our product too, which will be another way of separating our products out from the also-ran guys. So when it comes to share, sometimes you're willing to make trade-offs to make sure you make the right pricing decisions. Long term, I feel like when this industry has to run hard, we'll probably pick up share during that time. So we'll just see. We need a little help though. We need a little help from the marketplace. We need a little more commercial activity, a little more truck tires being sold.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mr. Andrew Cash of SunTrust.
Andrew W. Cash - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I heard your favorable forecast for Advanced Materials for '13. So I'm just curious, if you look at the PVB business, are contract negotiations complete there for this year? And if so, in what quarter would you expect the PVB volume to start increasing?
James P. Rogers: Yes, it's a good question. I don't know. I mean, you identify the business that has the steepest hill to climb over the next year, as well they should. I was pleased with where we got to on the contracting for the interlayers business, I think Mark Costa and his team did a great job there. They told me upfront it was probably a 2-year process to get back to where you want to be in terms of having the right mix with your customers in regions, et cetera. I do think the acoustic product's going to be a big help in terms of improving the mix, which helps your margins, maybe also get you the -- get you back on the volume growth side. Biggest factor is probably outside of my control, and that probably gets back to just general economic activity. So I don't want to try and pick out a quarter, but I like the direction we're going. As you look at that segment though, don't forget about the copoly business, the Specialty Plastics business, and like I said, they took it in the -- how do I want to say this, they took a P&L hit. They took a bit of a P&L hit last year, purposely working down inventories, the right thing to do. The inventories had gotten a little high, and they did a lot of that in the fourth quarter. That can be a pretty powerful contributor as that business comes back strong this year.
Andrew W. Cash - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay, understood. Just to follow up, going back to the propane, could you just put in ballpark figures for us the increase in Eastman's earnings in 2012 as related to the spread between propane and the price of the derivatives?
James P. Rogers: Yes, and you're picking propane, but I guess you mean propane ethane in general or do -- are you really...
Andrew W. Cash - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Yes, the whole complex, yes.
James P. Rogers: Well, we're probably not going to give you the exact number. I can tell you it was significant, and what we say in our statements, Curt, is we try and cap it out for people...
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes, it's less than 20% of our total EBIT.
James P. Rogers: EBIT, yes, less than 20% of EBIT, but it was significant. It was a nice move in our direction.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Nils Wallin with CLSA.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Question on Advanced Materials again. I mean, when you look across the forecast you guys have for 2015 and in margin targets, it's certainly the one that has the longest bridge to get there, the 14%. So what really needs to happen to make sure you can meet this target? And how much relies on macro versus controllable factors and versus your 3 big products: PVB, Tritan and CTA?
James P. Rogers: Yes, so I'll make a couple of comments. Greg may want to chime in, too, because he's sitting over here, looking at me like he's got a better answer than I do. But I mean, like I said on the last question, I mean, they got a steep hill to climb. They're very confident, by the way, though. I mean, when you look at the EBITDA percentage that they have to grow, it's nowhere near the same. Because they got a pretty big installed base and they got capacity they can fill out that we've added. And so you ought to see a faster ramp-up as they fill up something like the CTA line, et cetera, the interlayer capacity we had. And it's also a place where, in particular, the interlayers, where Europe has held them down below what I would say is a normal -- kind of normally how that business should look. So partly, you're looking for Europe to come back out of the doldrums and partly, you're looking to fill up capacity you've already built, and so they should be levered to faster growth in the EBIT line than perhaps some of the other businesses.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And back on the Specialty Plastics, I know that you mentioned the SK expansion, but it seems like there has been lower utilization and weak demand all year. Is there any type of share shifts? I mean, in the past, copolyester was kind of the tween-er between acrylics and polycarbonate. Has any -- has there been any kind of end product share shift between those two that might also be affecting demand on the copolyester side?
James P. Rogers: Well, I'd say -- we said we thought demand was off some. So I had a little bit of double -- really, a triple whammy. I had a competitor filling up some capacity. We had probably soft end-market demand, although I wouldn't say really losing anything to polycarbonate, for sure, because polycarbonate, of course, is struggling with that headwind of high benzene costs. And then we had intentional working down the inventories, which that was not insignificant. That had a pretty good P&L impact. So I think copoly with Tritan, in particular, Tritan's taking share from other competitors, other plastics. I don't know, Greg, what would you -- anything you want to add to that?
Gregory A. Riddle: Nope, nope. I think that's it. I mean, the packaging...
James P. Rogers: Did I scare you off from saying something?
Gregory A. Riddle: I'd say the packaging market has been soft for a while.
James P. Rogers: Yes, that's true.
Gregory A. Riddle: That's affecting, not just copolyester, but a lot of different products.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay, and then just finally, is -- acetate yarn has had some issues in the past year. Obviously, your tow is doing fantastic and you've got expansions there. Is there a point when acetate yarn is no longer core for you? Or is there anything there that in terms of the integration of your facilities that even if you might not want to be in the business anymore it's going to be hard to disaggregate it?
James P. Rogers: Well, others have clearly exited. So it's a logical question. I wouldn't necessarily use the word core, but it sure helps us run our stream better. I mean, so could we move from yarn to just tow? Yes, we could. But right now, the economics are in favor of us staying in the yarn market. I mean, it's a positive cash contributor even -- in fact, it's never been a negative cash. It's always been positive cash and absorbs cost, helps us run the lines full, and even when the EFO on that business is negative. The other thing I'd say is it's really just not that big anymore. So if I was sitting outside the company, I wouldn't spend a lot of time on yarn. We feel compelled to talk about it because it can move things at the margins but, of course, the big horse is the tow and then the acetyl intermediates, the flake that we sell.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mr. Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Two questions. First, could you just give us a little bit of update on the contracts with Saflex and Crystex? I know, in particular, you were talking back in December about trying to get some improvements in the structure of that going into '13. So just first on that. And then, secondly -- why don't we go with that first?
James P. Rogers: Yes. Yes, and I'll only give you, oh, so much color other than to say I'm pleased, which hopefully, that carries some weight. It is, I realize, a 2-year process. I would say we've done a better job than has been done in the past of segmenting out the really key customers, the ones that are important to us, working with them, where do they see value added, where should be thinking multi-year, how should we be thinking about pricing structure with those customers, and I can tell you I'm pleased. I mean, Mark Costa has been personally involved out there with some of this, and we're building relationships quickly. We're approaching it differently perhaps than they did in the past in terms of not just working with the purchasing department, but really wanting to be in there with technology and the whole gestalt, if I could, so -- and we try and make smart trade-offs between volume and price, and you don't chase volume in Asia just because you want to say you're growing in Asia. You take volume in Asia when you can make money there. And we respect all our customers, all regions of the world, but we know where our bread is buttered. And that's what this past contracting strategy reflects, and that's true for -- I guess, I mainly had Saflex in mind once I was talking, but Crystex would be something similar.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And just as a sort of separate follow-up, you mentioned SAP integration in the prepared remarks, and you might have talked about this in the past, I just don't remember. But can you remind us, which -- either you had SAP or Solutia had it or neither of you had it or what's the process that you're doing?
James P. Rogers: And I'm going to let Curt comment on that. I just want to make a general comment about integration, and then I'll let Curt talk about it because Curt's one of the guys driving it. I would have guessed that by now, I would have had some kind of disappointment in the integration. I mean, I've been around a while, and to do an acquisition this size, usually something doesn't go the way you want. So I knock on wood as I say it, but it's -- this has been a good one. This one's going the right way. We're hitting our milestones. We're hitting -- we're exceeding our costs and revenue synergy goals, and so I like what we see. On SAP, Curt?
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes, if you look at just briefly on SAP, they had -- part of their shop was on SAP so we're migrating that over. That would be in Advanced Interlayers. Another part of their portfolio, which are the Tech Specialties was -- Solutia was even under a path of getting ready to convert that over to SAP, and that is one we will continue. Those are the 2 big horses we convert in 2013.
James P. Rogers: And we're an SAP house...
Curtis E. Espeland: And we're an SAP house.
James P. Rogers: Single-instance, global SAP house. Everything's on SAP.
Curtis E. Espeland: A lot of good talent on both sides of the house on SAP, and we know how to get this done.
Operator: We'll take our next call from Mr. Chris Nocella, RBC Capital Markets.
Christopher J. Nocella - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Oxo alcohol prices have been strong in Asia recently, and I saw you guys put an announcement out as well. Is this just a push-through of propylene? Or are you guys seeing particular strength here?
James P. Rogers: No. There is strength in the markets that picked up in the fourth quarter. And of course, we got an operation in Singapore, and that's been doing better. That had one of its better fourth quarters in some time the way I remember it. So there's definitely strength in that market, as well as you have the wind of -- tailwind this time of what's going on with propylene.
Christopher J. Nocella - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, and there's also been some talk amongst your peers over the last couple of days about improvement in China. You guys had a nice 6% to 7% growth in that region the last couple of quarters. Are you seeing a pickup kind of as we're sitting here today in that business? Or is it just trending along the same trajectory?
James P. Rogers: No, I think you'd have to say it's picked up. I mean, I don't have January results. What I've got so far, as I've looked at kind of how the year's kicking off with volumes. And one, there's pretty much an uptick everywhere, except maybe the adhesives business; but two, I'd say Asia is definitely picking up.
Operator: We will take our next question from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Jim, Curt, your margins in Additives & Functional Products have held up quite well despite the weak tire demand that you talked about. So are Crystex margins holding up? Or are coatings margins coming in to help out with the raw material benefit that they have?
James P. Rogers: Both, but more the latter. This is where we talk about the solvents, as well as some of the old pieces of CASPI, some of the additives from CASPI, and it's quite, quite strong right now. You know our North American presence is good, and what you're going to see more of, not just us, you're going to see more of is with this -- with what's going on with natural gas in this country, you're going to see products being globally competitive that in the past logistics might have held you back, and now you're going to be shipping some of the stuff around the world.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, and can you just make a comment on the Crystex margins, please?
James P. Rogers: I guess I would say more holding their own, holding steady is probably the best way to think about that.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then a couple of things on ethylene. You mentioned about the restart of the cracker and the derivative unit at Longview. At today's raw material prices, can you just ballpark the impact?
James P. Rogers: Of if you restarted the cracker?
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes.
James P. Rogers: Yes, hard to do because what we're talking to people about is that you wouldn't just the run the cracker and then sell the output. You would probably -- I think I had it in my prepared remarks, you can probably put something additional on our site and take it to a derivative. But look at it this way, we're running now on 3 crackers. Cracker 4 is the larger of the 2. This would be equivalent to 1 of the 2 smaller crackers. I don't know, we can --- you can probably back into the volume impact of a cracker.
Curtis E. Espeland: It's about 300 million pounds.
James P. Rogers: 300 million pounds and so then you can do your math, P.J.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, and then, Curt, did you say that you locked in ethylene sales at 2012 margins and the margins...
Curtis E. Espeland: We have. Well, let me just make sure we break it -- if you think about our total ethylene that we produce, about half of which we consume and put down into our derivatives, that remaining half is what we call bulk ethylene, and about 50% of that, we have locked in at 2012 spreads.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: No, my point was 2012 margins were great, but in 2013 here, margins have gone up even higher, so you wouldn't see that benefit?
Curtis E. Espeland: For that -- well, a couple of comments, first of all, they've been -- they were great in December and early January, they've pulled back a little bit since. But yes, the comment's going to be, of that 50% of bulk ethylene sales, we've locked it in, and we won't see the upside or the downside [indiscernible].
James P. Rogers: And I'll take your guarantee that they're going to stay strong the rest of the year. I really appreciate that.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo Securities.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Hey, Jim, I lost some money today. I bet my team that the CEO spotlight was going to feature Greg for running a successful Investor Day, and in fact, you stopped it altogether. Did anybody at Eastman deserve the CEO spotlight?
James P. Rogers: I thought about that, and then what I've been told is our prepared remarks already go long to the point that you guys don't always get all your questions in. So honestly, if I was going to do it today, I would have done it on the integration team. So I'll do a 3-second: Integration team doing an excellent job, by Curt and Mark, and seriously, I am pleased with that. That is just going about as good as you could expect.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Well, regardless, I lost money anyway since you didn't highlight Greg. Curt, I find it rather curious that you talked about on track to exceed $1 billion in free cash flow, yet, you're going to fall behind in terms of offsetting dilution on the share count and you're going to get to the share buybacks kind of later in the year. Can you expand upon that?
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes, what I mean by that is just simply with some of the dilution that occurred in the fourth quarter, probably expect some additional dilution the start of the year, the timing is such that our buyback, as you've heard me talk before, is I got to make a little more progress on the deleveraging before we start fully doing all those purchases. So it's just a matter of timing, and how the math works on the '13 calculation. But by the end of the year, we'll be there and then some.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: All right, okay, fine. And then you also talked about you think that there's upside in terms of Solutia revenue synergies. Can you expand upon that?
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes, if I look at the synergies, the ballpark of $100 million off of their original revenue base is about 5% of revenues -- or 5% of revenue. So when we look at the project listing that this integration team is managing, there's different levels of probability. So when we talk about the 5% of revenue, the $100 million, we're highly confident in that number. As you go down the level of probability of success for the remainder, is it possible we can get to 6% of revenue? Yes. Is there a chance we can get to 7% of revenue? Possibly.
James P. Rogers: He was talking about revenue synergy, too, though.
Curtis E. Espeland: Oh, you're talking about revenue synergy? I'm sorry, I thought he was percentage. The revenue side, I would say we're off to some good start on the commercial practices. I think we need a little more time on the longer-term aspects of the programs that we've talked about, the tires, et cetera. But if I look at commercial activities and practices, I think there's some real benefits we're already starting to see in our numbers and there's more to come.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then can you give us an update on your thinking regarding the photovoltaics business?
James P. Rogers: Yes, honestly, I haven't thought a whole lot about that one lately because, as you know, when we divvied up the businesses, I gave that one to Curt. So Curt, what's your...
Curtis E. Espeland: Right now, photovoltaics is a tough marketplace. We're continuing to evaluate some options, and we're still working through those options, but either way, it's not a material item to Eastman, but we're working through the strategic alternatives.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And any thought on -- as to when we might get a go, no-go, keep or not keep type of decision?
Curtis E. Espeland: I would say within the next quarter or 2, we're going to have some...
James P. Rogers: Yes, we're not going to be talking about this forever, Frank.
Operator: We'll take our final question from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just a very quick one then, are you seeing any areas or regions where they're -- you're seeing demand destruction in response to attempted price increases?
James P. Rogers: I would say, I review pricing every month, and I would say this is in most areas one of the better pricing environments finally than we've seen in a while. So part of that is just thinking about the things that are propylene-based. Part of it is some areas that are tight such that customers are more concerned about making sure they have surety of supply than they are the last penny. Anything doing with packaging is still tough so some of the adhesives. Parts of the adhesives is still tough. Other parts, the hydrogenated hydrocarbon resins, still a tight market. So if I had to make a general comment, it wouldn't be so much regionally. Europe would probably be the toughest region, and I would guess packaging would be the end market that would be the toughest.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay, thanks again, everyone, for joining us this morning. A web replay and a replay in downloadable MP3 format will be available on our website beginning at approximately 11:00 a.m. this morning. Thanks for your interest in Eastman. Have a great day.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-26 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory A. Riddle - Director of Investor Relations James P. Rogers - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Edlain S. Rodriguez - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Nils-Bertil Wallin - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Lee Bressler Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Research Division Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division William Young
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on Eastman's website, www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay, thank you, Mara. And good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Jim Rogers, Chairman and CEO; Curt Espeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Josh Morgan, Manager, Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover 4 items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's third quarter 2012 financial results news release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-K filed for full year 2011 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for third quarter 2012. Second, earnings per share and operating earnings referenced in this presentation exclude Solutia acquisition financing, transaction, integration and inventory costs and charges, as well as asset impairments and restructuring charges net. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the Solutia acquisition transaction, financing, integration and inventory costs and charges and the asset impairment restructuring charges net, are available in our third quarter financial results news release and the tables accompanying the release available in the Investors section of our website, eastman.com. Third, this presentation includes sales revenue and operating earnings on a pro forma combined basis, assuming the acquisition of Solutia have been completed prior to third quarter 2011, that compares post-acquisition results to pre-acquisition pro forma combined results. For more information on pro forma combined results, see the Solutia acquisition section in our third quarter financial results news release. Also, on October 15, we furnished to the SEC a Form 8-K with pro forma combined historical financial information for our new segments. In the said 8-K, you will find sales revenue, operating earnings and depreciation and amortization for 2009 through the first half of 2012 for our new segments. And lastly, we have posted the slides that accompany our remarks this morning on our website in the presentation and events section. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James P. Rogers: Thanks, Greg. And good morning, everyone. I'll start on Slide 3. As is my normal practice, I will start by holding us accountable for our key outlook statements. As you're aware, we were able to close the Solutia acquisition on July 2, meeting the midyear commitment we made to you back in January when the deal was announced. Let me reiterate how excited we are to have Solutia as part of the Eastman and how confident we are in the value this transaction will create both in the near and long term. We will go into greater detail during our upcoming Investor Day, highlighting why these businesses are so attractive and fit so well with our strategy. In his section, Curt will also give a brief update on how the integration is progressing as well as provide a summary of the transaction from the standpoint of the opening balance sheet. Next, back in July, we indicated our expectation was for full year 2012 EPS to be approximately $5.30, and we slightly raised that expectation and I'll talk more about that in a moment. And lastly, we indicated we expected to generate $1 billion of free cash in 2012 and 2013 combined. Again, we are on track to deliver on this commitment. While I don't want to give too much away out of the great story we will share with you on November 5, what I will say today is that, given all of the portfolio work we have done over the last several years, including the Solutia acquisition, we now have a portfolio of businesses that we expect to produce solid, consistent earnings growth and cash generation for years to come. On Slide 4, I'll hit the Eastman corporate results. You can see, sales revenue on a pro forma basis declined slightly as lower selling prices primarily due to lower raws and energy costs were partially offset by higher sales volume in most segments. Pro forma combined operating earnings increased due to lower raw material and energy costs and higher sales volume, partially offset by the lower selling prices. Third quarter EPS was $1.57, which is a record for our company, demonstrating the strength and diversity of our businesses during a challenging economic environment. I will also point out that we had a lower-than-expected tax rate during the quarter, which Curt will discuss in his section. Moving next to Slide 5. And as this is the first time we presented results under the new structure. In each of the segment sections, I will take a moment to remind you the major components of each business. Of course, we will give you a much more thorough overview in 10 days, during our Investor Day. Beginning with Additives & Functional Products. This segment consists of the rubber materials product lines from Solutia's former Technical Specialties segment and the specialty polymers and solvents product lines of the Eastman's former CASPI segment. Sales revenue for Additives & Functional Products was relatively stable, down 1%, as higher volume in solvents were offset by lower selling prices due to lower raw material and energy cost, particularly for propane. Operating earnings were up substantially as higher volume and lower raw material and energy costs more than offset those lower selling prices. We expect the Additives & Functional Products segment to deliver strong results in Q4, albeit with a typical seasonal decline in volume. Next on Slide 6. The Adhesives & Plasticizers segment consists of the adhesives product lines formerly in the CASPI segment and the plasticizer product lines formerly in the PCI segment. Sales revenue was unchanged, with offsetting factors. Volume increased as we continue to realize the benefits of customer substitution from phthalate plasticizers to Eastman's broad portfolio of non-phthalate plasticizers, largely offsetting the increased volume with lower selling prices in response to lower raw material and energy costs. Operating earnings increased as higher sales volume and lower raw material and energy costs more than offset those negative lower pricing -- lower prices. We expect the Adhesives & Plasticizers segment results to decline somewhat in the fourth quarter due to normal seasonality. On Slide 7 is the Advanced Materials segment. This consists of Eastman's former Specialty Plastics segment and Solutia's former Performance Films and Advanced Interlayers segments. Sales revenue was unchanged as higher volume was offset by the negative impact of a stronger U.S. dollar and lower selling prices. Operating earnings declined primarily due to lower sales volume in the Advanced Interlayers product lines due to the weakness in Europe and the negative impact of lower capacity utilization. In the fourth quarter, we expect Advanced Materials earnings to decline due to normal seasonality and decline in demand, particularly in Europe and Asia and our efforts to reduce our inventories. Specialty Fluids and Intermediates is on Slide 8. This segment consists of the specialty fluids product lines from Solutia's former Technical Specialties segment and the oxo and acetyl intermediates product lines from the PCI segment. Sales revenue declined 10% as lower selling prices were partially offset by higher sales volume. And the lower selling prices were primarily in our olefin derivative product lines and in response to lower raw material and energy costs. For example, propane and ethane prices declined by 1/3 or more in the third quarter 2012 compared with third quarter 2011. As with Additives & Functional Products and Adhesives & Plasticizers, the Specialty Fluids and Intermediates segment receives about 1/3 of our propylene spread benefit and the majority of our ethylene spread benefit. Operating earnings increased substantially as lower raw material and energy costs and the benefit of our favorable olefins position more than offset lower selling prices. Fourth quarter operating earnings for the Specialty Fluids and Intermediates are expected to reflect continued solid volume but also a seasonally higher propane cost. On Slide 9 is Fibers. And as you might expect, we did not change this segment. Fibers sales revenue increased due to higher selling prices in response to higher raw material and energy costs, particularly for wood pulp. Operating earnings were flat as higher selling prices were largely offset by higher raw material and energy costs. Fourth quarter earnings for Fibers are expected to continue to be strong. And finally on Slide 10. As we enter the seasonally slower fourth quarter, the global economic outlook continues to remain challenging. Our view is that Europe will remain stable at a recessionary level. In Asia Pacific, particularly in China, growth has slowed, but we are not seeing any signs of further weakening. And we expect the U.S. to remain solid as it has all year. We are expecting higher raw material and energy costs towards the end of the year. For example, we expect propane prices to increase as we move into winter as propane is used for heating, particularly in the Northeast. We have extended the shutdown of one of our crackers in Longview, Texas, by approximately 3 weeks to the middle of November, due to a need for additional maintenance on unit equipment, and this is expected to have a slight negative impact on results in the quarter. And given our outlook for a stable economy, we expect our businesses will remain strong, as they have throughout 2012. As a result, we are slightly increasing our 2012 earnings per share expectations to a range of $5.30 to $5.40. And this would be more than 10% over our 2011 EPS and would be the third year in a row of double-digit earnings growth for Eastman. I expect that trend will continue going into 2013 and look forward to sharing more with you during our Investor Day on November 5. And with that, I'll turn it over to Curt.
Curtis E. Espeland: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin on Slide 12 by reviewing our solid cash performance in the third quarter. Operating cash was $353 million driven by solid net earnings. Free cash flow for the quarter was strong at $197 million. Capital expenditures were $120 million during the quarter. For the year, we are reducing our expectations for capital expenditures to approximately $450 million. And of course, during the quarter, we paid our dividend of $36 million. This continued solid performance keeps us on track to meet our commitment of generating over $1 billion of free cash flow in 2012 and 2013 combined. Next on Slide 13 are some detail on our tax rate for the quarter. It came in below the 34% we projected, primarily due to 2 factors. First, we settled income tax audits both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. during the quarter. These resulted in approximately $8 million of benefit. In addition, we benefited from the reversal of tax reserves due to the expiration of relevant statute of limitations, and this was about a $5 million benefit in the quarter. These factors won't recur in the fourth quarter, and as a result, we are expecting our fourth quarter rate to be approximately 34%. For the year, we expect our tax rate will be approximately 33%. And for 2013, you should expect that the rate will be lower, and I'll give you more details on that during our Investor Day discussions. On Slide 14 is an update on the Solutia integration. We made good progress since the deal was closed on July 2. We have completed our opening balance sheet and much of that is now reflected in our results. Our new segment structure is now in place and work has been underway since the deal closed to implement the structure. And I must say, our newly aligned businesses have been operating very effectively, as demonstrated in our results in the third quarter. As Jim mentioned earlier, we will cover each segment and their respective strategies when we hold our Investor Day. One of our most important priorities is to continue to retain key talent from this acquisition, and we've been successful to date. The feedback from our new employees have been very positive, and their professionalism continues to be outstanding. We also continue to make good progress with our functional consolidation of areas, including finance, HR, IT and supply chain, et cetera. The bottom line: We have made great progress on the integration and we remain very confident we will achieve the synergies that we've discussed with you in the past. I'll end on Slide 15 with one last reminder that we are hosting an Investor Day on Monday, November 5. We're again holding the event at the Midtown Sentry Center at -- in New York at Third Avenue and 48th Streets. We will begin with lunch at noon and expect to conclude around 4:30. Through the day, we will share with you our vision and our growth plans, showcase the depths of our product lines and our product innovations and give you a chance to interact with the senior leaders of Eastman. I look forward to seeing you there. And with that, Greg, I'll turn it back over to you.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay, thanks. Mara, this concludes our prepared remarks, and we are ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We go first to David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Jim, some talk about the MLP structures for olefin assets. Can you talk about your thinking about dropping down some of your olefin assets into an MLP structure?
James P. Rogers: Yes, we actually noticed that, so thanks for bringing it up. It gives me a chance to talk about what we've been able to do in Texas. Then I'm going to turn it over to Curt to get specific on MLPs. But just a quick review: I'm fairly proud of our track record on our crackers and what we've done. We got a jump on that, restarting crackers, when we saw how the world was changing and we've been benefiting from that for a while. And then we got a really good contract with Enterprise, which takes care of our internal needs and gets us as producer economics. So that got us up to the point where we've taken care of ourself and then we could look and say, "Is there further value we can create?" And judging by inbound calls that mainly Curt has to take, my sense is the world thinks there is more value we can create there. And so then the IRS came out with this letter -- and let me flip it over to Curt.
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes. David, so we're aware of the July 2 ruling letter. Like many in the industry, we're still evaluating what this might mean for Eastman as a source of value creation. It's a little harder to think it through completely with our existing operating assets given the integrated nature of our plants, but we're still doing that. It clearly becomes an additional factor to consider with our nonoperating assets like the idle cracker that we have sitting in Longview, Texas, or even the potential future investment in the olefin converting unit that we've discussed previously. And as Jim mentioned, it's fair to say we've had a variety of interest expressed by others in these options even before that ruling came out. But it's really too early to exactly determine what the best way to create value here. I have a lot of confidence in the business team that manages these assets. And Eastman will be judicious in our evaluation.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's very helpful. And just on the operating businesses, Jim, Curt, can you talk about how Crystex performed in the quarter?
James P. Rogers: Yes. I think it was fine. I mean -- let me put that in context for you, though. In other words, it was similar to year-over-year and similar to last quarter. And if you think about the marketplace they're in -- in fact, not just Crystex, a number of our product lines, and not just Solutia either, guys -- our heritage businesses. I mean, it is a tough world out there. Europe is definitely in recession. I mean, I guess there's pockets of strength, like Germany, but definitely a recession in Europe. Asia softened up quite a bit during the year. Even North America, as much as we say it looks good on a relative basis, it's really nothing to brag about traditionally when I look back at past years and how strong we have run in the past. So Crystex, Saflex, our own polymers. I mean I think they're doing well in what looks like very down markets. And I guess the proof's in the pudding: with everything we got going on, macroeconomics, doing a big integration of a large acquisition like Solutia and we still post record earnings. I'm very proud of the guys.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just last, Jim. Can you quantify the impact of the extended cracker downtime and the inventory reduction in Advanced Materials in Q4?
James P. Rogers: Yes. And I'm glad you raised that. I mean, I've put it in my comments because I read some of the early reports from you guys and you're all kind of scratching your head, "What about the fourth quarter?" It sounds like you're actually taking us down. And so we got bit. It's not huge. It'll be, I would guess, less than $0.10; of course, we're not back up and running that either, so -- but it's not, like I say, a big number, but it's enough to take a little of the bloom off the rose or whatever. So again, I think back and I say yes. But at the start of the year, if you told me which way the macroeconomic world was going to go and that you would end up with some -- a cracker issue at the end of the year and you'd still be able to add to your forecast and what you said you would do versus having to come down like some of the other folks have had to do, I feel pretty good about the strength of our businesses. But yes, it's going to bite us for probably less than $0.10.
Operator: For our next question, we go to Morgan Stanley for a question from Vincent Andrews.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Could you give us your view on propane? Obviously, you expected it, like most people would, to go up because of the winter, but there's a -- pieces out there that it's actually going to move meaningfully higher regardless of the winter. So what are your thoughts?
James P. Rogers: Yes, I guess we're not in the latter camp, at least not yet, so we're still just thinking seasonally on propane. Obviously, it came off quite a bit year-over-year. And again, just for everybody on the call who may not be as deep into this because it's not that big a part of our business anymore, but we're really interested in that spread over the propane, ethane through our derivative products. And we tried to factor in all the movements we can see when we gave you that fourth quarter guidance, that there might be a little squeeze on that spread in the fourth quarter and that's why we shook out where we are. We'll talk more about next year, but I can just tell you I don't see it hurting us next year, let's put it that way. I think we'll continue with the kind of strength we had in that spread this year into next year.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then secondly, could you talk a little bit about Saflex? I know it's an annual contracting business. And obviously, European autos have been weak this year, so how do you feel about volume and price in that business going into next year?
James P. Rogers: Yes, it probably just a little too early to talk about it. Actually, we have Mark Costa in Europe right now chatting with a few of those customers, getting to know them a little better, talking about relationships, longer-term game plans, which is the way we like to work with our customers. We're obviously a major key supplier with a very strong product line. I think there was some ground loss last year by the Solutia team as they looked at trade-offs between Europe and Asia. We're going to try and be smarter about that this year. But I won't be able to give you any more color. Probably even on Investor Day, it will be hard to give more color on that unless Mark's got something he can share with us coming back from Europe.
Operator: And our next question will come from Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo Securities.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Can you talk -- I mean, obviously great results, but can you talk a little bit about your volumes by geography in the third quarter and what your expectations are?
James P. Rogers: Yes, I guess. I'm doing this from memory, and the guys will help me out because I told Greg ahead of time, if I got a regional question, he was the man because he's got this stuff nailed. But I know volumes are up in Asia and that was probably -- attribute that to our Fibers business. Latin -- and well, I shouldn't go to Latin America. Let me turn it over to Greg rather than me trying to do it. Greg?
Gregory A. Riddle: Yes. So in Asia, certainly we had a good quarter. I'd say that was probably driven by the Fibers acetate tow. We also had a good quarter in Specialty Plastics in Asia, maybe a little bit down in Specialty Fluids and Intermediates. If you think about North America, North America was down but that was -- on the revenue side, it was down, but that was more of a pricing story. Volumes were kind of flattish, maybe up a little bit in North America. And then as you would have expected, we did see some down volumes in Europe given the economic situation there.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And you would anticipate those trends to play out in 4Q? Are the bottoming or...
James P. Rogers: I think the -- one of the bigger trends in 4Q is just going to be the seasonal impact on us, Frank. I've been here long enough to learn that that's not to be underestimated. So I guess most of the business typically come off in the fourth quarter. And I guess, as I listen to other companies talk, we really don't have much different to say about the regions of the world and what we see on the end market demand and others. I just -- I appreciate the fact that our portfolio of businesses is diverse enough across customers, markets, geographies, et cetera, that when something seems to be weak, like European autos, we got enough other places to pick up the slack and continue growing the earnings.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: You mentioned in the Adhesives & Plasticizers segment that pricing followed raws down. Can you talk about the ability or inability to hang onto pricing in that segment?
James P. Rogers: It's similar to a number of segments that it's -- in many areas, it's a spread game. There's -- in adhesives in particular, when the market is being quite tight, you haven been able to hold onto spread, and you've seen spreads increase, not just for us but competitors as well in the adhesives market and strong demand for those hydrogenated hydrocarbon resins that go into diapers, et cetera. And so that has been a good business, not only for us but for our customers, typically. Plasticizers, I would say, just my experience is a little more transparency there, and so you're a little more likely for pricing to move with the raws. But I would say, overall, again, it's a spread game, and that's what we play.
Operator: We now go to Edlain Rodriguez with Lazard Capital.
Edlain S. Rodriguez - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Jim, just a quick follow-up on the pricing issue. So for the fourth quarter, as we expect prices to move -- I mean, raw materials to go up, like propane, do you expect to see prices for many of those products moving up as well? Or is there a lag in when you're able to do that?
James P. Rogers: Yes, it's a little bit of a lag. So that's -- I think I shot a quick comment in there earlier that there'll probably be a little squeeze in the fourth quarter. You know what I mean? We had a little benefit in the third so you probably get squeezed in the fourth. I try not to worry too much about it quarter to quarter and that's why I stepped back and said this was a very good year for that spread. In particular, the ethylene spread was very good this year. And next year, I don't -- it may come in different parts, different quarters, but next year, I would guess the spread will continue to be a real strength for Eastman.
Edlain S. Rodriguez - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. Just another question on the integration of Solutia. I mean, now that you have it under your belt, like, how comfortable are you with the synergy numbers you gave prior to the closing of the deal? And any progress on that, any update on that?
James P. Rogers: Yes. Curt's accusing me of having amnesia because, somehow, the $100 million we promised is turning into a floor and we're looking for higher numbers. But let me turn it over to Curt because he -- Curt is the lead on the integration.
Curtis E. Espeland: So let's just remind ourselves of the 3 buckets and let me just talk through it briefly. The first bucket is taxes. We feel very confident that we'll capture the tax synergies we discussed, both in the form of using the NOLs, 1/3 of which we'll use over the next 3 years, as well as implementing tax strategies that'll get us towards that 31% tax rate. On the cost synergies, we have broken those cost synergies down into 3 categories: The first about 1/3 being corporate cost that go away day one, and we've achieved those. Secondly, functional costs where we have redundancies. We've captured some of those. More require -- others that we have identified really need it as we go through implementation of systems going into the 2013 year. But if you look at the cost synergies combined, I would guess by the end of the year, of that $100 million, we're probably going to be halfway there on a run rate basis. I would also like to highlight just the business synergies. And there's really, as we talked about business synergies, they're a little longer term but I still like the opportunities that are there. They're the long-term revenue synergies we talk about, like in Advanced Materials, that'll give opportunities for those businesses to figure out how to bring better value to our customers. Secondly, I also think there's going to be an increase in scale and capabilities of manufacturing and technology. That's going to accelerate some of our product development of our gen-2 acoustic product lines, given our polymer science capabilities as well as we look to improve the reliability and cost operations, pursue debottlenecks, everything else, at these sites because Eastman's good at that. And then lastly, I also think we will continue to accelerate the development of commercial capabilities such as contracting and pricing. So when you put those all together, I feel very good about the achievement of the cost synergies and the long-term potential in this transaction.
Edlain S. Rodriguez - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: And just quickly on cash flow. I mean, you continue to generate a very strong cash flow. Acquisitions are probably off the table for now because of Solutia. Can you remind us what the priority for cash is, going forward, again?
James P. Rogers: Yes, I'll let Curt do that in a second. But just on acquisitions: You're right in terms of where our priorities are. And let's generate the cash, let's get this thing under our belt, pay down some debt. Having said that, we have the financial strength. We have the bandwidth that, if there was something that was just exceptional, we don't have to let it go by without getting our dog in a hunt. But I mean, the odds are that the way we would set the hurdles would be so high for us to find something interesting enough that we would want to get involved with a small bolt-on, and I do mean small. I mean, it would be nothing of size. Odds are, it's going to get just the way you laid out, which is we'll generate the cash, we'll pay down the debt and then we'll look around for other ways to grow. And do you want to just comment on use of the cash?
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes. So uses of cash, our priority is, our investment-grade credit rating; we remain committed to that. So we will have a level of deleveraging as we finish up this year and as we go on towards the end of next year. And our commitment is roughly to pay down $1 billion of debt during this time frame. But as we do that and as we demonstrate progress on that, then that does allow us to look across the different buckets of capital allocation. Bolt-on strategic acquisitions Jim talked about, we have the ability to look at, even looking at share repurchases and when is it time to start thinking about that, at least to offset dilution. So we have -- we will have options to think about as we get a start to next year and make progress on our deleveraging.
Operator: And we now go to P.J. Juvekar from Citi. [Technical Difficulty]
James P. Rogers: Hey, P.J., we're going to -- you need to get near the phone. Your line's bad.
Gregory A. Riddle: Yes, we -- P.J., we can't hear you.
Operator: We go now to Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to delve a little bit into the Additives & Functional Products volumes. Can you break down a little bit where you're seeing the volume growth, if there's any sort of niches within that business that are particularly strong? And then the second thing, can we clarify: When you say that you think 2013 will be up at least 10% from 2012, just to be clear on the base, is that just off of your report to EPS or off of a pro forma, including Solutia, for the first part of the year?
James P. Rogers: Yes, so let me take it in pieces. I mean, the -- quite a bit of volume strength and the strength in the solvents market right now. And I assume, not just us but you're seeing that with the competitors. I think we have a bit of advantage because we are so North American based. And so you can really see the flow-through of our spread and then kind of how we segmented our market and North America is the place to be for that. So that is a lot of the strength that you see in that area. In terms of the 10% up, I mean, basically we're saying it should have -- it's more than 10%. We're saying it should a 6% in front of it next year. And so that's our -- that's what we're shooting for.
Curtis E. Espeland: And that's something -- to get to that greater-than-6% is, basically, you're off of that 5 30-ish type of base, 5 30, 5 40 base. It gets some benefit of having Solutia full year integration benefits, but then also you're looking for growth within those businesses.
Laurence Alexander - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Perfect. And there's isn't any real tax swing that's helping there; that's just off of the organic side, correct?
Curtis E. Espeland: There'll be some tax benefits. We'll -- as I mentioned in my comments, we'll not be at a 34%, 33% tax rate going into next year. We expect a lower tax rate. So there'll be some benefit of a lower tax rate.
Operator: And we'll go again to P.J. Juvekar.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Can you discuss demand for Solutia's Crystex product given the slowing tire demand? I guess a couple of tire companies have come out and lowered their forecast. So between the outlook going forward and then quickly, is solar a non-core business for you?
James P. Rogers: What was the last part of the question?
Curtis E. Espeland: Is solar non-core...
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Is solar business -- is that a non-core business?
James P. Rogers: Yes, so on Crystex, I mentioned before that it's -- I would call it kind of steady right now with a -- at a -- let's say, a reduced level, if I can put it that way, so when I looked year-over-year and sequentially, not huge changes. That's another area we're in the middle of discussions for next year. I think, P.J., in the long run -- and this may sound a bit conceited, but I think our business guys are going to be a little smarter about that marketplace and so we're in negotiations now. I don't want to add a lot more color, but I'm bullish on that business, in particular our position and what we can do with our cost position and our scale, et cetera, long term. So that's definitely a very good business. I love the fact that we're across all the tire guys, all the regions replacement versus OEM, et cetera. I mean, we've got a good exposure there. I look at the results and think about what's going on in the tire market around the world right now, and just you can kind of salivate on what it's going to be like when there's a recovery in the transportation sector in tires. So again, we'll see if we have some more color on it, but fantastic business with long-term, good forecast for that business. On the photovoltaic business, I guess that's gotten some press from others earlier this week or last week. It would be really hard for me to say that's core for Eastman. I think that, long term, there's value there. It's hard for me to believe there isn't somebody else who would see more value or that it would be more core for than Eastman. But we haven't made any decisions on that yet, and when we do, we'll let you know. You might remember, I did have that report up to Curt so that the P&L guys did not have to spend time and be distracted by what's a fairly small business for us.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right. And then quickly, Jim, you mentioned that you're going to take inventories down in maybe you're -- like Performance Films. Is that a fourth quarter comment? Or do you believe that you can run Solutia assets with lower inventories?
James P. Rogers: Yes. Actually, the comment was more around the Specialty Plastics business. Although -- so to be honest to you, between now and year end, I'm going to be looking at it across the whole company. I mean, by now, you guys are starting to know us. We, somewhat conservative we try and remove all the hurdles, road blocks that are hitting our targets. I very much want to have next year's number have the 6 in front of it. I want us to be able to run well next year. I think, just with all the uncertainty, financial cliff, et cetera, it's prudent not to walk into year end with excessive inventories. I think we'll be smart about it. There are some place on the raws where we actually want to build inventories because I can see what's happening pricing wise. Finish good inventories; it's usually better if you're lower, but you have to pay attention to where you're going to have turnarounds, et cetera. So we're willing to make the sacrifice on operating rates a little bit to watch our inventories, but it's not a blanket statement. What I said earlier was really pertaining more to Specialty Plastics than anything else.
Operator: We now go to Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Jim, I was wondering if you could talk a little more, explore this fixation on olefins and spreads. And it seems a little bit odd to me, but can you tell us from the pro forma Eastman what percent of revenues might come from ethylene and propylene derivatives? And then within that subset, how many products do you have that are like polyethylene or sort of first-level derivatives where there's pretty quick pass-through versus more negotiated pricing with your customers?
James P. Rogers: Yes. Let me make a general comment, then maybe either Curt or Greg may want to hop in. It's not a big part of our business anymore. And with Solutia, it's obviously become a smaller piece. I can't ignore it. It's been a real tailwind for Eastman, so as much as I would rather talk about the longer-term things and our derivative products and where we're growing the company, et cetera, it is clearly a benefit to have crackers in Texas. And we laid out which segments share some of that benefits, some years better than others. But again, to me it's not the main driver for why you'd want to be in Eastman or what our performance has been and in terms of total shareholder performance, which goes all the way back to '09. But maybe, Curt or Greg, do you want to just size it for the guys?
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes, yes. The only other thing -- I don't know that we can -- we should size it today, but I mean we're going to have an Investor Day in just a few days, as we've mentioned, and obviously, this will be a topic that will be discussed at that day.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Maybe an angle around that: I think you guys mentioned some caution about propane into the winter. But if I look at the strip price today, it's basically a flat line all the way through winter right around the dollar, which is just about where propane is today. So is there enough liquidity in that market where you could derisk your fears about propane -- near-term propane pricing?
James P. Rogers: Yes. And don't think of it as a fear per se, we're just trying to tell you what we think could possibly happen. It's -- you're pretty safe going into a winter saying propane may go up. We do do some hedging. We factored in what we know about the lag in pricing in our expectations when we gave that guidance. So I'm not looking for people to get real worried about the spread near term. We're just trying to be prudent in saying, hey, that would be a logical expectation that propane can move up at the end of the year and you're -- you probably wouldn't have a chance to follow us well with your pricing. And we're are also -- we are prudent in terms of we do the hedge raws. We hedge currency, we hedge interest rates.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: You made one comment on the tire markets, which I found kind of interesting, about needing some enthusiasm there. But I guess, if I look at the replacement markets, particularly in Asia where the car park is finally getting to the age where there will be sort of a first round of replacement -- or replacement tires outpacing OEM and volume. Can you have it down Europe but an up total Eastman because of the growth in the other markets, in those kind of end market?
James P. Rogers: I would think so. I mean, we can go back and look at it, but I would think so. I mean, remember, somehow, Europe overall is -- because we did Solutia, somehow, people think we have huge exposure... [Technical Difficulty]
Gregory A. Riddle: And Bob, do you still got mute?
James P. Rogers: Yes, that's Bob's. Somehow people all of a sudden are more worried about Europe whatever. I mean, it's still like less than 1/4 of our sales for the company overall in Europe. It is more important for the tire market, clearly. We know the big guys are there in Europe and that's good business for us. But again, you got to think longer term around the globe. And you're absolutely right to point to Asia and, frankly, North America, South America. I mean, again, I'd take a longer-term view and I'm thinking these businesses can perform the way they are right now with the way the world is. We got some serious upside ahead of us.
Operator: And now we go to Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Some of your competitors in filter tow are rationalizing capacity. Are there any opportunities for volume gains in the context of that?
James P. Rogers: Well, I think, the biggest impact on volume for us in tow will be when our JV comes up in China. So you'll see some increase there. But again, take a little bit longer-term view of the fibers market, fairly steady market. You got that growth in Asia offsetting the rest of the world, basically. And I like our position, I like having an asset in Korea, I like having a JV in China. I love the cost position that we have here in Kingsport and that we can serve our European customers from what we've got in England in Workington. It's been a fairly steady market. I'd say most of the players in the industry have been quite disciplined. I don't expect any of that to change. And what's hard for you to see, I guess, when you look at the numbers is some of the numbers move around inside our business. Like this past quarter, yarn was fairly weak, as you might imagine, given what's going on in clothing retail, et cetera, and tow was quite strong, so -- but overall, I expect fairly steady shares with us, picking up a little bit because of the China JV.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Your general working capital management was pretty terrific in the quarter. Did you drop your operating rates in the third quarter relative to the second to get your inventories all in line? Or did your operating rates really not change very much versus the second quarter?
James P. Rogers: Operating rates did come down third quarter over second quarter by a little bit. Again, it blows my mind that -- I mean, we were in the 80s, I'll say that much, or at least for both the heritage business. And as you might imagine, the Solutia business would have been lower than Eastman's level. And yet we set record earnings. And the best I've ever seen this company do, operating-rate wise, is about 92%, 93% in the quarter. And so again, I realize that there's been investments made. We're living with that kind of fixed cost, fixed burn right now, but I got the capacity to grow on a lot of areas, deliver record earnings, not fully utilizing all of my capacity across all the lines. So that part feels pretty good to me. To tie the utilization rate to inventories is probably giving us too much credit. I would say part of it had to do with just the raws coming down. And I'll let Curt comment.
Curtis E. Espeland: Actually, Jeff, I -- just to be -- to make sure we're completely transparent. So if you look at the cash flow statement on Table 5, you see inventory actually being a source of cash flow. But it -- just keep in mind purchase accounting: We rolled up inventories $75 million and turned around and sold it. So $75 million of that benefit that you're seeing is actually because of that inventory turn. If you take that $75 million off of that inventory and we actually increased inventories in the quarter.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. You're spending quite a lot on developing businesses relative to last year. Is that turning out to be a good investment or a less good investment?
James P. Rogers: Overall a good investment, but it's also a lever, Jeff. I told you before our high priority in having a 6 in front of next year's number. So we pretty much only work on things that we think have long-term value, but we can control the pace on which we work on things. So as we see the world slow down, for example, we've talked internally about -- we could slow down on our perennial wood product. We don't have to keep to spend up at the level it is. We could slide that out a little bit. Other areas, like our microfibers, I think it's going to be full speed ahead. So yes, I think we're spending the money prudently. We can gate how fast we spend that money based upon the economy and the opportunities we see. And no bones about it: We got to be disciplined. We can't fall in love with something if something's not cutting it. We got to be willing to move on. But it is good, we're trying to set up some long-term growth and you got to spend some money to do that. But I'll just say it one more time: We can control the rate at which we spend if we need to.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, I think Curt said that he had immediately gotten corporate costs out. And so that means there's, call it, I don't know, $65 million of costs still to come out. And it looks like you think that you're going to get, I don't know, another $15 million in the fourth quarter. If you had to look at your segments, where's the $65 million going? How do you allocate the $65 million across your segments? And how do you allocate the $15 million for the fourth quarter?
James P. Rogers: And I got a bunch of VP GMs waiting for Curt to answer this. Answer this question, and you've got to answer it before we set our targets for next year.
Curtis E. Espeland: Look, Jeff, I mean that's an art, not a science, as you well know. As I mentioned, we'll probably be at least a 50% run rate on that $100 million. So we're probably going to be, on a run rate basis around that $50 million. The corporate cost tends to get shared amongst the group, most noticeably the 2 large businesses, when Solutia Crystex and the Saflex product lines -- but again, what you're doing with that synergies you're also then leveraging the infrastructure you have at Eastman, which gets shared by all the group. But I'd say a good portion of it will be shown up in Advanced Materials and Additives & Functional Products, and the rest kind of split amongst the groups as we get more of those synergies next year on the cost.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I --- Curt, is it -- would it be a simple benchmark just to say revenue would be -- for someone outside the company, revenue would be a good way to look at it in terms of a rough share...
Curtis E. Espeland: If you're talking about just corporate costs, revenue would be a rough shares, so it's functional...
James P. Rogers: So Curt, for modeling purposes, if they just want it by revenue: It's not bad.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nils Wallin with CLSA.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: A question about your Additives & Functional Products. In the release, you mentioned some competitor manufacturing outages helped with the volume. Is this a market share gain? And as those outages come off, will you lose that volume, or do you think you may hold onto it?
James P. Rogers: Yes, I'll let Greg jump on that.
Gregory A. Riddle: Yes. So this -- it was really in the solvents product lines and that's really some capacity that was down as a result of hurricane Isaac around August, and so obviously that's back up. But that was really what we were referencing in that reference.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And then it seems like Latin America continues to show significant strength for you relative to peers. And I know, obviously, you got some filter tow -- or fiber, excuse me, going through Mexico. So is it mainly the Mexican business that's driving those results, or there's other businesses in there too that are doing well?
James P. Rogers: No. And I don't think of Fibers as being a big player for us in Latin America, really. So it's more Brazil would be the biggest, then Mexico. There's a time at which that was reversed, and now they're -- and then it was 1/3, 1/3 and 1/3 for the rest of Latin America. Now it's probably Brazil is slightly bigger. I think we have an excellent management team down there. We get -- probably a better mix of products gets sold in the Latin America. In general, probably more specialties get put down there. Greg, you want to add...
Gregory A. Riddle: We did a small acquisition down there as well.
James P. Rogers: Well, if you're just talking about growth in revenue, yes, we did do a plasticizer acquisition in Brazil. But overall, Latin America has been a good market for us. It's just not as -- I'd love for it to be a bigger percentage of our business.
Lee Bressler: Got it. And then finally, would you update us on the Tritan expansion? Is that -- are the volumes fully sold out there? And just how the plant is operating.
James P. Rogers: No, not -- I never expect it to be sold out this quickly. When you got one of those big 30,000-ton lines, it usually would take a couple of years to fill out. We got a little spoiled with the first line that it filled out so quickly. We had some favorable tailwinds with bisphenol A3, et cetera. This will be a more traditional fill-out -- in fact, maybe even a little slower just given how the economy is going. I would say, overall, the acceptance of Tritan is still quite strong. And when we get to Investors Day, you're going to see a slide that shows a bunch of brands that have bought into Tritan and it's -- you're going to love that slide.
Operator: We now take a question from Duffy Fischer with Barclays.
Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Research Division: When you look ahead to 2013, can you talk about the puts and takes? So you'll have the JV coming up in tow in China. You talked about some benefit this year in the solvents from the hurricane. Can you just kind of walk through the laundry list of things that might be pluses and negatives as we look next year year-over-year that happened this year that won't happen next year?
James P. Rogers: And Duffy, I can and will and we will do it 10 days from now. So the story at the Investors Day will be much more about 2013, actually out to 2015, and we'll hit it then. I -- the guidance I'm giving today is we still expect the 6 in front of the number.
Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then if you look, that CapEx that you've reduced here just recently, can you walk through what are those things that you're foregoing at this point? And kind of was it just macro environments that drove those decisions?
James P. Rogers: I think what you have there is a set of business guys and manufacturing teams that are being disciplined with the economic outlook out there. So I think we're just kind of slowing the pace of some of the investments that we have out there. There's no one single project at this point that we singled out. We are taking our time to study and evaluate the Kuantan expansions in Malaysia. We're thinking through the timing of our expansion such as the Texas City. But a lot of it is just more economic and just being cautious where -- when we should spend the capital.
Operator: We now move to Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Jim, if I put the Fibers business on the side as an unchanged segment, if you will, and consider the other 4, where do you think trailing 12-month margins would compare to normalized levels? So that is to say, are there any of these 4 segments that you think are materially above or below what you would consider kind of a prospective normalized level?
James P. Rogers: Let me get Curt or Greg to help me on this. But just -- I can tell you, to start, I don't see the macroeconomic environment to be anything like what I would call a normal level. I do think we're worse than what I hoped the average economy is going to be over the next 10 years. The States, maybe not so. I mean, the States is decent. It's -- you have to start getting into the segment by segment, so to the extent we have businesses that have housing related or transportation related, you got to believe that's below normal environment and -- in my mind. And so then you will look at the individual businesses and how they're performing -- and we've given ranges for different businesses in terms of where we think their earnings will be in terms of margins, and then you can compare where we are today. But on the -- Curt, do you want to add where you see things going?.
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes. I think the -- we'll get into the margins. I think the only area that I'd just maybe point out today that is probably below its potential is Advanced Materials. There's been significant investments made in that business line. Some of their end markets are pretty soft. Those investments have been made. We're ready to get the returns off those investments; we just need a better global environment and market environment for the Advanced Materials segment. The rest of them are pretty solid, and we'll get more of that into the Investor Day.
James P. Rogers: Yes. And if you get, within the segments, I mean you can't -- to try and be balanced, solvents is clearly doing quite well right now, which is making up for the rest of that segment that is probably below some kind of average trend line. But I agree with Curt; we can get into it during our Investor Day.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then just wanted to come back to the subject of the capital budget. Some of your peers across the industry have made pretty wholesale changes. It sounds from your comments like you'd be making more surgical changes to it, but could you comment on what the level of maintenance CapEx would be for the combined company now, in case you did need to take a more significant change approach there?
James P. Rogers: Yes, I'll let Curt give you that. But I will say, we do like we're on a bit of a different path than some of the other companies. We did a lot of the heavy lifting over the last 3 years in terms of our portfolio. I also think that doing the Solutia acquisition gives us a clear path to how we keep growing earnings double digits. So while others may be out there kind of wondering how they're going to do it and they're not posting record quarters and they're having to kind of scramble and go at it from the cost position, we think we've always been pretty disciplined on cost. I'll just give you one example that I've wanted to squeeze in, I'm going to use your question to do it. But just on things like headcount, we use a phrase around here, "It's easier not to hire than to fire." And so when we announced the Solutia deal, we put a hiring freeze on different functions to free up spots for some of the people to help us get those synergies, et cetera. I mean, we just think a little differently. So we're in growth mode right now. You've seen that we can be disciplined. You see how we acted in '08, '09, how we can handle cash, not just on the capital line but across working capital, our expenses, et cetera. So that has not changed. We're there if the world turns south on us. And with that, Curt, what do we usually say maintenance is?
Curtis E. Espeland: Well, it's a -- heritage Eastman, we used to talk about a $200 million type of number. Heritage Solutia is probably a $50 million, maybe a little bit more type of number. So about $250 million is kind of the profile capital maintenance that we require, plus or minus 10%.
Operator: For our final question, we'll go to Bill Young with ChemSpeak.
William Young: 2 quick things. Could you please bring us up-to-date on the progress you -- being made on your new additives for tires? And of course, the Solutia acquisition seems to transact pretty well. And secondly, maybe a little more transparency, if you have it, on the Performance Films area.
James P. Rogers: Yes, let me -- I'll start with Performance Films. I don't know how much more we want to say about the additive for tires other than I think tires are going to be very, very good for us. The -- I think it was already in that line, "Baseball is going to be very -- been very, very good to me." I think tire is going to be very, very good to us. And in fact, let me just hit that now: We're using our technology in a number of ways across a number of markets. Tires is a place we know from the Eastman side, from resins. Obviously, the Solutia product is very big in that marketplace as well. We're finding ways to work together with customers. We think we got something pretty good that we'll talk more about on Investor Day in terms of solving some of the problems the tire makers have and that could be quite attractive. Realize, every time you work on something like this, though, with the product life cycles and how long it takes to get into tires, et cetera, it's not a quick turn-pop. So it takes a little while to get -- to create that value. What was the second part? The...
William Young: Performance Films.
James P. Rogers: Yes, this is one I like. I got to admit, I didn't know much about it. In our part of the world, people don't put a lot of films on their cars. Asia, they do. I think it has some of the best growth prospects in the portfolio. I think it's an area where we underestimated how much Eastman can help in terms of manufacturing operational excellence type stuff, commercial processes. So this is one I like and I we would -- the guys from Solutia who work in this business already appreciate being part of Eastman in terms of the problem-solving.
William Young: Okay. You're having problems in Asia now; you emphasized that before. You said it's a big product in Asia, the Performance Films?
James P. Rogers: Yes. Yes, and I think that business is dependent upon some new auto sales levels that they come off. And that business will be impacted, but there'll be more innovations and more others we could penetrate.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay. Thanks again, everyone, for joining us this morning. A web replay and a replay in downloadable MP3 format will be available on our website beginning approximately 11 AM this morning. And if you didn't hear, we're having an Investor Day on November 5. We look forward to seeing you there. If you have not RSVP-d, please do so. Thanks very much.
Operator: Again, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. We thank everyone for joining us.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-31 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory A. Riddle - Director of Investor Relations James P. Rogers - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Edlain S. Rodriguez - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Research Division Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Nils-Bertil Wallin - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Andrew Feinman
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Results Conference Call. Just a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. This call is also being broadcast live on Eastman's website, www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over, for opening remarks and introductions to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Companies Investor Relations. Greg, please go ahead.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay. Thank you, Debbie, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Jim Rogers, Chairman and CEO; Curt Espeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Fernando Subijana, Manager of Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover 2 items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual results could differ materially from our plans and expectations. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's second quarter 2012 financial results news release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the form 10-K filed for full year 2011 and the form 10-Q to be filed for second quarter 2012. Second, except where otherwise indicated, Eastman financial measures referenced in this presentation are non-GAAP financial measures, such as earnings per share and operating earnings that exclude Solutia acquisition, financing transaction integration costs and the second quarter 2011 gain from the sale of a previously impaired asset. In addition, Solutia earnings are presented as adjusted EBITDA, which is defined as net income before interest expense, income taxes and depreciation and amortization and certain items that affect comparability and noncash stock compensation expense. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures, including a description of the Solutia acquisition transaction financing integration costs, the gain from the sale of a previously impaired asset and Solutia-adjusted EBITDA, are available in our second quarter financial results news release and the tables accompanying the news release available on our website, eastman.com. Lastly, we have posted slides that accompany our remarks for this morning's presentation on our website in the Presentations and Events section. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James P. Rogers: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. I'm told we got a record number of people on the phone this morning, so thanks for joining us. That could be because we're doing it on a Tuesday, but more likely, it's because we have a little bit more to talk about with not only our heritage business, but also the Solutia business. So let me start on Slide 3. As is my normal practice, I'll start by reviewing our key outlook statements. First, when we announced the Solutia acquisition back in January, we indicated we expected to close the transaction midyear 2012. And thanks to a lot of hard work, we were able to meet that timeline closing on July 2, and we're very happy to have Solutia as part of Eastman. Obviously, I'll talk more about Solutia second quarter results in a few minutes, and then Curt will talk about our progress on integration and synergies in his section. Next, back in April, we indicated we expected our full year EPS to be approximately $5.30 in 2012, and we are still on track for that target. And I'd remind you that this would be 10% earnings growth. And lastly, we indicated we expected to generate $1 billion of free cash over the next 2 years. And again, we're on track to deliver on that commitment. Given all the portfolio work we've done over the last several years, including the acquisition of Solutia, we now have a portfolio of businesses that we expect will generate solid, consistent earnings growth and cash generation for years to come. On Slide 4, I'll cover Eastman corporate results. Sales revenue declined 2%, driven mostly by the Specialty Plastics and Fibers segments. Operating earnings increased, with particular strength in the CASPI and PCI segments. Second quarter EPS was $1.40, slightly below second quarter 2011 EPS. And I'd remind you that last year's second quarter EPS was a record for any quarter. And second quarter 2012 is the second-highest EPS we've ever reported. We also had a higher tax rate year-over-year, up about 300 basis points, primarily due to the mix of earnings being more domestic. And overall, our heritage Eastman businesses continue to deliver strong results despite an uncertain global economic environment. Before I give some color on the heritage Eastman segments, beginning on Slide 5 with CASPI, I'll remind you that second quarter will be the last time we report on this basis. When we announced the close of the Solutia transaction, we also announced the new organizational structure with 5 segments, and we will report on that basis beginning with the third quarter. With that said, sales revenue for CASPI was pretty stable year-over-year, down 1%. Operating earnings increased to a quarterly record of $114 million, up $10 million year-over-year and $16 million sequentially. They were able to increase spread, primarily in solvents, as the decline in raw material and energy costs was only partially offset by lower selling prices, which were down 1%. And we continue to expect the underlying CASPI business to deliver strong results in 2012, albeit with some seasonal decline in demand. Fibers is next on Slide 6. Revenue was down 4% year-over-year, with a big driver being an unfavorable shift in product mix. Operating earnings were down slightly year-over-year. But as you know, operating earnings for the fiber segment can move around quarter-to-quarter based on customer buying patterns. What is more important is the annual earnings growth we've been able to deliver, and we continue to expect that fibers will report a very strong year, increasing earnings for the ninth year in a row. PCI is on Slide 7. Sales revenue was unchanged, but there were a few moving parts. Volume increased 4%, and a favorable shift in product mix helped revenue by 2%, both due to higher acetyl sales in the U.S. and the impact of the Sterling and Scandiflex acquisitions, both of which closed in third quarter last year. Selling prices declined primarily in the olefin derivative product lines due to lower raw material and energy cost. Operating earnings increased both year-over-year and sequentially, primarily due to lower raw material and energy cost and the benefit of producing versus purchasing olefin. We currently expect olefin frac-ing spreads will be favorable in 2012 compared with 2011 due to both the continued benefit of propane to propylene spread and improvement in ethylene spreads. These spreads are expected to narrow somewhat in third quarter, but PCI's businesses should have a strong second half of the year. On Slide 8 is Specialty Plastics. Sales revenue year-over-year was down 6%, primarily due to lower sales volume. That was partially offset by a favorable shift in product mix and higher selling prices. The volume decline was mainly in the U.S. and Europe and was for copolyester products going into the consumer and durable goods markets. Sequentially, volume was about flat. Of course, volume in the first half of 2011 was very strong, and we expect the year-over-year comparisons will be a little easier the second half of the year. The favorable shift in mix was primarily due to higher sales of cellulose esters into the LCD market, where we saw some acceleration in the second quarter from fairly low levels in the first quarter. Operating earnings were down $4 million year-over-year, primarily due to lower sales volume and resulting lower capacity utilization. Sequentially, operating earnings increased $8 million due to the higher sales into the LCD market and lower raw material costs, particularly for paraxylene, which was down slightly from first quarter. Looking at the year, we expect normal seasonality in the second half of the year but continue to expect Specialty Plastics business to have a solid year. Next up on Slide 9 is the summary of Solutia's second quarter results. As a reminder, Solutia earnings are not included in our second quarter results since the acquisition closed on July 2, but we thought it obviously made sense to provide you with some color on their performance. Sales revenue declined by 4% year-over-year. This was driven by the exchange rate effect of the strengthening dollar, primarily versus the euro. Volume overall also declined slightly, with an increase in both the Technical Specialties and Performance Film segments, more than offset by decline in the Advanced Interlayers segments, which includes photovoltaics. Adjusted EBITDA declined to $115 million from $141 million in the year ago quarter. Most of the EBITDA decline was in the Advanced Interlayers businesses, and there were 3 primary factors. First, lower sales volume for the Saflex product lines in Europe, and this was for both the architectural and the auto market. Second, lower sales volume and margins for the photovoltaic encapsulants product lines. And third, cost associated with growth initiatives, particularly for Saflex and Crystex. Curt will talk more in his comments about the favorable financing we obtained for the transaction, the progress we are making on integration and achieving the cost synergies we have targeted and the very strong cash flow we're expecting over the next 2 years. Turning now to our outlook on Slide 10. There continues to be significant uncertainty regarding the global economy. Our view is that Europe is near at a recessionary level, but we are not anticipating things to get worse. In Asia Pacific, and particularly in China, growth has slowed, but we don't see signs of further weakening there, either. And the U.S. remained solid, and we expect that will continue. Factoring in our strong first half earnings, our expectations from normal seasonality in the second half of the year and our expectation of raw material and energy cost will continue to be less volatile than in past years. We expect to generate earnings growth in 2012 compared with 2011. This earnings growth is driven primarily by 2 factors: solid performance of our heritage Eastman businesses, which continue to deliver strong earnings; and earnings in the second half from the Solutia businesses. One other factor is the higher tax rate, which, as I mentioned earlier, was up in the second quarter. We expect this will continue in the second half of the year, and the corporate rate for the remainder of the year will be approximately 34%. And I remind you that we continue to work through purchase accounting related to the Solutia acquisition. Considering all of these factors, we continue to expect 2012 earnings per share of approximately $5.30, which would be an increase of about 10% compared to 2011 and would be our third consecutive year of double-digit earnings growth. Now I started a practice of having a 1-minute CEO spotlight. And this time, you'll see it on Page 11, Slide 11, where I wanted to talk about the new joint venture that we're just announcing. And as I do this, I want to compliment the CASPI team for all the work not only for putting up the quarter they put up, but, at the same time, nailing this one down. And just kudos all around for an excellent 90 days. I'll conclude my comments, then, on Slide 11 by announcing the joint venture with YPC to build a world-scale hydrogenated hydrocarbon resins plant. Let me remind you that we have a successful JV with our partner, YPC, that has been producing hydrogenated resin since 2001. This new plant at 50,000 net tons will be much larger than the existing Chinese facility. As you can see in the chart, Eastman has been aggressively expanding its presence in this growing market. We estimate that the global market is growing at 7% on a compound annual basis. And this explains why although we have been continually adding capacity, we've been on allocation for most of the last several years. Market growth has been fueled by hygiene adhesives, with disposable diapers being the most important driver. Overall, diaper consumption is only 20% to 25% of potential demand, with high penetration in developed countries, but very low penetration in the rest of the world. Additionally, new, more sophisticated diapers require increased quantities of hydrogenated hydrocarbon resin. Another growing application is hot-melt packaging adhesives. New formulations enabled by our resins are replacing more traditional adhesives as they reduce downtime and production lines, which, therefore, increases throughput. As a summary, the capacity that we will be bringing to the market represents 2 years of market growth and will be located in the region of the world that we expect will experience the highest part of that growth. With that, let me turn it over to Curt.
Curtis E. Espeland: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. I'll start by reviewing our solid cash performance in the second quarter, as highlighted on Slide 13. Cash from operations was $316 million. This is driven by continued strong net earnings. Working capital was up slightly in the quarter and is about flat for the first half of the year. Free cash flow for the quarter was a very strong $194 million. Capital expenditures were $87 million, and I'll talk more about our full year expectations for capital expenditures in a few minutes. And, of course, we paid our dividend in the quarter, which was $35 million. This solid performance keeps us on track to meet our previous free cash flow expectations for the year for heritage Eastman. Next, on Slide 14, I'll review the financing for the Solutia transaction. As you can see from the table, we were able to obtain very attractive financing for that acquisition. The notes were significantly oversubscribed, and we ended up increasing the allocation of the 30-year notes from originally $300 million to $500 million. The weighted average interest rate of 2.8% is better than our previous expectations. Going forward with this new financing, we now have an annualized interest rate cost approaching $190 million for the company, including amortization of some pre-issuance interest rate hedges. And this level of interest cost will decline as we delever over the coming months. Overall, we were very pleased with the financing for the transaction, and I want to congratulate our treasury team and their partners in achieving such a great outcome. Next are some comments regarding integration on Slide 15. Even though the acquisition closed on July 2, we began planning our integration efforts shortly after the deal was announced. We have a number of cross-functional teams leading the integration effort, and they are doing an outstanding job. One of our key priorities is retaining key talent from the acquisition, and we have been successful there to date. The feedback from our employees on the acquisition has been very positive, and the professionalism exhibited by everyone I've encountered at Solutia sites has been outstanding. As Jim mentioned earlier, we do have a new operating structure with 5 segments. We have been under way since close to implement this new structure, aligning activities with the new business responsibilities, and, importantly, everyone's remaining focused on serving our customers. We also have a good start on merging the capabilities of the functions of the 2 companies in the areas like finance, HR, IT, supply chain, et cetera. And lastly, we also have received positive feedback from customers and suppliers that the transition post-closing has gone well. While still early, we're off to a very good start on our integration efforts. Thus, we remain committed to the cost, tax and revenue synergies we announced back in January, as listed here on Slide 16. Starting with cost. We have identified cost synergies of approximately $100 million and are now developing specific implementation plans. These include reducing corporate costs, which you would expect with 2 public companies. About 1/3 of these cost synergies were day 1 synergies that we had targeted, and we've already achieved those synergies, and we'll see the benefit of those in the second half of this year. We also see potential synergies in the purchase of raw materials and working -- we are working through different options and opportunities there. And we expect this combination will result in improved manufacturing and supply chain processes across all of our businesses. We remain highly confident that we will achieve a $100 million run rate of cost synergies by the end of 2013. Moving next to tax synergies. These remain a source of value for the acquisition. Solutia has approximately $1.3 billion of NOLs that we can utilize over the next 15 years, of which 1/2 will be utilized on the next 3 years on an accelerating basis. There are also foreign tax credits well in excess of $150 million that can be utilized over the next 10 years. And the combination of Solutia's geographical profile and efficient tax planning should still enable us to reduce our corporate tax rate to approximately 31%. On the revenue synergy front, we have been working closely with our businesses since close, and we continue to have the confidence that these are real, but will take some time to realize. We also believe Eastman will bring strong commercial capabilities to supplement the existing Solutia businesses which will improve overall profitability in the medium and long term. In sum, we are on track to achieve the targeted synergies in each of these areas. Let's turn to Slide 17 and talk about capital allocation. At first, I'd like you to point to the bottom of the page in the banner listed there. We are on track to meet or exceed our target of $1 billion of free cash flow over the next 2 years. And you can expect we'll remain balanced in allocating that free cash flow with a bias towards deleveraging over the next 18 months. While we do so, you can also expect we'll continue to pursue value-creating growth. On capital expenditures, the combined Eastman and Solutia capital expenditures for 2012 should be approximately $500 million, with $400 million for heritage Eastman and about $100 million for the Solutia businesses in the second half of the year. On debt, I already mentioned that we issued $2.4 billion of public debt and the new $1.2 billion term loan. On joint ventures and acquisitions, besides the new Regalite joint venture that Jim just discussed, we are also on schedule for our joint venture with China National Tobacco Corporation for 30,000 tonne -- met tonne acetate tow capacity, which is scheduled to be online mid-2013. On the dividend, it continues to be reasonable for investors to expect that as we continue to grow earnings that the dividend would grow also. And of course, that will be a discussion we have with our board. And as we achieve an acceptable level of deleveraging, share repurchases will be considered as part of our capital allocation choices, just as we've done in the past prior to Solutia acquisition. The main message here is that we are on track to deliver very strong cash over the next several years and beyond, and we will be disciplined in our capital allocation choices. Finally, turning to Slide 18, I'd like to invite you to join us at our 2012 Investor Day in New York, scheduled for the afternoon of November 5. We're again holding the event at the Sentry Center in New York City. This meeting is a great opportunity to share with you our vision and our growth plans, showcase the depth of our product lines and our product innovations and give you a chance to interact with senior leaders of Eastman. I'll look forward to seeing you there, and with that, I'll turn it back over to Greg.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay. Thanks, Curt, and this concludes our prepared remarks. Debbie, we are ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question today from Dave Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Jim, just on the Solutia businesses, can you comment on, perhaps, second half expectations? If you did 241 of EBITDA in the first half, what would you expect their EBITDA to be in the back half of the year?
James P. Rogers: First of all, I just want to say what a little smart aleck you are for your head -- for your title on your alert, "guidance reaffirmed corrected." I'm teasing you, because I felt a little funny about that. I'll get to your question on Solutia, but I felt a little funny about that, because we did beat, and then here we are, we didn't raise our guidance. And I know that goes through people's minds. And you're kind of getting to it, asking about Solutia's second half. And obviously, we're just getting to know these businesses, getting to see the decisions they've made recently, let me put it that way. I would guess the second half will look something like the first half, maybe even a little lighter than the first half. We'll -- just talking from an EBITDA perspective. But I don't have a lot of surety around exactly what those numbers are going to be. That's why we kind of kept it at $5.30. We can see our businesses are performing quite well, quite strong. We can see the option as we got inside Solutia, how quickly we can get in there and make things happen, we'll see. But I'm guessing second half, if we use roughly the first half, that's probably not bad.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's helpful. And Jim, just on the propane propylene benefit in Q2, can you comment on that? And you mentioned it will be a little bit narrower in Q3 and Q4 as well?
James P. Rogers: Yes. I mean -- but it's going to be a great year for the spread. I talked about how I wanted to kind of get away from talking about that. We even sized it for you 1 year just so you could see that it wasn't all that huge for us. And yet it feels really good when it's going our way, I got to tell you. It is a nice wind at our back, so the spread's going to be there. Again, the one thing as people think about spread and they look at some of the other names, one of the things they got to remember is the way we go to market. And we're really just exploding through to derivatives, and we're trying to be more stable for our customers in terms of pricing. So we're not always getting every last penny when the raws go up, and the flip side, we don't always give it back. And so partly what you see, great quarter this quarter, where that lag was probably working for us. Margins come in a little bit over the next couple of quarters when maybe the lag's working against us. But we've got a little bit different strategy than some of the guys who were a little uptight from us, you might say.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And just lastly, any restocking, destocking trends you can call out in the businesses in June and/or July?
James P. Rogers: That's a good question. I didn't really see anything that caught my attention. Curt looked at the orders. I guess the orders were staying fairly strong when we looked at our order book before the conference call. But that's thinking more of the heritage Eastman businesses. But I didn't really hear a lot of comments on customer destocking, restocking...
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes. David, when we look at -- you've heard us talk about or looking at our order books 3 weeks and 8 weeks out. Generally speaking, those trends remained to be pretty solid. Probably the only exception where we saw some weakness was some packaging and durable goods in Asia in our Specialty Plastics business.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Jim, your pricing in PCI was a little weak with -- and that's understandable, given lower propylene prices. The recent oxo contract settled down 10%. So it just seems that this pricing weakness is likely to persist in second half. So wanted to get your comments on that, and what can you do to offset some of this weakness?
James P. Rogers: Greg is trying to get my attention. So you've got some color you want to...
Gregory A. Riddle: Well, no, I mean, I agree. It was down 5%, and that's very much reflective of the lower propylene prices. And as we just talked about, in terms of lag, sometimes it takes a little while for the pricing to catch up with the lower raws, and so you might see some of that in the second half of the year.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And the second question was on, again, a little bit to follow up on propane to propylene. You could have a situation where propylene is a bit weak, but as we approach winter, propylene could go up, especially given that you've got new propane export terminals starting up. So given that, what's your outlook in second half and beyond?
James P. Rogers: I don't -- it seems like you're asking the same thing to try and get a different answer, different ways. I mean, you're right. The winter can move propane around some. We do typically do some hedging in the wintertime to try and shield you guys from that, to a certain extent, so you don't have to talk that much about it. I would say, overall, the markets have not done a fantastic job of calling where propane propylene spread's going to go. I remember last year, with some trepidation, we talked about how this -- we ought to have a little bit of a tailwind at our back, and it's probably a pretty decent tailwind at our back this year. But you're right, no one can predict what the winter's going to do, so that could move your raw material. I'd just, once again, remind people that our pricing strategy on the derivatives really doesn't just track 1x the propane ethane. And I guess the only other color I'd give you, P.J., is, obviously, it's the ethylene side that is quite beneficial when I look at year-over-year comparisons, propane to propylene, fairly similar as we think about what the year's going to look like. But the ethylene is the one that's outperforming. And you know we keep half of that internally and sell half.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Jim, you're expanding Regalite capacity so often, it's becoming a challenge to keep up with the various projects you're in. So with regard to your latest joint venture here with YPC in China, maybe can you just talk a little bit about the relationship with YPC? What the size of the Regalite business is today, to the extent that you can comment on that, as well as margins? And do you expect this level of growth to continue over the intermediate term? Just a little bit more color around this hydrogenated hydrocarbon business will be helpful.
James P. Rogers: Yes. I mean it's one of the bright spots. And when we lay out how we're reorganizing the company and our reporting segments, you're going to have more of a -- you're going to have more visibility into this business, because it's the adhesives piece that's going to be with the plasticizer piece. And you're going to see a couple of really strong growers with decent earnings, decent double-digit earnings. So overall, one of the bright spots deserves the capital, some of the better returns when you line up all your capital projects. A relationship with YPC is exactly what would you -- what you would want. You'd want a partner like a Sinopec partner. You'd want to be in China. The other part you didn't ask but that deserves some credit, we got fantastic relationships with the multinational global customers here, very strong. I mean, it's with them that we're comfortable. It's our relationship with them that gets us the comfort to go ahead and do this expansion because we can see where the product's going to go that comes out of this plant. We know the -- basically, know the names for who's going to be taking this product, who wants this product, because this market's been so tight. So I mean, I could go on and on, on this segment. I don't want to size it for you. You can probably get an indication of size when you look at some of the expansions that were done. I mean, this is more than just a Regalite that's in there. Do we talk about the revenue for this -- for Regalite specifically? I don't think we ever have, but good growing business, significant. You're going to see more of it when it's put together with the plasticizer business.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Is it safe to say this is a premium-margin business for you?
James P. Rogers: Oh, yes. The hydrogenated hydrocarbons is the good stuff.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, okay. Then second question, Jim, I understand you're hard at work extracting the various synergies. But to the extent that the external environment today is presumably weaker than what everyone would've thought several quarters ago, are there additional levers that you can pull in terms of cost extraction, restructuring initiatives, either on the legacy Eastman side or on the legacy Solutia side? And I guess, similar question for CapEx in terms of cash maximization. How are you thinking about that in terms of contingency planning?
James P. Rogers: The answer is yes. Most smart management teams won't talk exactly about all the different levers that they could pull. You're right that the economic environment is not quite as good as we'd want them. But let's face it, Europe's pretty much in recession right now, or at least the bulk of Europe is in recession. And so the way I'm looking at it, I'm seeing what Solutia looks like when one of its major market segments is in recession. And if I think about it, as we head to being more diversified, as we are, so we're not as quite as dependent on North America and get diversified by geographies and by markets, there's always going to be something that's a headwind. There's always going to be something that's a tailwind. I happen to think that's one of the strengths of Eastman right now, that as you look across the company, there's -- we can talk positively about the frac-ing spreads but then kind of moan together about what Europe looks like. Long term, I think this is going to steady out our earnings and help us continue that double-digit earnings growth. When I look within Solutia and think about the synergies, I feel really good about the $100 million. In fact, if you'll let me, just a little back of the envelope, the way I think about this sometimes, if you think about interest expense we've picked up being about $100 million a year and the synergies we're going after being about $100 million a year and then if you get aggressive on your synergy targets over time, and say, maybe we can get a little more out of that and say, "Well, I issued some extra shares. What's the dividend carry on those extra shares I issued?" you could get to the point with time that your synergies were basically covering your carrying costs of the data buying this thing. So therefore, what you got left is the cash flows off of the business less the CapEx that pay off your debt. And again, because of the environment, yes, negative economically but strong financial market-wise, this one's going to look really good. I can look inside the businesses and see that some of the stuff, some of the decisions they've had to make, which, admittedly, have had more of a short-term focus, they've been more restrained in terms of coming out of bankruptcy, I can just see things already that we're going to do differently as we focus on a balance between short- and midterm, say, results. And very confident that you're going to see what these businesses can really do. It will take us a couple of quarters here for a lot of that to kick in. I agree with Curt. I think it's -- the timing will be through '13 that we'll be able to capture these synergies. I'm sure we'll be looking at $100 million as a floor and saying, "We've got to do better than that." In terms of other levers, let's be honest. They've pulled a few levers back in the last recession and did some things. I don't see anything as dramatic as they did 3 or 4 years ago for us. I think we're going to be able to focus much more on the opportunities, how we can help them in product development, how we can help them in manufacturing, how we're going to accelerate some of the stuff they wanted to get done, capture the value earlier. But having said that, I think we got a bit of a track record, and I think we should get credit for knowing how to handle ourselves in various different economic environments. And when we say we're going to do 5 30 this year and next year is going to have a 6 in front of it, we're going to be taking the actions necessary to make that happen.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Edlain Rodriguez with Lazard Capital Markets.
Edlain S. Rodriguez - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Just one quick question on CASPI [indiscernible], Jim. Back in April, you had mentioned how on all of CASPI's business lines were up within at high levels with many products now being sold out. How has that changed since then? And how do you see the domain data mix for the second half of the year?
James P. Rogers: Well, I wish I could go ahead and do this quarter over and over and over again. That would be pretty cool. I don't remember saying there was a lot sold out. I know, in particular, we were talking about the resins business being on allocation and quite tight. On some of their other businesses, particularly their polymer, some of the really high-margin stuff, maybe stuff that we're the only ones in the world who make it, we never let the utilization rate get too high without debottlenecking that in some capacity. So it's rare that on the -- I was using the phrase, really good stuff -- the really good stuff, the stuff that we're the only ones who make, it's rare that we would ever get into a sold-out situation. We just don't want to ever do that to our customers. So we got the juice left to meet it. I think the issue probably comes down more to the demand we see around the globe in the different end markets. And guys, it's tough out there. One of the things I'm proud of is that we were able to deliver these results the way the world looks right now. I mean, Europe is a mess. And then you can go kind of market by market, whether it's building and construction, particularly durable goods, things like that. It's quite soft out there, so we'll see how CASPI does. I mean, I think last time we gave guidance for the full year, we thought they'd be around 3 80 or so. And I think they're going to do better than that, obviously, with what they've got under the belt already. But we'll just have to -- we'll have to see how they do. But I'm not worried about capacity or our market share, things like that. If anything, it's just more that end market demand in places like Europe.
Edlain S. Rodriguez - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay, makes sense. All right, one quick question like longer term, like in terms of acquisitions. I mean now that you have Solutia, like, do you feel that the portfolio is complete now? Or do you still think that there's some more room for more additional bolt-on acquisitions in the Eastman legacy businesses? And where do you see there's a need for that?
James P. Rogers: Okay. we'll start with our mandate. Our #1 mandate is to grow the value of the company, and particularly, grow the earnings of the company, so we're going to do that on 2 legs. And of course, there's always the organic growth. You're asking about the inorganic piece. We just took a really big step with Solutia. We deserve a little bit of time to get it under our belt. I wanted to echo, by the way, Curt's comments. The employees of Solutia have just been fantastic. I think they're pretty upbeat about being part of a larger chemical company. We're not meeting any resistance when it comes to getting synergies and getting things done. In fact, there's a lot of excitement about how we can grow these businesses together. Part of that excitement comes from -- that we'll have the ability to do bolt-ons in their existing businesses if we see the opportunity, but also in the core businesses. And having said that, we got the opportunity. We'll have the financial strength to do that. Of course, top priority for cash is paying down debt here in the near term. But then the issue is, is there really much in the way of bolt-ons out there? And that's kind of where you were coming from. We'll just have to see. I mean I was -- I got to tell you, I was a little disappointed we didn't see more bolt-ons in the 2010, 2011 timeframe. We did a few in the plasticizer world. There may be some more out there, but we take such a disciplined approach in terms of what we're willing to pay and does it drive us in the direction we want to go. But I don't want to pull up a lot of hopes for there's going to be a lot more bolt-ons or something coming. If it makes sense, we'll do it, but I'm not sure how many there are in the core businesses.
Operator: We'll go next to Duffy Fischer with Barclays.
Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Research Division: On the Solutia part itself, I guess, one, it wasn't under your control, but how did that 1 15 number kind of come in relative to your expectations for the business sitting from the outside? And then when you think about moving from a nearer-term view that the Solutia management had to kind of your medium- to longer-term view, does that really mean that margins are going to come down as we're going to have to put some more SG&A, R&D through these businesses to get them to grow more over time?
James P. Rogers: Yes, let me start there. That's not the signal I was trying to send. Let me start with the beginning of your question, the 1 15. Yes, that was a disappointment, no doubt about it. I was hoping that they would do a little better. I can understand that 3 months before your company gets sold that you might not expect crackerjack results. I know that they had some things that I might think of as more onetime, or at least, I hope they're onetime, like some bad debts adding to environmental reserves, things like that. But still, it was a disappointment. It was mainly around Europe. It was mainly Saflex in the photovoltaic business. And I think we know how to help both of those businesses. When I talk about short term versus medium term, it doesn't necessarily mean spending more money. A lot of this has to do with how you approach the market and some of the decisions you make in terms of your contracting, your pricing, either relationships you build with your customers, et cetera. So maybe you're not just going quarter-to-quarter maximizing earnings. Maybe what you're trying to do was think a little bit longer term with your key customers and take a longer-term approach to value capture out of the marketplace. So I think I said it before, I see opportunities for things we will do differently. And I'm guessing that you won't be able to see much of that through the rest of this year, that '13 will be a year of transition. And when we get to 2014, you're really going to like the way these businesses look.
Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then shifting to Specialty Plastics, a little smaller business. But copolyesters was taking some pretty good market share, so for volumes to be down that significantly was a surprise to me. Do you think there was an inventory effect there? Can you talk a little bit about -- more about the market share you're taking with copolyesters and what's happening with volumes there?
James P. Rogers: Yes, I can. I mean -- and maybe Curt wants to add some color, because I feel like I'm doing all the talking here. But I can tell you the place I see that got hit was really the durables. And Mark Costa's given me the example yesterday about, Jim, when the economy's tough, people just aren't out buying new blenders and new durable goods that might have our copoly unit. You saw a nice pickup in the CT, cellulose triacetate, that goes into the displays in flat screens. That really helped Asia and helped that business sequentially. But I would say they're very much exposed to the durable goods part of it. They've got a lot of work under way to move their mix to things more like medical, et cetera, but that takes time. I'd say on the Tritan line, the second line we brought up, we filled that first one out really fast. I'd say we got kind of spoiled on that one. Tritan, when you think about the markets it's going into, it's fighting the same kind of durable goods battle right now, so that was flat. And it's probably going to take us a little longer to fill that second line now, but that doesn't shake my confidence. I can see the value proposition. I know we've got a good product. I know we'll take share from some of the competing materials. I don't know if there's anything...
Curtis E. Espeland: The thing I might add is that some of their businesses are more economically sensitive than others. The great thing about that, we've made the investment. We have the capacity so when those end markets come back, this business is well positioned to improve its performance.
Operator: We'll go next to Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I appreciate your comment about you deserve maybe credit for some stuff that you guys have done over time. But I guess when I look at your margin structure, it sort of says specialty. But when I look at your multiple, it screams commodity. And maybe this is a function of your historic legacy in polyethylene and PET. But I'm just curious, what can you guys do or how do you think you get to a reasonable shareholder investor regard for your portfolio when it seems stuck sort of in the history?
James P. Rogers: I very much appreciate the question. It's one that, quite often, we ask people on your side of the desk. Look, we all know multiples are sticky. We know there's lots of CEO's out there who try and jawbone them up, et cetera. I never thought that really has any kind of lasting impact. I do think it -- a lot depends on how we talk about ourselves and think of ourselves and how we represent our businesses. So just to be very open, talking about things like volume doesn't sound as much like a specialty business as just talking about end markets and growth in end markets. And as we roll these businesses together and we get our new segments, I think it's going to be clearer to people just the results of all the work that's been done and what we see as our prospects for growth in our margins. So I always have a hard time if someone says specialty versus commodity. And then you say, "Well, define specialty," and then you get 5 or 6 different answers. But to us, what we're driving, and I think people are going to have to eventually recognize, is we're driving year-over-year earnings growth. And we're doing it whichever way is the most efficient and makes the most sense. We have a great financing market. We saw an opportunity with Solutia to pick up some quality businesses and put it into a portfolio of other businesses that have strong cash flows. So you really don't have to leave opportunities on the table, like maybe you do if you come out of bankruptcy and were pretty inhibited in your cash flows. And I think it's just a matter of time. But how quickly the market gets there, I'm not sure.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Can I ask you on your portfolio, in the quarter, you had a 1% price decline, which was clearly far better than a lot of commodity companies. But it was still a decline. You mentioned you're trying not to price your products on sort of a cost basis. So for a typical Eastman product, how often do you reset pricing, and how do those contracts look?
James P. Rogers: Yes, I mean as much as I'd love to say, it's just all specialty, part of that is the fact that the raws came up. We actually expanded spreads in the company overall when I look at just price versus raw materials and energy, it actually expanded a little bit. But much of our markets, much of our businesses, the pricing is more quarterly, annual in some places, like fibers. Probably the correct way to do it is to have pricing formulas that are more monthly, frankly, monthly to quarterly. But again, it just depends on the product. So that would be true for the more heritage, commodity-like stuff for the more specialty stuff that's priced off of value proposition, some of the stuff in CASPI, for example, will just get repriced once a year. Fibers is once a year. Some of the Solutia businesses are just once a year. So we'll try and hit the right mix, the right blend working with our customers and what works for them.
Operator: We'll go next to Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: One of the themes of Eastman since you announced the Solutia transaction has been your tax savings. And yet, in the second half, you now think that the tax rate will be 34%. So did you run into obstacles that are keeping you from using some of the NOLs or some of the tax strategies that you thought you could employ?
James P. Rogers: I'll let Curt take this one.
Curtis E. Espeland: Jeff, no, the answer to that is no. What you're seeing right now is just simply the effect of a more predominant earnings mix of U.S. versus outside the U.S. We think, over time, that will correct itself. As it relates to implementing tax planning or tax efficiency structures, we're in the process of doing that today. A lot of that will be put in place the end of third quarter, some going into fourth quarter. So we do believe we'll see the benefit of tax structure. And so we will get to those benefits. And if you get some reasonable return to the mix of domestic and foreign earnings, that's what gives us comfort to get to that 31% rate. On the usage of the NOL, we're still highly confident to use that. You saw in our S-4, we thought that number's going to be about $675 million. We still feel good about that number. Maybe it will be even a little bit better.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So I don't think that you expected that your tax rate would be that high for the second quarter. And I think about the conditions under which you bought Solutia, and that was a world in which ethylene prices were $0.55 a pound. Then order of magnitude, they dropped into the high 30s, now they're in the low 40s. So presumably, the raw material synergies that you expected from Solutia really should be much larger than what you originally expected. So are you getting more -- because you must have higher pretax income with this higher tax rate. So are you getting more raw material synergies that you forecast in the second half that's offset by a higher tax rate?
James P. Rogers: Let me start of, then Curt may want to add. But again, the tax rate had more to do with where the earnings are. And as you know, the way most companies get that lower tax rate is by having more overseas earnings and lower tax jurisdictions. When I think about raw material synergies, it's not what price ethylene is at any one point in time. It's what we're going to be able to do within our supply chain in terms of buying their raw materials, et cetera, or the swaps that we'll do with other companies. So I don't know, Curt, do you want to...
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes, Jeff, if you're talking about 2 aspects of your question. I think, first of all, as it relates to the tax rate, yes, that tax rate is higher than we'd probably envisioned back in January. So if you think about just kind of our expectations at that time, what you're seeing is Eastman's businesses are probably doing a little bit better. Solutia's business is doing a little bit worse. But then offsetting some of that tax rate impact is the better financing that we had in place. As it relates to the $100 million of cost synergies, we have assumed some modest improvement in raw material savings and logistics savings. I think a year or so from now, we're going to -- when we talk about and report on about how we did against those synergies, I think we'll do better than that, particularly in the raw material side.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, in the last conference call, you talked about, I think in 2015, being able to buy 300 million pounds of propylene, or, effectively, something like that from PDH producer. I guess now it's clear that that's enterprise. So when you did that deal, do you have to pay an upfront fee that gives you cost economics? And if you do, is it $100 million or $50 million or -- if you don't, why is it rational for them to just give you manufacturing economics in propylene?
James P. Rogers: Yes, actually, Jeff, there's no upfront fee. And in fact, there's a contract that gives us propylene even sooner than the plant being finished that's also advantaged. So we'll get some benefiting before the plant comes online. Why does it makes sense for them? Because they have the surety of a nice credit like Eastman taking a big chunk of their offtake, and they build up the plant. I mean, they really could accept a lower return. It's really a good return, by the way, but they could accept a lower return because they have such a low-risk project. At least, that's the way I would analyze their side of the table.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo Securities.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I noted that you said that you guys had the second-highest quarter this past quarter. So that would give you the silver medal, but we're all expecting gold here. Can we see gold-medal performance in the third quarter?
James P. Rogers: That's going to be tough. That's going to be tough. My guess, we're not really giving quarter-by-quarter guidance, but if you were a betting man, you would say it's going to look similar to the second quarter. Now realize, we didn't go into it a lot. There's going to be a lot of noise and confusion, because when you buy a company, you write all their inventories up to market, and there's all that kind of stuff we're going to have to guide you through. But assuming that the world kind of holds together here, you're probably going to have a similar -- speaking just of the heritage businesses, a similar kind of quarter.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: But my guess is, then, there is some level of accretion that comes at Solutia. So I mean you're really only -- you're guiding to an average of 1 34 per quarter the next 2 quarters, is what you're guiding to with that 5 30 number.
James P. Rogers: And realize some of the headwinds here, though. I mean you just -- Curt was talking about one with Jeff on the tax rate being a headwind. The Solutia businesses are underperforming where we hope they'd be this year. Not worried because we think we see that what we can do with those businesses, and there's still fantastic value in the long term there with those businesses. The interest expense came in a little better than what we thought. I mean, we've got this mix of headwinds, tailwinds, and we're just trying to give you the straight-up that it's looking like 5 30. I mean, as one of the reports said, maybe I had a little bit of a cushion the last time we said 5 30. It's -- we got to do a little more work to hit it this time.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Well, let's take a look at Solutia. You said -- I think you say you know how to help those businesses. So you said Saflex in Europe was obviously difficult. Global auto builds are pretty good. So globally, I would anticipate Saflex is doing fine as a product, but obviously in Europe, it's suffering. But you're getting growth in the U.S., you're getting growth in Asia. So then that begs the question, photovoltaics. What's your game plan on that business?
James P. Rogers: Just on Saflex, first of all, Europe's an important market for them, so they -- hopefully, they've talked about that before. But it is their more profitable market. So $1 of sales in Europe is not the same as $1 of sales in Asia. And so that's -- so it hurts when Europe's down. You think about the automakers in Europe, et cetera, I don't see that being a long-term trend. We see that coming back. And in terms of photovoltaic, what can I tell you? We didn't think we paid a lot for it as we value the company. I think we've said that before. They are definitely under pressure. We deserve a little bit of time to assess what a turnaround plan would look like, the probability of success on that turnaround plan for that business. And we're not the most patient people. The shareholders of Eastman are not always the most patient people, and I would expect we'll have more to talk about on that, what our path is going forward, on Investors Day.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, All right. And I was struck by Curt's comment that you expect to spend $500 million this year, of which $100 million is Solutia in the second half of the year. I mean, that seems like a rather high number for Solutia. Very high number for Solutia.
James P. Rogers: Don't annualize that.
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes, and if I might add, one of the growth aspects that Solutia brings is expansion options in Kuantan, Malaysia to serve the Asian market. Obviously, that is one of the levers we'll look at as we continue to look at how the economies are shaping up. And we'll see if we have to make adjustments for that. But that's kind of where we're at to start out of the gate.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: All right. My early betting line is that you don't spend $500 million this year, but that's just me. And lastly, Jim, you flagged out the Fibers' buying pattern being a negative in the second quarter. Is -- were those business just traditionally lumpy good, lumpy bad? Second half of the year, lumpy good?
James P. Rogers: Yes, I got 0 worries about Fibers, Frank. I mean, if I put my list of worries down on a piece of paper, fibers doesn't even show up on the page. So it was in Asia, it was the classic customer buying pattern. I think we're going to be close to selling out on tow this year, so I'm not worried about which quarter it comes in. I think for the year, they're going to have a very good year.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Nils Wallin with CLSA.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Curious about in PCI how much Sterling and Scandiflex added to volumes since you haven't anniversary-ed those 2 acquisitions?
James P. Rogers: Well, it did help. They're not huge. I don't know, Curt, if you've got any comment.
Curtis E. Espeland: I tell you, it did help, but not as material number on a year-over-year basis.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on your cellulose esters and triacetates and LCD, are your -- is your mix somewhat geared more towards panels than LCD TVs? Because we saw, certainly, some weakness in LCD TVs in the developed markets. I'm just curious, it seems like you performed a little bit better than the overall market. What was driving that?
James P. Rogers: Yes, I'm not sure, and I don't know exactly what the mix is between the 2. I know we're in several layers on the screens. I think that usually what moves our results is more the customers and their inventory positions. And I know they got fairly light in inventories and had a lot of make-up to do after the first quarter. And so I think that drove it. So I don't if you can extrapolate our results to the end market results, because the way this supply chain works is not always the most logical. So I think our customers have their inventories get fairly low and then had to play some catch-up and do some buying.
Curtis E. Espeland: Okay. And Nils, if I could, just come back to remind on Sterling. We talked about the acetic acid business that came with that. That's about $100 million of revenue a year. The real benefit of that plant acquisition will be, as we start up this new PC asset, plasticizer asset, you'll start seeing that benefit over the coming quarters.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Great. And I think you said you could get to $200 million at some point in a couple of years. Is that still...
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes, that's still -- that's still the path. Yes, absolutely.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Got it. Just a question on Europe. It seems from at least your comments during the call, it's a lot worse than expected. And yet, in the prepared kind of slides, you said it doesn't seem to be deteriorating anymore. So could you help parse those 2? What are you seeing that suggests that it's not getting any worse? Because it certainly sounds like from your comments that it's not too good.
James P. Rogers: Yes, I hear you. The bit about it being worse than expected, I was really thinking more of Solutia's business and their exposure to Europe and how that went with the auto builds being negative in Europe year-over-year versus the rest of the world. So for the -- for our heritage business or for the combined entity, I don't think there was that big a difference between first and second quarter if I look at the volumes that -- how they came off, a little bit more in the second quarter than what it was for the whole first half of the year, right?
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes, but a notch.
James P. Rogers: But a notch is like -- difference being 6% for the half and 7% in the quarter, something like that. So I don't know, maybe there's a bit of hope in there as well, but I just -- as we look at the order patterns that we can see, talk to the customers, and I just had 2 weeks in Europe getting -- hitting a bunch of countries and our different locations, et cetera. It seems to be a disconnect between the talking heads on TV back here and what the guys in the trenches in Europe are seeing. So our best guess, I'll just say it that way, our best guess is that Europe just kind of putters along down here to level it's at through the end of the year.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then just one last question, if I may. It seems like at least on your currency in Latin America, you didn't suffer nearly as much as a headwind as many of your peers, who saw large single-digit declines. What is -- is there a different exposure to your business that you're able to offset that? What caused it to be less of a headwind?
Curtis E. Espeland: So you're talking about the euro, I think is what you mentioned?
Nils-Bertil Wallin - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Latin America, actually.
Curtis E. Espeland: Latin America? I mean, I think....
James P. Rogers: Instability [ph] in currency, the only thing I can think.
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes, it comes down to how we price some of our products that we export to those marketplaces.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Andrew Feinman with Iridian.
Andrew Feinman: I was just wondering if you could give us any update on Tritan 2 and acetylated wood?
James P. Rogers: Yes, thanks, Andy. It's exciting stuff. I mean, I mentioned Tritan a little bit earlier, that it's probably going to take us a little longer to fill out that second line than maybe we first thought. It's not, frankly, hardly anything to do with Tritan, everything to do with the economy and the durables goods markets, et cetera, like I was mentioning before. But I'd say that's fantastic product, we will fill the line out. It is going to take share from the other materials, it's just going to take us a little bit longer. On the acetylated wood, and thanks for giving me a chance to talk about it. In the market right now, both pro-channel and big-box channel, getting the results in, obviously still early. I think we're going to have good customer acceptance. We're learning some stuff about coding versus not coding, et cetera. But I think we've got a good one there, but we're going to want to do it a measured pace. When you deal with the retail market, you only get one chance to put a good brand out there, so we want to make sure we do it the right way. I can tell you just from a manufacturing point of view, the little semi works, if you want to call it that, plant that we built here in Kingsport, running very well, getting more capacity out of it than we thought, typical Eastman fashion, people continually finding ways to improve the process, get, in this case, more board feet out of the same plant. Decent market acceptance, but we've got some fine-tuning to do in terms of how we go to market, what the end product looks like, which segments we go into. So still a bit early, but overall, quite positive.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay. This concludes -- thanks again for joining us this morning. A web replay and a replay in downloadable MP3 format will be available on our website beginning at 11 A.M. this morning. Have a great day, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's conference. Have a great rest of your day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-27 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory A. Riddle - Director of Investor Relations James P. Rogers - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Ronald C. Lindsay - Executive Vice President of Pci, Fibers, Engineering & Construction and Manufacturing Support Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Nils-Bertil Wallin - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Jeffrey Stafford - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company first quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman's website, www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay. Thank you, Jenny, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Jim Rogers, Chairman and CEO; Curt Espeland, Senior Vice President and CFO; Ron Lindsay, Executive Vice President, PCI Fibers; and Fernando Subijana, Manager, Investor Relations.  Before we begin, I'll cover 2 items. First, during this call, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations for full year 2012 and 2013, as well as the acquisition of Solutia. Actual results could differ materially from our plans and expectations. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's first quarter 2012 financial results news release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-K filed for full year 2011 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for first quarter 2012. Second, certain Eastman financial measures referenced in this presentation are non-GAAP financial measures, such as earnings per share and operating earnings, that exclude transaction and financing costs related to the pending acquisition of Solutia and another postretirement plan gain. Also referenced are cash from operations excluding capital expenditures and dividend. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the transaction and financing cost related to the pending acquisition of Solutia and other postretirement plan gain, are available on our first quarter financial results news release and the tables accompanying the news release available at www.investors.eastman.com Lastly, we have posted slides that accompany our remarks for this morning's call on our website, again at www.investors.eastman.com, and they're located in the Presentations and Events section. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James P. Rogers: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. And you'd hopefully noticed Greg mentioned that Ron Lindsay is on the call with us this morning. Ron is one of 2 EVPs here along with Mark Costa. Ron has Fibers and PCI, and I imagine many of you have met Ron, and I'm pleased to have him on the call. Just to show that I'm a very generous CEO, he has a bit of good news, and rather than me saying it, I'm going to let Ron say it because it was his team that worked on it. Plus I'm guessing there may just be 1 or 2 questions on cracker spreads, et cetera, so Ron's probably the right man to have with us here on the call.  As I normally do, I'll start with an update on our most recent outlook statements. Back in January, we said we expected first quarter 2012 earnings per share to be between $1.05 and $1.15. This guidance was given prior to the implementation of a pension accounting change we announced in March, and Curt will have more on that in his remarks. With the pension accounting change, we reported first quarter EPS of $1.22, which is on a comparable basis. It's near the top of our range. We also said that we expect to make progress this year on a number of organic growth initiatives, and you will hear this morning that we have completed several capacity expansions recently, and our Perennial Wood product is on the shelves in 50 Lowe's stores.  In addition, we said we expected to close the Solutia acquisition by midyear 2012, and we remain on track to do just that. And we guided full year 2012 EPS to be approximately $5 and that the pension accounting change would add approximately $0.30 per share, so we are confirming our full year EPS guidance, and I'll talk more about that in a few minutes. Moving to Slide 4. As I mentioned, last night we reported EPS of $1.22. Revenue increased 4%, primarily reflecting higher selling prices. Operating earnings declined year-over-year in each of the segments, except Fibers, and we increased our spending in Other as we continue to fund organic growth initiatives such as Perennial Wood. Sequentially, operating earnings increased by almost $100 million, reflecting a nice bounce back from the challenging fourth quarter business environment and seasonally stronger sales volume, which increased 8% sequentially.  Now to the segments, starting with CASPI on Slide 5. CASPI began 2012 with a strong quarter. Operating earnings were $98 million, down somewhat from first quarter '11 as there were some pre-buying in the polymers product lines in the year ago quarter, but up about $40 million from the fourth quarter, helped by seasonally higher sales volume, which increased 12% sequentially. Looking at our expectations for full year 2012, all of CASPI's main product lines are operating at high levels. They're also benefiting from the Regalite hydrocarbon resin expansion completed during fourth quarter 2011.  This facility, located in the Netherlands, has been expanded 3x since 2006, effectively doubling the capacity and after each capacity expansion has been sold out, and we are sold out once again. In addition, we have recently completed a hydrocarbon resins debottlenecking project at our Jefferson facility in Pennsylvania, and we continue to pursue opportunities to increase our hydrocarbon resin capacity outside the U.S. Full year 2012 CASPI operating earnings are expected to be approximately $390 million, which would be the fourth consecutive year of record earnings.  Speaking of record earnings, Fibers is up next on Slide 6. First quarter operating earnings were a quarterly record at $101 million, helped by higher selling prices and a favorable shift in product mix. Looking at full year 2012, we expect another record year. Acetate tow sales globally and particularly in Asia Pacific remain strong. We did have some volume in Asia pulled forward from second quarter into this first quarter, and therefore, sequentially, volume may decline, but we expect volume for the full year to show growth. In our acetate yarn product line, we are seeing some weakness, particularly for the textile market in Asia-Pacific and Europe.  Taking these factors into consideration, we expect full year 2012 operating earnings to be approximately $380 million. This would be the ninth consecutive year of record earnings, which is indicative of the strength and consistency of earnings in the Fiber segment. Finally, our acetate tow joint venture manufacturing facility with China National Tobacco Corporation remains on schedule to come online mid-2013. More solid results are on Slide 7 with PCI. Operating earnings were $77 million in the first quarter, down from a very strong first quarter 2011. The decline was primarily in Asia-Pacific as growth in the region has slowed, negatively impacting margins. In addition, we have solid results in North America, reflecting continued strong earnings from our plasticizers product lines, as well as the benefit from producing versus purchasing olefins, offset by a decline in Europe due to weakened market demand.  Despite the challenges, PCI's operating margin was above 10%, and our operating earnings increased $28 million sequentially. Looking at the full year, we expect slower growth in the Asia -- Asian building and construction market to continue for the balance of the year, particularly for commodity products such as oxo alcohols. However, PCI also has a number of tailwinds, including strong results from the plasticizers product lines, which we expect will be about 1/3 of operating earnings for PCI in 2012 with above segment average operating margins.  This level of performance is a result of growing demand and many of the actions we have taken such as the positive impact of the Sterling acquisition, including the first phase of the startup of plasticizer assets producing primarily Eastman 168 non-phthalate plasticizers; as well as the benefit of the acquired acetic acid business; the acquisition of Scandiflex, a non-phthalate plasticizer producer located in Brazil; and the benefit from the 2-EH expansion completed earlier this month, which increased our capacity by 37,000 met tons or about 15% significantly integrating our plasticizer production. Lastly, we also expect the benefit of producing versus purchasing olefins for the year to be a tailwind, and PCI gets about 60% of this benefit.  Taking all these factors together, we expect full year 2012 operating earnings for PCI will be approximately $325 million, which would be a record year for them, slightly higher than 2011. And now I'll let Ron share the good news that I mentioned earlier. Ron?
Ronald C. Lindsay: Thank you, Jim. On Slide 8 is an update on our thinking about options to further leverage Eastman's exposure to the propane propylene spread. Back in December 2010, when we restarted our third olefin cracking unit that had been idled, we were a little ahead of the market in recognizing that the cost position of our crackers had improved dramatically with the shale gas boom, and restarting that cracker was a winner on day 1.  In the middle of 2011, as we were considering all of our options, we said we are going forward with a number of incremental debottlenecks at our Longview facility and we expect those to come online in 2012 and 2013. In January this year, we said we were considering an olefins conversion unit or OCU in Longview. The OCU investment has a very strong return profile, well above the cost of capital and would allow us to take advantage of the attractive propylene market in the U.S. But we've continued to explore all of our options and have identified another attractive alternative, a propylene purchase agreement with a third party that will allow us to participate in their planned propane dehydrogenation unit with cost base pricing and capital recovery spread out over the term of the agreement.  And while the OCU option remains a strong alternative for us, we are far enough along that we've signed a contract for our portion of the capacity from the planned PDH unit. This agreement will give us similar propylene economics to the OCU and preserves our capital for other uses. The project owner is working on finalizing agreements with enough customers to proceed with the PDH unit. And assuming they're successful, we would expect an announcement to be likely in the next few weeks. I'll also be speaking at an investor conference in the second half of May. At that time, I'll be able to update investors on where things stand. Jim, back to you.
James P. Rogers: Thanks, Ron. Nice job by Ron and his team. So I'll continue on Slide 9, Specialty Plastics, which as expected, improved substantially from the fourth quarter. Sequentially, earnings increased by $16 million as raw material and energy cost declined and volume increased to 9%. Year-over-year operating earnings declined as a combination of lower volumes, lower capacity utilization and higher raw material and energy costs were partially offset by higher selling prices. Looking at the full year, Specialty Plastics will begin to benefit from a number of capacity additions, including a second Tritan copolyester resin line, which came online during the first quarter and the expansion of our cellulose triacetate or CTA capacity, used in the LCD market, expected online midyear.  The key variable for Specialty Plastics continues to be sales volume and while we have seen it improved from fourth quarter levels, it is not yet back to where it was in first half of 2011 due to weakened demand. Paraxylene recently has been less volatile but remains slightly disadvantaged compared to raw materials for competing products. Considering all of these factors, we expect Specialty Plastics operating earnings to be approximately $130 million, which would also be record performance. So have I mentioned we're expecting record operating earnings for all of our segments in 2012 after record performance in 2011? Seriously, developing a track record of consistent year-over-year earnings growth is a top priority for us. And that's a good segue into our guidance for full year 2012 on Slide 10.  We do expect slow economic growth globally but with the U.S. remaining solid. We anticipate that Europe will remain weak but not deteriorate from current levels. Asia, and particularly China, is the region with the most uncertainty as the growth rate has been slowing, and we are seeing the impact most significantly in PCI's commodity product lines. Raw material and energy cost are expected to be less volatile for the balance of the year, with the benefit from producing versus purchasing olefins expected to be a tailwind in 2012 compared with 2011.  We also expect to continue to benefit from acquisitions we made last year from the Solutia acquisition we expect to close in the middle of this year and from the number of incremental capacity additions we have throughout the company, which I've highlighted during the segment reviews. As a result, we expect our full year EPS to be approximately $5.30, which would be an increase of about 10% compared with 2011. And we expect earnings in the second half to be higher than those in the first due to expected accretion from the acquired Solutia businesses. But otherwise, this year, the first half and second year would be similar in earnings. And lastly, we continue to expect 2013 EPS of greater than $6, which again would be solid double-digit earnings growth.  I'll conclude this morning on Slide 11, and you'll see that while I gave Ron one nugget of good news, I did save one for myself. We talked about Perennial Wood at our Investor Day last year, and those of you that attended in person may recall the Perennial Wood display, which highlighted potential applications such as decking, siding and trim, indoor flooring, windows, outdoor furniture. Since then we've completed our initial production facility in Kingsport.  In February, we launched the Perennial Wood brand showcasing the decking product line at the International Builders' Show in Orlando. Today, Perennial Wood decking is on the shelves in over 50 Lowes stores in the Northeast U.S. For the trade professional, Perennial Wood decking is also being distributed through Boston Cedar and their network of specialized independent retailers, and we expect the availability of Perennial Wood to expand over time into other regions and other product categories. Pricing for Perennial Wood decking is comparable to what you would pay for a premium wood plastic composite or PVC decking product. And I got to say, the initial response has been terrific, exceeding our expectations. And I'd remind you we estimate that the addressable market for Perennial Wood is around $2 billion. And while it is less capital-intensive than most products in our industry, it is higher than our average operating margins.  Going forward, we will continue to monitor market acceptance for Perennial Wood, and we will determine our next steps likely towards the end of 2012. Of course, Perennial Wood is not the only organic growth initiatives that we are working on. When you look at our spending in Other, it is for a number of initiatives that we expect will meaningfully contribute to growth over the next 5 years and then beyond that.  Our Chief Technology Officer, Greg Nelson, will highlight a few of these growth initiatives as well as our expected earnings impact at an investor conference in early May, so you don't have long to wait there. These projects are consistent with our primary focus, which is earnings growth. And as we make progress on organic growth initiatives, capacity expansions and acquisitions, such as Solutia, we are prudently utilizing capital to deliver growth and high returns, building the path to higher earnings brick by brick. With that, I'll turn it over to Curt.
Curtis E. Espeland: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. I just have a few slides this morning, and I'll begin with our financial highlights on Slide 13. We generated $19 million of cash from operating activities in the first quarter. This really starts with, first and foremost, net earnings remained solid across all of our businesses. In working capital, receivables increased, as expected, due to higher sales revenue.  Additionally, our business and supply chain teams are doing a great job managing inventory quantities, which, combined with moderated raw material cost as a whole, provided operating cash flows of $14 million in the quarter. We also made a $25 million contribution to our U.S. defined benefit pension plans and continue to expect the full year contributions will be approximately $100 million. Looking at free cash flow in the quarter, it was a negative $107 million, which is a good result in what is typically our weakest quarter for free cash flow generation due to seasonal working capital requirements.  Next on Slide 14 is a review of our pension accounting change. You may recall we announced this in early March. We believe the change improves transparency, enabling investors to more clearly evaluate our operating performance. At a high level, actuarial gains and losses for the pension and OPEB plans are now recognized in operating results in the year they occur, rather than being amortized over future periods, as they were previously.  The mark-to-market gains and losses are recognized annually in the fourth quarter and can be found in corporate expense rather than being allocated to the segments. An interim remeasurement triggered by curtailment, settlement or significant plan changes will be recognized as a mark-to-market adjustment in the quarter in which the triggering event occurs. An example of that is what we recognized in first quarter of 2011 as described in the news release. The service costs and amortization of prior service credits continue to be allocated to the segments. Excluding the fourth quarter mark-to-market adjustment, we expect this change will result in approximately $0.30 increase to full year 2012 earnings per share, and $0.08 of this roughly was recognized in the first quarter this year. Moving next to an update on our acquisition of Solutia, beginning with financing. In March, the term and bridge loans were put in place. The term loan is $1.2 billion, and it will be amortized over 5 years. The bridge loan is $2.3 billion, and it expires one year after the transaction closes. The rate for both of these is LIBOR plus 150 basis points, and this is a great rate, and it reflects the solid investment credit rating of Eastman. We are not expecting to use the bridge loan but rather anticipate issuing public debt over the course of the next few months.  Moving next to Solutia stockholder vote, we filed the preliminary proxy and prospectus or S4 with the SEC on March 7. We filed an amended S4 last Friday on April 20. The Solutia stockholder vote on the transaction will be scheduled after the S4 is finalized and cleared and has been declared effective by the SEC.  Finally, on the regulatory approval front, we are making good progress. The Hart-Scott-Rodino waiting period expired in March without comment. We have received approval from China, South Korea and the Ukraine. And we expect a regulatory approval in the EU to be completed prior to the end of May. Given everything that we see today, we remain on track for a mid-2012 close consistent with our guidance to you back in January.  And of course, as we get to closing and beyond, we will have more to say about integration, cost synergies, cash generation and the significant positive impact we expect Solutia will have on our earnings going forward. I'll conclude this morning on Slide 16 with a few comments about our capital allocation. We continue to implement a balanced approach across the areas you see on the slide, with a focus on funding and earnings growth. Starting with capital expenditures, we have organic growth initiatives throughout the company that we will continue to fund and expect CapEx before Solutia of approximately $400 million for full year 2012.  We expect the incremental expansions we have discussed to contribute to earnings in 2012 and then to result in approximately $300 million of revenue in 2013, with operating margins above the corporate average. And we have a number of other organic growth initiatives, including Perennial Wood, which Jim mentioned, that we expect will contribute further to earnings growth longer term.  Next on the dividend, we raised it twice over the last 1.5 years, and of course, it continues to be reasonable for investors to expect that as we increase earnings, we will also increase the dividend. Of course, I remind you that it's ultimately a board decision. Regarding equity in 2010 and 2011, we repurchased approximately $600 million of our stock or approximately 15 million shares at an average price of $40 per share. And we expect to issue approximately 15 million shares for the Solutia acquisition. Moving next to joint ventures and acquisitions, we have been active over the last few years with the largest being the pending Solutia acquisition, and these are expected to significantly contribute to our earnings growth over the next several years. And on joint ventures, as Jim mentioned earlier, our acetate tow manufacturing joint venture is scheduled to come online mid-2013.  Lastly, on debt and pension. We expect to issue between $2.3 billion and $2.5 billion of new public debt securities for the Solutia acquisition and which is a favorable rate environment. And on pension, as I mentioned earlier, we expect to contribute approximately $100 million to the U.S. defined-benefit plans in the U.S. in 2012.  And now Ill conclude by reaffirming our expectation to generate approximately $1 billion of free cash flow over the next couple of years and that, while the main use for free cash flow will be deleveraging, we expect to also meaningfully fund each of the other areas with a priority on generating consistent earnings growth. With that, I'll turn it back over to Greg.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay, thanks, Curt. Jenny, this concludes our prepared remarks. We are ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And so we will go to our first question from Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo Securities.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I guess this is a question for Ron. There were some discussion about restarting the fourth cracker, and then this morning, you're talking about investing in a PDH unit. Does that preclude restarting the fourth cracker? Where do you stand on that decision-making process?
Ronald C. Lindsay: Frank, let me go back to what was driving a lot of our assessment of our options here. We buy a substantial amount of propylene still. Even though we make it, we're net short. We're net long on ethylene, and so we've been looking at how to address, in particular, that position on propylene and effectively fully backwards integrate our propylene derivatives out of Longview. And so we looked at a variety of options there. Starting the cracker was certainly one that we've gone through carefully. It did not meet all of our propylene needs to fully backwards integrate, and unlike when we did restart it, it was quite a bit more expensive. It was in a poorer condition, needs a lot more work, so the capital requirement there was much higher, and that really drove us to look at is that really the right approach to proceed. And that led to these other options being surfaced. And we believe this one is the best one of the bunch because of the impact it's going to have on us, as well as the fact that we can take that capital we would've gone to rebuild something and to get the same position and take that capital elsewhere.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then you expect this PDH unit to be fully constructed by 2015? And am I correct that this project has not been announced yet publicly?
Ronald C. Lindsay: You're right on both fronts there.
James P. Rogers: Frank, this is Jim. We're just a little ahead of the game on this one, but we thought it was important. We know, for a few calls now, people have been looking at so what's Eastman going to do down there in Texas. And let me just say, this is a good, good outcome. We're getting the economics of the olefin conversion unit, close to it, and saving our capital. And as we look at doing acquisitions and the other kind of growth initiatives we've got, we've got to do some more smart moves like this, where you get the economics but don't spend your capital. So I just want to make sure people understand how happy we are with this contract. They still got to sign up a couple more folks. I don't think you have long to wait. Right, Ron?
Ronald C. Lindsay: That's right.
James P. Rogers: I mean, this one looks like this is a good project. They're being smart. The people building it are being smart about how they're managing their risk and pretty much locking up the output of this thing. That makes a lot of sense to me. So this is a win-win for the guys building it and for us as well.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Well, I must say I do admire the way that you keep us sitting on the edge of our seats. You have Ron giving some news next month. You've got Greg Nelson giving some news next month, so I just can't wait for the next piece of news out of EMN, I've got to tell you.
James P. Rogers: Hey, we're trying to look down the road. You might have noticed, we're trying to be a little more long-term focused. For example on this Perennial Wood, if this thing -- if this hits the way we got a shot of it hitting, you're not going to feel it in this first thing we built because it's smaller and it's really just to tease the market out. But when we go to a commercial scale on Perennial, it should look very good.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Well I was going to ask a different question, but why don't we stay with Eastman -- I mean, Perennial Wood? You said the initial response has been quite favorable. Can you give us some color around that, any sort of metrics in terms of why you're feeling better about that today than you did perhaps a couple of months ago?
James P. Rogers: Yes, and I'm not going to steal Greg's thunder. I will say the response, I mean, there's different metrics you get in terms of response to ads, response to turning, I can't remember what you call it, but when people first call in, that initial lead, turning it into an actual sale. I mean all those kind of numbers are good. I guess while I'm here feeling good, I want to make sure I caveat it a little bit because this is still pretty early on. We're still getting the bugs out of a few things in the chain. But in general, the reception we get from people who know what they're talking about like the folks within Lowe's or the folks within Boston Cedar, I think this one can be pretty good. But Greg will talk some more about it when he gets up in front of people in a couple of weeks.
Operator: And we'll hear next from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Jim, just on your coal gasification facility in Kingsport, I think you said in the past it was advantaged up until nat gas got low at $2.50 per MMBtu, I might be wrong in that, but given where gas is, is that facility, is that still to [ph] change, still advantaged given low-priced nat gas in U.S.?
James P. Rogers: Yes, it is. I mean we went back and looked at the history. We could not find a time when we were not advantaged being on coal here in Kingsport. And of course, there's 2 moving parts. There's the price of coal and what we pay for it. Theres the efficiency of how we run our operations. There's more than 2 moving parts, and then there's the price of natural gas. The other thing I would ask you to remember is you're not necessarily competing with those products. You're not necessarily competing against other people who are natural-gas-based. So when we think globally with where we take those products, a lot of people are competing where theyre naphtha-based or natural-gas-based in other regions of the world. But yes, we're still pretty pleased with the economics of our gasification facility here in Kingsport.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And just on the PDH [indiscernible], you will not be making any capital investment, correct?
James P. Rogers: That's correct.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Did you consider making one or taking ownership interest in the facility?
James P. Rogers: Well, this is Jim again, we anticipated the question, why not do 2 or 3 things, why not restart the cracker, why not do the OCU, why not take a chunk of this PDH. We're really trying to think about our long-term strategy, how we deploy our cash, our resources. And we don't necessarily just want to be a bigger ethylene producer. And if we did, it wouldn't be with the size crackers that we have in Texas. So we were more than willing to go ahead with the OCU. That made a lot of sense. But this was a very elegant solution in terms of saving our capital and getting what we need. By the way, the economics look different when you're talking about replacing or backing out your propylene purchases versus just being a merchant ethylene or propylene producer. So we really like where we're ending up. I hope they go ahead and wrap up their project and get it announced publicly so that we can talk more about it.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And Jim lastly, can you comment on the propane propylene spread in Q1? And can you quantify the benefit to you guys?
James P. Rogers: Yes. We did it once last year to kind of lay it out for people. We said that wasn't the emphasis we wanted people to think about. We didn't want them just focusing on propane and propylene. I can tell you, it was good again in the first quarter. Of course, the ethylene was what was really good in the first quarter if were showing you everything. You've got to think more than just the propane/propylene. It's also how the ethylene did. Year-over-year, it's going to be -- the whole cracker spreads are going to be pretty good for us compared to last year. I was sitting here thinking as much I don't want to talk about it, it's nice to have these spreads, nice to have these spreads this year. The other thing I'll say on it is there's some chatter about whether or not propane is going to come off in the middle of the year, maybe go a little long. And that very well could be. One of the things I thought about is you're perhaps more likely to hold on to spread if propane is what comes off. Just propylene going up sometimes, the way we move so much propylene through derivatives, you don't -- you can't always get the pricing and the derivatives that equates to what the propylene went up. And we talked about that last year in the second quarter when people were thinking we're going to do better than we did. So propane coming off, you may be more likely to keep some of that spread, but as we looked forward in the year and looked at our numbers, we just kind of assumed it was steady-state where it is now.
Operator: And moving on, we have a question from Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Jim, just a couple of clarifications on the new PDH contract. On a pro forma basis for that contract, does it move your long, short position to 0 or exactly 100% integrated? Or would it be more or less than that? And then second, am I correct in understanding it's a propane-plus deal rather than a market-minus deal?
James P. Rogers: I'll let Ron answer that.
Ronald C. Lindsay: On the balance -- this will effectively make us balanced on propylene. So between this contract and what we make, we'll be covered for our needs. And it is a cost-based off propane formula.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Great. Then a couple of questions on CASPI. I guess I was a little surprised -- maybe I shouldn't be surprised that you've sold out your Regalite capacity so quickly. It seems like you had 20% every so often and whereas most units take a year or 2 to load, this thing is sold out in a quarter or 2. Can you help us understand why that is the case? And if it keeps happening, why you might not just double capacity or get more aggressive on increases there?
James P. Rogers: Yes. Well, thanks for noticing, by the way, that we have done a good job. We've got, again, some wind at our back in this marketplace. I mean, very strong growth if you think about all the personal hygiene, adhesives on diapers, et cetera, in the emerging markets. It's a pretty strong driver. Of course, we're not the only player in this marketplace. So other people tend to want to expand their capacity too. We're being very disciplined in how we approach it. I can say, though, that we think there's a great opportunity to do something perhaps a little larger in Asia in this marketplace. But I don't have anything to talk about or announce yet. But it would be logical that people would be looking for capacity in Asia, and we would be a logical player to do that. So but we'll just have to put a placeholder there and see what we can make happen.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Then also on CASPI, Jim, as I think about it broadly, solvents and various specialties that you sell, what percentage of CASPI sales would you say goes into architectural coatings? Is that meaningful? And related to that, might there have been any benefit related to favorable weather through the spring?
James P. Rogers: Yes, that's a good question. We showed building and construction at about 17% of CASPI sales. And when we say favorable weather, we've got our little North American hats on, and so we think about North America had favorable weather. Of course, the way I think I've heard Eastern Europe, et cetera, had very extreme cold weather. So it's a global business. I would guess there was some benefit from that, but it's hard to pin down. Basically, CASPI's just firing on all the cylinders. A little sloppiness in solvents, particularly in Asia, but in general, firing on all cylinders.
Operator: And we will hear next from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Jim, you referred to something in one of your remarks about propylene prices don't really affect your revenue line because you've got to convert that into propylene derivative price hikes. And then you mentioned also maybe propane gets soft in the summer. Can you just talk a little bit about what you expect on your propylene derivative pricing and what the usual lag might be in the marketplace between olefin changes and your product price changes?
James P. Rogers: Yes. If I implied that it didn't have an impact to something, that was wrong. I was just saying it's not a one-for-one relationship. So propylene can move, but a number of our derivatives are considered more specialty, and so you don't just jerk those around each week as propylenes -- you get the last spot price on propylene. That's more what I was saying. So it's not quite the same as being a merchant seller of propylene. We take it through other products. So I wasn't even talking so much about a lag, although there would obviously be a lag as you process it further. I was just meaning we're trying to be more disciplined in our pricing when it comes to our end products, priced more off of value where we can. But without a doubt, higher propylene prices aids our pricing. Now I can also tell you that pricing in general, not just in this area, but I'd say pricing in general is a little sloppier in the marketplace than it was a year ago. So I've got Ron sitting next to me, and I think he would say the same thing within PCI and CASPI. Last year, the demand was so strong that you pretty much got the price you wanted or you could sell it somewhere else in the world. And with Asia and Europe being fairly loose right now, you don't quite have that pricing power that you had a year ago, and that's not so much an Eastman comment as it is a market comment in general.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And on your PDH unit, obviously, you're reluctant to name the counter-party until they talk about it. But the one PDH unit out there had a few growing pains, and so there appears to be some magic to the art of PDH. Are you concerned at all about start-up date, timing and the technology necessary here? Or are you pretty confident it will come on and start providing some help in 2015?
James P. Rogers: Ron?
Ronald C. Lindsay: Yes. We certainly are aware of some of the history here, and that was part of our due diligence as we went through this. I would say that we went in with that cautionary view and got ourselves comfortable that the technology is very viable that some of the -- we understand some of the reasons for prior concerns with another plan out there and feel like those are not things that are going to translate to this project. So the long short of it is we feel good about it from a technical and operational standpoint, as well as obviously the deal.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: All right. And one last one if I might, it seemed like one benefit of turning your fourth cracker maybe into some sort of metathesis-type unit is you could consume ethylene, and while producing ethylene is wonderful for the next 3 or 4 years, then maybe you go through the typical down cycle. Have you ever considered maybe getting a pass-through ethylene price with somebody if they'd be willing to take the other side of that? Or how do you think about your ethylene price and getting it to market from Longview versus if you were down in the Gulf Coast?
James P. Rogers: I'll get Ron to answer this again. But we do have a contract with Westlake right now, which affects the pricing we get for ethylene. But Ron?
Ronald C. Lindsay: That's right. Certainly, as we look ahead, we haven't excluded the capability of doing the OCU with this other deal. So if we judge later that, that was attractive, something we wanted to do, weve still got that option. So we've kept some optionality there. But weve got our immediate concern dealt with, with the PDH deal that we've got.
James P. Rogers: Bob, I think we size this for people before that we said in OCU or in this case a contract, probably gives us slightly more benefit than we got opening up the last cracker we did. So you put that on an annual basis, that's fairly significant. And we can go to the next question.
Operator: And we'll hear next from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You spoke of your earnings in the first half this year being roughly flat with your earnings last year. What were your earnings last year in the first half?
James P. Rogers: Jeff, again, I think if you look at our comments, I said that first half this year would be roughly equivalent to the second half of this year. I mean, I don't want to beat around the bush. We're trying to get away from quarterly guidance. We're trying to get people to think about us longer term. A lot of the things we're spending money on are projects that have long-term payback like Perennial Wood and microfibers, et cetera. So excuse me for taking your question to make this little point. But so while we gave some guidance about first half this year to second half next year, and a lot of that is just based on the thought that maybe the economy is not going to slow down and so maybe we'll get a little bit of a pickup in the second half, maybe fourth quarter won't be the typical down -- such a down quarter for us like it is so many other years. But again, it's pretty early in the year to try and be making these calls.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Will you generate much free cash flow this year?
Curtis E. Espeland: When I look at free cash flow expectations with our operating cash flow, we have some working capital programs we're trying to actually implement to actually improve our cash flow that reduce capital expenditure. On legacy Eastman, the way I look at it right now, well probably generate in excess of $300 million in free cash flow.
James P. Rogers: And that's after your dividend.
Curtis E. Espeland: And that's after CapEx and dividend.
Operator: And we will move on to our next question from Nils Wallin with CLSA.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: On CASPI, you noted some weakness -- some volume weakness in polymers. Was that mainly in the auto side or in the packaging side? Just a little bit more color on that would be helpful.
James P. Rogers: Yes. When we think polymers, I think the weakness we're talking about as compared to last year, last year we had price increases going up on April 1. And so we got some nice buying going on in March, as you might imagine, last year. So year-over-year comparison, tough comparison for our polymers there. In general, all of CASPI seems to be doing quite well here. I would say auto, if you look specifically to autos, where some of our polymers go and CASPI some of the higher-margin stuff goes, North America looking pretty good, but Asia and Europe in particular are soft. Longer term, again though, I mean, what do you think, more cars being produced 5 years from now or fewer than this year?
Nils-Bertil Wallin - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Well, I think I can answer that one. In terms of Fibers, obviously, price increases because of cost, but pulp -- there's some expectation that pulp has sort of hit a bottom here and is likely to go up. How do you feel about your cost position in Fibers and whether you're going to -- how much you're going to be able to raise price further this year to offset the rise in pulp?
James P. Rogers: Yes. Just a little bit on the Fibers market. Much of the marketplace is annual contracts. And so we buy our Fibers on a fix priced for a year -- buy our pulp on a fixed price for a year. But we also commit to a price for most of our large customers per year, not completely, but in general that's the way that market is priced. So typically, you have this big round of annual pricing in the winter, and at that time, you usually have a good idea what your costs are. So you try and line those up. And what's Fibers got -- is this the ninth year of earnings, record earnings? So, so far, we've been doing a pretty good job of lining those up.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just finally on PCI, obviously, you noted some weakness in Asia-Pacific. Would you give us a little bit more color? I mean, I know 2-EH has been coming down there, and certainly, you're facing a tough comparison year-over-year. Is that where you're seeing some of the weakness? Or is it broad-based? Just a little bit more color around -- on APAC for -- and PCI, please.
James P. Rogers: Ron?
Ronald C. Lindsay: Yes. This is Ron. It is in our oxo alcohols primarily. And keep in mind, we are comparing on a year-over-year basis against a pretty strong market environment in 2011. So there's some contrast there that's part of the issue. But there is -- we saw weakening late last year. There was quite a bit of destocking, a good bit of inventory coming in the year over there and looking for a home, and then we have not seen the rebound quite as robustly as we had hoped, and that is just not an Eastman comment. I think that's generally being seen across a lot of businesses. And so that's just turned into a weaker demand environment over there, and that's depressed margins.
Operator: And we'll hear next from Jeffrey Stafford with Morningstar.
Jeffrey Stafford - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: We've heard commentary from a few other companies that, in terms of demand, January and February were pretty weak and then March was very strong. Did your business progress this way through the first quarter?
James P. Rogers: It did, but I don't know how much weight to put on that, honestly. That's such a pretty typical pattern in a first quarter for our industry. So I personally am not going to play that up too much, but I know others have.
Jeffrey Stafford - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just to clarify, does the $5.30 EPS estimate, does that include Solutia or not?
Ronald C. Lindsay: Yes, it does. So if you build up, I mean, we're basically reaffirming guidance, and that's $0.30 from the pension change and about $0.30 from Solutia.
Operator: And with no further questions in the queue, I'd now like to turn the call back over to the speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay. Thanks again, everyone, for joining us this morning. A web replay and a replay in downloadable MP3 format will be available on our website beginning at 9 AM on Monday. Have a great day.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-27 08:00:00) =====
Executives: James P. Rogers - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Gregory A. Riddle - Director of Investor Relations Jeffry N. Quinn - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Mark J. Costa - Chief Marketing officer and Executive Vice President of Specialty Polymers, Coatings & Adhesives Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Gregg A. Goodnight - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Harry Mateer - Barclays Capital, Research Division Andrew Feinman Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Paul Leming - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division Nils-Bertil Wallin - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company Fourth Quarter and Year End 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. Also this call will be broadcast live on Eastman's website at www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory A. Riddle: Thank you, Jake, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Jim Rogers, Chairman and CEO; Curt Espeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Costa, Executive Vice President, Specialty Polymers, Coatings and Adhesives. Before we begin, I'll cover 3 items. First, during this call, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations for first quarter and full year 2012 and the acquisition of Solutia. Actual results could differ materially from our plans and expectations. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's fourth quarter and full year 2011 financial results news release and in our news release announcing the agreement to acquire Solutia, both of which are on our website and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for third quarter 2011 and the Form 10-K to be filed for full year 2011. Second, certain Eastman financial measures referenced in this presentation are non-GAAP financial measures such as earnings per share, operating earnings and cash flow from operating activities that exclude asset impairments or restructuring charges and early debt extinguishment costs. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the asset impairments and restructuring charges and early debt extinguishment costs, are available on our fourth quarter and full year financial results news release and the tables accompanying the news release, which are both available at www.investors.eastman.com. Third, this morning we issued a news release, which is available on our website, announcing a definitive agreement to acquire Solutia. I direct you to review the sections in the release regarding where you can find additional information about the transaction that provide additional details about the participants in the merger solicitation and about information for the nonsolicitation.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James P. Rogers: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Last night, we announced our fourth quarter and full year 2011 results and then this morning, we announced we've entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Solutia. So I'll start this morning with a few slides about our strong 2011 earnings and then I'll spend most of the time this morning talking about why we're excited to be acquiring this great company, Solutia.  Last night, we announced our fourth quarter and full year 2011 results, yes, then this morning it was Solutia. Our agenda this morning begins with a quick review of our fourth quarter and full year 2011 results. I'm going to do an overview of the transaction and I'll walk through the strategic rationale for our acquisition of Solutia. Then we'll do a quick overview of Solutia, which I'm sure many of you are familiar with. And then Curt will discuss our financial summary and our EPS forecast for 2012 and 2013, and I'll end with a quick summary before we turn it over to questions. So starting with a recap of our fourth quarter results on Slide 4. Revenue increased by 18%, mainly due to higher selling prices, which increased in response to higher raw material and energy costs. Operating earnings declined year-over-year primarily in the Specialty Plastics and PCI segments. The primary driver for Specialty Plastics was lower sales volume and lower capacity utilization. For PCI, higher selling prices were more than offset by higher raw material and energy costs. EPS of $0.71, slightly above last year. Still, our second best fourth quarter EPS in our history, and this was achieved we think in a challenging, uncertain environment and underscores that our businesses are solid even in the most difficult environments. Looking at our full year results on Slide 6. Our EPS of $4.56 is an annual record, eclipsing the record from 2010. Sales revenue was up 23%, and the increase was across the company. Operating earnings increased significantly in 2011 compared with 2010 as all of our 4 segments had year-over-year earnings growth. Fiber's operating earnings were a record, and 2011 was the eighth straight year for earnings growth. And even CASPI now has grown their operating earnings 3 years in a row at better than a 10% rate. And we've now grown our EPS by about 140% since 2009. The appendix to this presentation has the remainder of our normal earning slide deck for your information.  But now I'm going to transition into discussing our acquisition of Solutia that we announced earlier this morning. So we've entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Solutia for $22 in cash and 0.12 shares of Eastman stock. Total enterprise value for the transaction is $4.7 billion, which includes $3.4 billion of equity value and the assumption of $1.3 billion of Solutia debt. Based on last 12 months EBITDA for Solutia, the multiple paid excluding the cost and tax synergies is approximately 9x. This represents a 42% premium to yesterday's closing price on the common stock.  Moving next to the financial impact, we expect this transaction will be immediately accretive to earnings upon close and will be substantially accretive to our 2013 EPS. We've also identified approximately $100 million of cost synergies, which we expect to achieve by the end of 2013, and Curt will talk more about these in a few minutes. There will also be a significant benefit from the utilization of Solutia's NOLs, and we expect our overall tax rate will decline. In addition, after this transaction is completed, Eastman will generate free cash flow of approximately $1 billion over the next 2 years. Conditions for closing include approval by Solutia shareholders and regulatory approvals, and we expect the transaction to close sometime midyear of 2012.  Now over on Page 8. You may recall back at our 2011 Investor Day, I showed a slide very similar to this describing our strategic focus for growth. As we looked at acquiring Solutia, it became clear that it would hit each one of these focus areas.  So starting with growing our core businesses, Eastman and Solutia have significant overlapping complementary and adjacent end markets, in particular, the auto and architectural markets. We also see the combination of technologies in areas such as polymers, overlapping business capabilities as potentially driving significant revenue opportunity. We've also had a bias toward growing in emerging markets. And back at our Investor Day, we told you that our 2010 revenue in emerging markets was over $2 billion. Including Solutia, 2011 revenue for Eastman would have been greater than $3 billion in those markets. And with the addition of Solutia, Eastman will be adding significant manufacturing capacity in Asia over the next couple of years to meet growth.  We are also well positioned to take advantage of a growing middle class buying more premium products. We've also been focused on sustainable businesses, and this transaction expands our current portfolio in areas such as energy efficiency and safety.  Lastly, given the strength of our balance sheet, we said we would use acquisitions and joint ventures as a means to execute our strategy, and this acquisition moves Eastman in the right direction on all key parameters we have defined for our growth strategy. For those of you who are not that familiar with Solutia, we have an overview on Slide 9. They're a global leader in specialty chemicals and performance materials. They operate in 3 business segments: Advanced Interlayers, Performance Films and Technical Specialties, with a market leadership position in each segment. Their last 12 months revenue was over $2 billion with an EBITDA margin of approximately 25%. As you can see from the pie chart, Solutia is balanced across regions, with 14% of last 12 months revenue in China.  Next on Slide 10, you can see both Eastman and Solutia have actively improved their respective portfolios over the past several years. Solutia exited commodity businesses, including nylon and feed ingredients. They also added to their portfolio more specialty businesses such as Flexsys, which is in their Technical Specialties segment. And they expanded their Saflex product line in the Advanced Interlayers segment. Eastman exited underperforming product lines in the CASPI segment and also divested our PET business with the sale of our last site completed in January 2011.  We've also added more specialty businesses with the acquisition of Genovique in 2010 and the expansion of our Eastman Tritan copolyester product lines. With these actions, both companies have improved their portfolios, have market-leading position in a number of their key products, and this leads to superior financial performance. On Slide 11, you can see the substantial presence of Solutia and Eastman have in Asia Pacific, particularly China. For 2011, Eastman had approximately 23% of revenue in Asia Pacific. Looking out through 2015, as you can see on the bar chart on the left, we expect growth to continue in the Asia Pacific region. The growth will be in areas such as acetate tow, Crystex and EVA, and we expect Solutia is well positioned to take advantage of trends such as an increasing middle class, which is buying more premium products in the move toward more sustainable products. We expect the overall growth in Asia Pacific and the investments we are making will lead to revenues well above $3 billion by 2015. Turning next to Slide 12. Our continued geographic diversity also remains a source of strength, although sales revenue in Asia Pacific increased only slightly. Adding Solutia to our portfolio will accelerate our growth in Asia Pac and China specifically, as I mentioned. In addition, the amount of our revenue in North America declines on a pro forma basis meaningfully below 50%. And with Solutia, we are diversifying our asset base as 11 of their 24 manufacturing sites are outside of North America. Turning next to Slide 13, to the end markets for Solutia Eastman and on a pro forma basis, you see the 3 pie charts there. Solutia has a significant presence in the auto and architectural markets. For auto, these include glass and tires and OEMs, replacement aftermarket glass and replacement tires. In architectural, these include new builds and energy solutions.  Looking at Eastman on a pro forma basis, our revenue and transportation increases to 16% from 7%, and then building and construction increases to 19%, including energy solutions. We continue to have diverse end markets with no one end market being dominant. And with the addition of Solutia's market presence, we will have a deeper understanding of our most important end markets.  Finally, our end market and geographic diversity will continue to be a source of earnings stability, we believe. Slide 14, one my favorite slides, more clearly shows that we are a top-tier North American chemical company with the Solutia transaction. You can see on a pro forma basis where we compare to specialty and diversified chemical companies. Our combined EBITDA margin of approximately 20% compares very favorably to peers. And with EBITDA of approximately $1.8 billion, we are one of the largest companies in our space.  Now I'll turn it over to Curt.
Curtis E. Espeland: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. On Slide 15, we have an overview of the financing for this transaction. You can see in the table that the new debt financing will be $3.5 billion, and we expect this to be composed of both a low-interest term loan and public debt. In addition, we have available bridge financing with commitments in place from Barclays and Citi. Eastman equity issued to Solutia shareholders totaled $700 million, or about 20% of the overall purchase price. And we will use cash from Eastman and Solutia balance sheets expected to total $600 million. A new revolver facility of $750 million will remain undrawn at closing. At closing, the pro forma debt to EBITDA ratio will be approximately 2.8x. Given the expected strong financial profile of both companies, free cash flow over the next 2 years is expected to be approximately $1 billion, allowing Eastman to quickly delever. And given the strength of our cash generation, we remain committed to returning cash to stockholders with our strong annual dividend rate of $1.04 per share. Lastly, I reiterate that we remain firmly committed to maintaining our current investment-grade credit rating. On Slide 16, we give you some detail on our cost, tax and revenue synergies. Starting with cost, we have clearly identified cost synergies that approach $100 million. These include reducing corporate costs, which you would expect with 2 public companies. We also see potential for synergies in the purchase of raw materials, and we expect this combination will result in improved manufacturing and supply chain processes. We expect to achieve the $100 million of cost synergies by the end of 2013, and we expect to update you on our progress as we move forward. Moving to tax synergies, there are a source of value for this transaction. Solutia has approximately $1.5 billion of net operating loss carryforwards that we can utilize over the next 15 years, of which about half can be utilized over the next 3 years on an accelerated basis. There are also foreign tax credits totaling approximately $150 million that will be utilized over the next 10 years. And the combination of Solutia's geographical profile and our anticipated tax structure should enable us to reduce our corporate tax rate by a couple of hundred basis points. On the revenue synergies, we view these as upsides, but we think they are very real. A couple of examples of leveraging technology from Eastman and Solutia. First, Solutia has solid position and deep customer connect in the tire market through its Crystex and Santoflex product lines. One of CASPI's most exciting new growth platforms is the opportunity we see to enable innovation for energy efficiency in tires. We already have growing sales of hydrocarbon resins that we believe would be accelerated. More significantly, we have been investing in research on novel product development, leveraging for -- leveraging our profitable cellulose ester product lines. We believe that both of these technologies can address significant unmet needs in the tire industry. Solutia's current position in the tire market should help to accelerate these developments. Another example is exploding the intersection of Eastman's polymer materials technologies with Solutia's conductive coatings technologies to serve the increasing performance needs of the rapidly expanding touchscreen LCD and the flexible circuits markets. Complementary business capabilities, including leveraging our world-class market development capability and similar business models between CASPI and Specialty Plastics, and Solutia's businesses. And I as already mentioned, we have overlap in the auto and architectural markets which deepens our understanding of these markets, which we expect will lead to additional opportunities.  Our track record from the numerous successful acquisitions and divestitures we've completed and the knowledge we've gained from these transactions gives us a lot of confidence that we will realize the cost and tax synergies we've listed here and that we'll make good progress on the revenue synergies. We have a clear path to completion of this transaction, as you can see on Slide 17. The acquisition requires the approval of Solutia stockholders. We will also be working on receiving the necessary regulatory approvals. There are also standard and customary closing conditions. There is not a financing contingency, and the termination fee is $102 million. We expect to close this transaction by midyear 2012. On Slide 18, you can see this transaction is expected to result in significant earnings per share accretion. For 2012, we expect EPS of approximately $5 a share. Included in this expectation is accretion from the Solutia acquisition plus some of the expected cost synergies. We also expect earnings growth from our organic growth initiatives and the acquisitions we made in 2011. We are also increasing our 2013 earnings per share guidance to greater than $6 per share. This includes greater accretion from the Solutia acquisition and additional benefits from our organic growth initiatives. We also expect additional benefits from cost synergies. With this acquisition, you can see from our earnings expectations we have accelerated our earnings growth.  And now I'll turn it back over to Jim.
James P. Rogers: Thanks, Curt. So, if we walk through the details of the transaction this morning, I think you can see that the combination of Eastman and Solutia results in a pretty compelling value. From a strategic standpoint, the complementary and adjacent end markets, the combination of technologies and business capabilities, and the acceleration of growth in Asia Pacific, specifically China, all make clear that Solutia is a strong addition to Eastman. Both the cost and tax synergies make this a compelling financial transaction, with revenue synergies as an upside. We expect to be able to complete this transaction while remaining committed to our investment-grade credit rating. Transaction has an attractive return on capital. And lastly, the transaction is highly accretive to Eastman's earnings per share, in effect accelerating our EPS growth and making it clear that we are on track to deliver continued earnings growth for the next several years.  Now as I turn it back over to Greg, I'll just mention I asked Mark Costa to join us this morning. Many of you know Mark. He leads our CASPI and Specialty Plastics business, also marketing sales innovation and the supply chain. But the reason -- main reason he's on the call is because Mark led the business due diligence that we did with Solutia as Mark led the financials. So when we get to the questions, probably all 3 of us will be pitching in to answer.  And with that, let me turn it back over to Greg.
Gregory A. Riddle: Thanks very much. This concludes our prepared remarks this morning. Operator, we are ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will begin with Jeff Quinn with Solutia.
Jeffry N. Quinn: I just wanted to call just to say hello and to say that here at Solutia, we totally agree with Jim's perspective on this transaction. And it is indeed a transformative transaction, and we at Solutia are very excited to be joining a world-class diversified chemicals producer like Eastman. Not only does the transaction deliver meaningful premium to our shareholders over our recent trading price, it enables our investors to benefit over the long term in the combined company due to the stock component in the purchase price. The Board of Solutia and I unanimously agreed that this transaction was in the best interest of our shareholders, but also was in the best interest of the other stakeholders. Our employees, our customers, our suppliers and all the communities around the world where we have operations. The combined company is going to have the financial strength, diversified and complementary mix of premium products, a geographic footprint to accelerate growth and to take advantage of the powerful global trends that are driving demand for our products, including rapid growth in emerging markets and improving living standards across the globe and increased urbanization. When evaluating this transaction, it was very important to me and the board that any transaction would see as being paired with a company that has a close strategic and financial fit, as well as a fit with the values and culture, that we have worked so hard to instill here at Solutia over the last 8 years. With Eastman's complementary operations and the vision of Jim and his team, our Advanced Interlayers, Performance Films and Technical Specialties businesses are poised to continue to build on the success we've achieved over the last few years. Solutia and Eastman are highly complementary to one another not only in terms of our businesses, geographic presence and products, but also in terms of what we stand for. Both companies are known for innovation, investment in high-growth markets worldwide and the highest level of customer support and service. We also share a deep and abiding commitment to operational excellence, developing products that respond directly to market demand and delivering value to our stakeholders.  So, Jim, for all of us here at Solutia, I just want to say that we are terribly pleased with the transaction and look forward to working with you and your team to continue to create value for our shareholders, and we're very excited about what lies ahead and look forward to the future.
James P. Rogers: Thanks Jeff, and I'll return the compliment. It's been a pleasure to work with you and your team. I think you did a great job for your shareholders and all the rest to your stakeholders. So my only word of advice is try and get some sleep this weekend, okay?
Operator: And now we'll move to a question from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Jim, as you know, a lot of value at Solutia is in their Crystex business, a business that they keep under close scrutiny given its very high margins, very high market share. Can you go through the due diligence you've done on Cyrstex to get comfort that business is sustainable both in terms of the margins and its competitive technology differentiation?
James P. Rogers: Yes, we'll give some cursory comments. Again, I mean we're probably 6 months away from the close. But I want to make a general comment, then I'm going to get Mark to add some color as well. Let me just tell you overall, I was pleased with the way we work together with the Solutia team in terms of being able to work quickly but also very diligently and to get all our questions answered, not just on this particular business but financial, tax, markets, et cetera. So I feel very good about how we made our decision, what we were able to factor in. But Mark, do you want to comment more specifically on Crystex?
Mark J. Costa: Sure. Dave, it's a great question. And certainly it's one of the products we like best in the portfolio of Solutia. As you pointed out, it is a nice high-margin business. We like the industry structure there, which is reinforced by their leadership position and the quality of their products. So, it's not just their positioning capacity and cost relative to the small competitors that their product is a much higher performing product and delivering value and efficiency in the tire operation. It gives them a nice, sustainable position in the cost in the final tire being less than 1%, and the importance of performance gives them a very sustainable position, where you'd be very hesitant to switch to other products. We also like that there's no significant capacity on the horizon that would threaten the margins in that business. Certainly not at the capability that Solutia has. It's very similar also to the kind of positions we have in CASPI. When you look at our cellulose esters and coatings or our texanol and architectural paint, it's a very, very similar kind of cost and performance position that we have. It's the kind of business we understand quite well and know how to run. And it's the kind of the product portfolio we like best inside Eastman.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's helpful. Jim, can you comment on whether this transaction began at auction or was it a singular negotiation?
James P. Rogers: Well, I think that all that kind of detail, all the good stuff people like to read at night after they go home, that's all going to come out in the proxy. I'll just say from our side, we entered into a very, let's say, exhaustive process sometime last summer, working with our board about our strategy roadmap and decided that we would really look at the inorganic opportunities that are out there. And I can tell you that Solutia was #1 then and has stayed #1 through that whole process. I mean we looked at quite a few different possibilities for ourselves. And this was -- this rose to the top. I'll also say just on a personal note, I've been here since 1999. This is the best thing I've seen in a major way for Eastman to take a step forward on their growth. So we had a very thorough process. They rose to the top. We entered into discussions, and you see the result of that today.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And Jim, last thing, just on the fourth cracker down in Longview, what's your current thinking on that cracker going forward?
James P. Rogers: Yes, I'm glad you raised that because I was hoping we'd get a chance to talk about -- a little bit about the olefin picture. And I may get Mark to comment again as well because CASPI is affected by our cracking spreads and what we're doing there, as well as he's got the supply chain. But in general, I think things are looking up. Just as a recap, we restarted a cracker, I guess that was like early '10, right, and we think the economics of that was probably a good $30 million of EBIT. It's one way to think about it. We took a couple other smaller actions adding a furnace to one of those crackers and another little step that will probably kick in about $20 million of EBIT when I look at, what, '13 over '12 because I guess that will come on into '12. And then we've been talking about that we want to restart that fourth cracker. What's rising to the top is the idea of an olefins conversion unit, and we are in discussions now with the potential partners on that unit. And it's the kind of thing that would probably kick in, in 2014 such that we would get earnings growth, say, a little '14 over '13, but then '15 over '14. And that olefin conversion unit, our piece of the economics of that -- and as I'm talking, I'm realizing I'm saying everything Mark probably would have said. But our piece of that is going to be greater than the last cracker that we started up. In other words, the EBIT should be quite good on that unit as well. So there'll be more coming on that. Then maybe a better alternative than just restarting that fourth cracker. Is that fair? And maybe while around, if I could just get Mark to comment what we're seeing on the propane propylene spreads as well.
Mark J. Costa: Sure. I mean I think that we certainly feel very good about the long-term spreads in olefins versus the propane, ethane. In the short term, we're also feeling better in the last couple of weeks relative to where we've been in the fourth quarter, as I'm sure you've seen Exxon is going out with a nomination, the $0.20 increase in propylene. And so there's a lot of discussion out there in the marketplace around how propylene prices may increase significantly here as we go into February and March, and certainly that would be an attractive improvement for spreads for us given our position in the -- with our crackers and some upside to earnings.
James P. Rogers: Yes, just to be a fair, those nominations usually you end up with some percent of that, so these are just early indications. But that's probably a little better than we felt 3 months ago when we were talking about bottoming in the fourth and first quarter, maybe starting up in the second, maybe we'll start up a little sooner than that.
Operator: And now we will move to Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo Securities.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I'm looking at your Slide 18, and it looks as if Eastman on its own might have grown something like -- your expectation for 2012 might have been for something like 3% to 4% growth in earnings and EPS. But with Solutia now, obviously you're expecting double-digit type of growth. Is that predicated on Solutia coming into the portfolio on July 1? If the deal is delayed, how do you think about the 2012 earnings and Solutia's impact on that?
James P. Rogers: Yes, expectation is right around midyear, Frank. So and by the way, the slide is just representative, so don't get your ruler out and measure that little slide, which you've probably already done, so it's too late. But I guess what I'm saying is, I mean, we thought we would have some growth in our earnings this year whether we did an acquisition or not. So that was just the straight up running the core businesses. We knew we were going to use cash, use our balance sheet, so either buying back stock, doing small acquisitions. So, there was going to be growth on top of that, and that's the guidance we would have given. Let's just say, we have this beautiful opportunity to add a property like Solutia to our portfolio. And if it happens in midyear, we'll get about half the year of those earnings. We'll have captured some of the synergies right up front. Obviously, this is kind of excluding the onetime cost of getting the deal done, et cetera. So kind of factor in a midyear and then you can head for that $5.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I see, okay. Because it was interesting looking at the -- your release last night, and I saw the pace of share buyback was materially lower in the fourth quarter. And obviously, I realized why this morning. And then, I guess, lastly, on the revenue synergy side, I know Curt you talked a little bit about the tire market and the touchscreen market. I was wondering if you could give us a preliminary look in terms of sizes of revenue synergies out there, either in macro or at least rank order, where you think the best overlap is and where you can really drive top line growth with Solutia now part of the portfolio.
James P. Rogers: And Frank, let me take your questions. I want Curt to just comment just briefly on the kind of some of the cost synergies and the work we went through to identify that. Then I'm really going to turn your revenue synergy question to Mark, because a lot of the synergies are going to be with businesses that he runs today. But Curt, just in general.
Curtis E. Espeland: So again, Jim mentioned the level of diligence we were able to complete. Let me just add, first on the tax side, we feel very good about the tax benefits that come with this transaction, both in the next several years and longer term. On the cost synergies, we've been looking through different components and different buckets. Obviously, we're trying to be very mindful to make sure both businesses are still operating strong. We made some early assessments. We feel comfortable with the target that we've established. And as we get further into understanding the infrastructure and the footprint, we may adjust that number. But right now, we feel good about the $100 million.
James P. Rogers: Yes, and just on the revenue synergies, I don't feel like we had to factor a lot of that into our valuation models. But I want Mark just to talk about what the potential could be.
Mark J. Costa: Sir, I'm just going to give 2 examples. The first one is on the tires, as you asked, Frank. With tires, we certainly see some significant opportunities today. We already have resin sales in tires. As the regulations are driving for more fuel efficiency in tires and they're looking to also, of course, maintain wear and traction at the same time, which is what they call the magic triangle, you're always trying to formulate that tire just like you are formulating a coating to get optimal performance in that magic triangle. It turns out that some of our hydrocarbon resins and even more significantly some of our cellulose ester products can perform some pretty interesting improvements in optimizing those performance parameters that have us quite excited. And as I said, we're already seeing some resin sales. So I think that there's at least $100 million of upside around that opportunity for us. It's still a bit early, so I dont want to get into specifics. And those are relatively high-margin products. So it's a meaningful opportunity for us, and we certainly have a deep respect for the quality of relationships that Solutia has with tire companies and their application development capability and believe they'll bring a lot to our efforts in this area in improving our probability of success and accelerating it as well. I think the other place where we see significant opportunity, Frank, is in the combination of Specialty Plastics and our capabilities there and Solutia's coatings capability and performance films. There's a lot of opportunity there around combining those 2 technologies. Rarely do you get the opportunity to work both on the -- when you have control of both the coatings and the substrate. Today, they're limited by commodity PET as a substrate. When you look at the challenges you have in improving performance, it's usually something around heat resistance, clarity in the optical properties, chemical resistance and toughness that you're trying to improve in the substrate and the coating. When you take our copolyesters and Tritan and our unique world capability, to do modification of those substrates combined with our coating capability, it opens up a lot of innovation in conductive films and flexible circuits that we're pretty excited about.
James P. Rogers: And Frank, before we go to next question, Frank had raised the slowing down on our stock buyback. I was just going ask Curt. We just couldn't help ourselves, we had to go back out of curiosity and see what the average price we had paid for the stock we'd bought back over the last.
Curtis E. Espeland: So, if you look at last 2 years, 2010 and 2011, we bought $600 million in shares or roughly 15 million shares at an average price of $40 a share.
Operator: We'll now move to Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I was wondering if you could elaborate on how exactly you arrived at the valuation coming down to 9x trailing EBITDA. What metrics did you tend to focus on and what the approach was there? And then related to that, how did you arrive at the cash and equity split? Not sure what level of conversations you may have had with the rating agencies, but perhaps you could help us understand how that was apportioned.
James P. Rogers: Okay, sure. On the first part, the valuation, we didn't reinvent the wheel. The way we approached it was the way everyone does, basically, on a number of fronts. I'd say we're mainly driven by thinking of cash flow, so you have all your discounted cash flow analysis and you really work from there. And of course, you're forced to look at other multiples of transactions, you're forced to look at how things are trading in the marketplace. And as you know, both boards will have, or do have, fairness opinions from their banks. So the valuation is going to be a complicated process as that looks at a number of things. Those of you know me know I always start from my financial background. So if I could really dumb it down, it had to be a good deal. And I think putting the 2 companies together created value in a way that made us the logical buyer. But I would say, most of my thinking was strictly driven off the cash flows and what we thought we could do with these businesses. In terms of the -- and by the way, so the multiple you say is, of course, before the synergies and before we look at those tax benefits. On the cash versus stock, obviously, a negotiated item. I think Jeff did very well for his shareholders. I think they got a great deal, nice premium. I think that we, from our side, very protective of our investment-grade rating. We think by being investment grade, we maintain our flexibility to pursue all the growth alternatives that we see in front of us. And remember, we were pretty content with the portfolio of organic opportunities we have. This was just an extraordinary chance for us to take advantage of inorganic opportunity. The rating agencies, I don't want to preempt their story, I think they'll be out later today, but we think we have a very strong credit profile and hopefully, you don't have long to wait to hear what they think.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then following closure at the deal, Jim, can you comment on what the future of the portfolio may look like? It's not obvious to me that you would have any subsequent divestitures or peel-offs either for antitrust or strategic reasons. But how do you think the combination affects your future deployment capital?
James P. Rogers: That's a good question and I -- just to pick up on that, I really don't think there's much overlap at all that would give rise during the HSR issues or antitrust issues. We like their portfolio. They got some very strong businesses. I think it's premature to kind of walk through each one. I think the places where the Solutia management today realizes they need to do some work and maybe adjust their game plan, we agree with them. And so we'll be watching what they do over the next several months. Remember, they're still running this company until the middle of the year. But net-net, we like their portfolio of businesses. And when you hear us Eastman execs stand up and talk about strong core businesses, we're just going to have more strong core businesses to talk about.
Operator: Now moving to Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: In terms of the utilization of the tax assets that Solutia has, is there anything unique about Eastman that allows you to use them in a way that someone else couldn't use them?
Curtis E. Espeland: Jeff, this is Curt. I think it's fair to say that our tax positions are very complementary. If you think about Eastman as a U.S. multinational, we have a fairly large U.S. taxable income, and that enables us to utilize the results of the NOLs. That would be harder to say for someone that is not a strategic U.S. chemical company like Eastman.
James P. Rogers: Or a private equity player.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes. And what about the entity structure, can you just elaborate a tiny bit on that as to how that would give you extra tax synergies?
Curtis E. Espeland: So what that would entail is a couple things. And again, there's still a lot of work to do between now and closing to finalize that. But part of it is simply just their foreign income versus our foreign income and just the benefits and attributes that provides. And then just when you take 2 companies like this, you have the ability to look at your overall tax structure, do some effective tax planning and they have an impact on your overall effective tax rate. So we could be coming between 30% and 31% on an overall combined basis, which will be very attractive for us.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then in terms of your core operations, can you give me an idea of what the sequential volume change was in CASPI and PCI and Specialty Plastics?
James P. Rogers: Over what period are you thinking, Jeff?
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: From the third quarter to the fourth quarter.
James P. Rogers: Well, If I could just in general, I think we've got some tables in there. But in general, third to fourth was mainly the typical seasonal downturn with -- and then add on top of it more destocking than we've seen in probably 3 of the 4 businesses, right? So fibers is almost -- there's nothing to think about or talk about there, just once again, excellent performance. The other 3 businesses, they each had their own story. Specialty Plastics, probably the biggest story in terms of destocking and how their business came off. I think maybe what I'll do since I got the guy who has CASPI and SPBO in the room, maybe I'll let Mark just comment on third to fourth. And then maybe also a look forward at what you see coming back in the first quarter.
Mark J. Costa: Sure. Jeff, on Specialty Plastics, as Jim mentioned, I would really characterize it more as a first half versus second half story, where we saw a pretty material drop in demand in the second half. I would note that, that drop in demand was in line with what we're seeing in all the other sort of comparative polymer industries. So if you go to CMAI or some other source and look at demand drops in polycarbonate PBC and some other polymers there, you'll see a pretty significant drop, too, and it's mostly what we can tell is the slowdown in the economy and the typical pull with inventory correction you get in the polymers industry. There's no question that on a modest basis, we probably lost a little bit of share there as we've increased prices pretty substantially through the year to cover PX. But I would note that I feel very good about the business, our ability to maintain margins and value propositions that have stuck with our customers gives me good confidence this year. We've already seen a good recovery in orders in January for Specialty Plastics, so we feel like we're back on track there. In CASPI, I'd characterize it more as your typical seasonal adjustments of volumes. I would say that it also was more of a second half story, where some of our high-margin products like cellulose esters saw a drop in demand both third and fourth quarter. What was unique in the fourth quarter wasn't so much a drop in revenue from third to fourth, it was a correction in production rates and inventory management that led to unabsorbed fixed costs. The spreads in both businesses held up quite well, and I'm feeling good about them in the first quarter.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then, I guess, lastly for Curt. In the $100 million synergies that you've identified, in ballpark terms, what would it cost you to achieve those?
Curtis E. Espeland: When we look at integration costs, we're talking about probably an equivalent amount $100 million over that same time period, 18 months.
Operator: And now we move to next question and that will come from Nils Wallin with CLSA.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Currently, are there any synergies in terms of raw material? Are you -- are both Solutia and Eastman buying similar raw materials?
James P. Rogers: Yes, we are. And again, just so I don't do all the talking, Mark, you've got supply chain. I think we both know the answer because this is one we like. So I'm going to give the good one to Mark. Go ahead.
Mark J. Costa: So we certainly see quite a bit of overlap in some opportunities there. So if you look at Solutia's top 10 raw material purchases, we either make or buy 8 of those top 10 raw materials. So there's quite a bit of overlap that we see either in leveraging production assets we have or improving our combined buy and some different kinds of swaps we might be able to pursue to optimize our cost position. So we think it's a good opportunity area. I think we've been relatively conservative so far in the value what we think we can get from there.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Great. And then in terms of customer overlap, it sounds like there is a fair amount. Could you give us a sense of percent of businesses or revenues that you guys overlap?
James P. Rogers: Yes, we probably don't want to do that at this stage. I mean what we thought was perhaps more useful was just to give you some examples. And so that's what Mark did earlier when he was talking about, for example, the tire customers or when you get into film. So let us beg off on that for a little bit, and we'll be able to talk about that more in the quarters to come.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just finally, in Specialty Plastics in the fourth quarter, I believe there was some planned maintenance. How much did that hurt earnings?
James P. Rogers: That was about a $5 million hit in the earnings in the fourth quarter.
Operator: We'll now move to the next question and that will come from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: In Specialty Plastics, you had certain decline in volumes in 4Q. Can you just talk about that and what kind of ramp up do you see in 2012?
James P. Rogers: Yes, and again, I'm going to let Mark answer, but let me just say, we did -- there was some lower margin business that we were walking away from, so you probably do need to hear a little more color to get the understanding of really what's going on in the business. One of the things I'm most proud of is Tritan seems to be staying very strong because that's one of the places we're adding capacity, so we feel pretty good about that. But Mark, do you want to throw some more color on that?
Mark J. Costa: Sure. I mean it's a mixed story, PJ. There is part of it which is, as Jim mentioned, where we continue to see very good and continuous growth. So Tritan grew well over 20% year-over-year from '10 to '11, and we're continuing to see that growth into '12 as we just completed, mechanically, the second 30,000-ton expansion for Tritan in January. So we're feeling very good about that part. The second part I'd say is the displays industry, as you can probably see from a lot of other companies out there, went through a pretty rough patch in the second half of last year of severe destocking, and we saw the similar kind of significant drop in orders for displays. And we expect that to continue to be soft as that industry is still going through inventory correction in the first half of this year. But we expect a pretty strong recovery in that market. Overall, we think displays is going to continue to have very solid strong sort of 20-plus-percent growth in the downstream market that will make that business attractive. And then on the copolyesters, the core part of the business, that one is the one where we had more of the volume drop than Tritan of course. And that was just your typical inventory correction, as I mentioned earlier, that the whole polymer industry saw. And I do think we've seen good recovery across all markets in January as people are starting to come back and the market recovered from that destocking.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: On the merger, when you look at revenue synergies, is it fair to say that the chemistry overlap between the 2 companies is between Solutia's Performance Films business and your CASPI business?
James P. Rogers: Okay, more of the Specialty Plastics and more of the polymer chemistry in general. I don't know, Mark, do you want to add anything to that?
Mark J. Costa: I think that's right. I think we see a good connect in their polymer businesses and Specialty Plastics. I would say the CASPI connect is more with the rubber additives business, and where we see the connection there.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And Jim, one last question on your Slide 14. You haven the pro forma company mapped out fine in terms of EBITDA. So when you look at the future, sort of longer term, what do you see? And do you see that you will digest this acquisition in the next couple of years and then try to continue to move to the left?
James P. Rogers: I think we've got -- we're thinking in terms of an 18-month plan. I think, again, you're going to see a pretty strong credit profile. So while pay down of debt is going to be one of the top priorities for cash, I don't think we have to go completely silent. I mean, obviously, in the next 12 months or so, after we close on the transaction, we're going to be very focused on doing this integration right and capturing at least what we promised. But I think we will be able to lift our heads up, continue pursuing the organic opportunities we got and there'll be a time at which we get more active again inorganically. And honestly, if I had to choose between the directions, yes, I'd rather go left than right. But I want to tell you something. This isn't so much an ego-driven culture that, well, we've just got to be bigger. We're really about creating shareholder value. What I feel the best about, when I look out over the next few years, is how we're kind of increasing, greatly increasing, I would say, the odds of year-over-year earnings growth for multiple years. So we had earnings growth '10 and over '09, '11 over '10. Now I'm seeing a pretty clear path to '12 over '11. I think we've just attacked on a cushion there. And then '13 over '12 for sure as I look at getting the synergies in. And '14 over '13, the same story. So you don't have to hit the ball out of the park every time, you just need to have that consistent track record of growing your earnings at this kind of rate. And we're going to look pretty darn good. So that's more the game plan, it's value creation and driving your earnings per share.
Operator: And now we'll move to a question from Harry Mateer with Barclays Capital.
Harry Mateer - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Three questions for you. I guess first on the rating side, it sounds like you ran this by the agencies ahead of time. But just to put a finer point on it, are you comfortable running the business at low BBB or do you expect to retain your existing mid BBB ratings?
James P. Rogers: So again, I'm not going to steal the thunder from the agencies. They do their own releases, do their own analysis. I'm telling you we feel like we have a very strong credit profile. I'd be comfortable with either of those ratings. I mean, they're both investment grade. We like every much where we are, and I think we have maximum flexibility where we are.
Harry Mateer - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And can you give us a sense for the anticipated mix of loans and bonds for the new debt financing?
James P. Rogers: It's not final yet but, Curt, why dont you tell him what we're thinking.
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes, we're working through aspects and we'll obviously see what the market does over the coming years. But we were looking at a mix of 5, 10 and 30 years. And then what's nice about the current market is the after tax rate on that debt is probably going to be closer to 3%.
Harry Mateer - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And in terms of the term loan, any sense for what the tenure of that is going to be?
Curtis E. Espeland: The term loan is a 5-year term loan with accelerating payments on the back end. But with the free cash flow profile you see here, you can see us paying that probably on a more accelerated pace.
Harry Mateer - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. Okay and then last just in terms of the Solutia debt, I know those bonds have some equity claw language. Can you share your expectations for how you're going to deal with that?
James P. Rogers: Not yet, that's still to be discussed. And there'll be the appropriate time to say something on that.
Curtis E. Espeland: And just to be clear, maybe on the term loan, that's going to be about $1 billion of the debt mix.
Operator: And now moving to a question from Andrew Feinman with Iridian Asset Management.
Andrew Feinman: Well, first of all, I just wanted to say that, Jim, you told us that when you spend some money, it's going to be something where right out of the box your owners are going to like it and it's going to make your stock go up. And sure enough, the stocks have 4 points pre-market, so thank you for living up to your commitment. So how many shares of Solutia are there? I'm just trying to figure out how many shares of Eastman there will be created.
James P. Rogers: I think it's about 15 million shares of Eastman, because it's, what, 124 million?
Curtis E. Espeland: About 124 million shares will be on the Solutia side, and we'll be issuing about 15 million, which, like I mentioned, is almost equivalent to the 15 million we bought back over the last 2 years.
Operator: And we'll now take a question from Paul Leming with Ticonderoga.
Paul Leming - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division: I'm just curious whether or not you could highlight what you believe are some of the key end-market growth drivers that acquiring Solutia will really give you a greater exposure to you. You've talked about tires. Beyond tires, what are the other key markets, end markets that you really see as strong growth propositions for Solutia?
Mark J. Costa: Sure. Great question, and certainly the automotive tire part is part of the story, but I wouldn't leave it there. The architectural market we see is very attractive and especially at this time of the cycle in the architectural, we're buying in at a good position in the demand trends for architectural. But they -- Solutia has some great products, bringing energy efficiency and safety and aesthetic performance in the architectural market, and we see that as quite exciting. I'd also say that applies to the automotive window market as well and some of the things we're doing in Performance Films for the same set of drivers. So as you see a world becoming much more conscious about energy efficiency, looking to upgrade the quality of products that they have in aesthetics and performance, they're in a great spot to leverage both those trends of architectural and automotive and performance films and Saflex. And then we see the electronic space, which is certainly very high growth and an attractive part of our Specialty Plastics business, leveraging that same set of trends. And what they have emerging in performance films creates a whole new market space that, while it's still relatively small at Solutia, I think it has tremendous upside growth to it for both companies, especially as we bring a very unique capability together because we'll be the only player in the industry that has both the ability to modify substrates as well as coatings at the same time, so we'll be very uniquely positioned.
Operator: And that question will come from Greg Goodnight with UBS.
Gregg A. Goodnight - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It sounds like to me after the Sterling acquisition you guys are trying to piece together the old Monsanto chemical. You wouldn't comment on that? A couple of questions for you. You mentioned about half of the NOLs being accessible in 3 years. Could you comment on what you think your eventual ability to capture the rest of the NOLs or the domiciled where you will have access to them?
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes. The NOLs, as you know when you have NOLs, you inherit certain limitations as well as it has to complement your own. But right now, we feel we'll get half in the next 3 years and we'll get all of it over the next 10 to 12 years.
Gregg A. Goodnight - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great. It may be a bit early to answer this question. Could you comment on your access to the historic patent state of Solutia and Monsanto? And have you ascribed any value to that? You think you can ring some value out of the intellectual property that this thing brings to the party?
James P. Rogers: I guess all I want to say now because as you might imagine valuation is going to be a topic very quickly here, speak around it a little bit. But let me just say, we were able to do the diligence we needed to do, look at the things we needed to look at in order to reach what we thought was an appropriate value.
Gregg A. Goodnight - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And speaking of value, if you add the NOLs and the synergies and the like you're talking multiples more in the -- potential multiples more in the 6 to 7 range, which seems very attractive. Do you think that's a reasonable analysis?
James P. Rogers: I think the things you mentioned do have value, and I think it's -- again, let me just say, I think it's quite attractive for our shareholders, but I also realize that the folks on the other side of the table got a very good deal. I think they got a nice premium, and I think they continue to get some upside as they have a piece of our stock. So good deal all around.
Gregg A. Goodnight - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes. My thinking is in knowing both your companies, I worked for Solutia for a long time, and I would comment that the cultures are extremely similar, and it's very striking in that. I think the Solutia folks, employees certainly ought to be very happy with this. To me it goes beyond a friendly takeover and the sort of approach as a marriage. What do you think about the 2 cultures?
James P. Rogers: I appreciate that. We agree with you completely. I can tell you that the -- everyone we've met at Solutia were truly professional, and it felt like a good fit from day one. So I can tell you, I'm just so pleased that we were able to get together.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay, thanks again for joining us this morning. A web replay will be available on January 30. Have a great day.
Operator: And with that, that will conclude your conference for today. We do thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: James P. Rogers - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Gregory A. Riddle - Director of Investor Relations Curtis E. Espeland - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Thomas McGannon  Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Research Division Lee Bressler Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Manav Gupta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Paul Leming - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division Nils-Bertil Wallin - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on Eastman's website, www.eastman.com. We'll now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay. Thank you, Tricia, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Jim Rogers, Chairman and CEO; Curt Espeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Fernando Subijana, our new Manager of Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover 3 items. First, during this call, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations for fourth quarter 2011 and full year 2012. Actual results could differ materially from our plans and expectations. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's third quarter 2011 financial results news release on our website and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for the second quarter 2011 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for third quarter 2011. Second, except where otherwise indicated, all financial measures referenced in the call and in the slides accompanying the call will be non-GAAP financial measures, including earnings per share and operating earnings that exclude asset impairments or restructuring charges and gains. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures, including a description of the restructuring related items are available in our second quarter 2011 financial results news release and the tables accompanying the news release.  Third, earlier this month, we completed a two-for-one stock split. All per share amounts in this presentation have been adjusted for the split.  Lastly, we have posted the slides that accompany our remarks for this morning's call on our website at www.investors.eastman.com in the Presentations & Events (sic) [Events & Presentation] section. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James P. Rogers: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. I'm on Slide 3 and as is my normal practice, I'll begin with a review of our 2011 outlook statements that we made back in July. For third quarter, we said we expected to be above third quarter 2010 EPS of $1.11 and we delivered with EPS of $1.19. For the year, we said we expected to be slightly above $4.62 and our current full year guidance is about the same, and I'll talk more about that in a few minutes. We said we expected free cash flow for the year to be approximately $200 million and we made some decisions that may bring us a little below that number, but still very healthy, and Curt will take you through the details on that.  And lastly, we said we would continue to be disciplined in how we put cash to work and we have been. During the quarter, stockholders received almost $150 million through the combination of dividends and share repurchases. We completed 3 acquisitions in the quarter, Sterling Chemicals, Scandiflex and Dynaloy. And we expect Sterling and Scandiflex to be slightly accretive to earnings this year, accretive above our cost of capital next year and both support growth in non-phthalate plasticizers, and Scandiflex gives us a manufacturing presence in Brazil. And Dynaloy will support our growth efforts for electronic materials within CASPI. And we remain on schedule for a number of capacity additions throughout the company. So I think Eastman is well-positioned with solid core businesses and a strong balance sheet to demonstrate the resilience of our earnings and what is definitely an uncertain economic environment.  Turning to Slide 4 and our corporate results for the quarter. Revenue increased by 20% primarily driven by higher selling prices. Volume was flat and this reflects some softening of demand in a few markets, as well as inventory destocking due to significant volatility in raw material cost and also likely some cash flow management. Operating earnings were down slightly year-over-year and there are number of factors. In third quarter 2011, we had $11 million in cost from the earlier unplanned outage of one of our crackers in Texas, and this has been backed up and running since early August. And we recognized $8 million from an acetyl technology license with Chang Chun Petrochemical. You may remember, we also had $12 million in revenue on earnings from this license in the first quarter of 2010.  Looking back at third quarter 2010, we were helped by $22 million from the partial recovery of an insurance settlement related to a power outage at our Texas facility. So with these factors considered, the year-over-year is actually positive as higher selling prices more than offsets substantially higher raw material and energy cost, and earnings per share of $1.19 are a record third quarter for us.  Moving next to the segments starting with CASPI on Slide 5. Sales revenue increased year-over-year, primarily reflecting higher selling prices in response to higher raw material and energy costs. For example, propane costs were up about 40% year-over-year in the third quarter. Operating earnings declined, but the story is similar to the corporate story. Third quarter 2011 op earnings included $3 million of costs from the unplanned cracker outage, and third quarter 2010 operating earnings included $9 million from the partial insurance settlement. Outside of these 2 factors, selling prices more than offset higher raw material and energy cost.  Looking at the fourth quarter, we anticipate a normal seasonal decline in volume. Some of this is destocking, which is normal in the fourth quarter. Some is caution, given the economic uncertainty. But at this point, for CASPI, we don't see anything more than that, and we expect raw material and energy costs to remain volatile. As a result, we're bringing down their full year outlook slightly from over $350 million of op earnings to approximately $340 million, which would still be an annual record.  Next up is Fibers on Slide 6, and their earnings strength continues. Revenue was up 11% year-over-year. There was a favorable shift in product mix as we have now filled out the Korea acetate tow capacity expansion and are benefiting from additional tow sales in Asia Pacific. And selling prices were up to offset higher raw material and energy costs, particularly for wood pulp. Operating earnings were up slightly due to the higher tow volume in Asia. For the full year, Fibers remains on track for operating earnings of approximately $340 million, which would be an annual record for them and it would be their eighth in a row.  PCI is next on Slide 7, and they had an excellent quarter in a very challenging environment. Revenue increased 39% year-over-year due to higher selling prices and a favorable shift in product mix. The selling prices were in response to higher raw material and energy costs. The favorable shift in product mix was due to increased plasticizers sales, $8 million of revenue from the acetyl license and $15 million of revenue from the acquired Sterling Chemicals business.  Operating earnings increased year-over-year and consistent with the corporate and CASPI story. There were a number of items included in the results. Third quarter 2011 operating earnings included $8 million of cost from the unplanned outage of one of our crackers and $8 million from an acetyl technology license offsetting each other. Third quarter 2010 operating earnings, though, included $12 million from the partial settlement of an insurance claim. Outside of these factors, operating earnings increased year-over-year, primarily due to higher selling prices more than offsetting higher raw material and energy cost. Sequentially, although we were able to mostly hold selling prices as raw materials and energy cost declined, operating earnings were lower due to seasonally lower sales volume.  We are expecting normal seasonally lower volumes -- I'm sorry, this is looking forward into the fourth quarter. We're going to have some challenges, including normally seasonally lower volumes. In addition, U.S. propylene prices have dropped significantly. We believe there are a number of factors driving this. The market-built propylene inventories in the third quarter in preparation for several turnarounds during the fourth quarter and came into the quarter with higher inventories. At the same time, overall demand was slowing because propylene derivatives became expensive relative to the rest of the world, due to the high U.S. propylene prices and therefore, exports were curtailed. And there's also likely been inventory destocking due to the expected drop in propylene prices.  We think the market is over correcting from the high September prices because a lot of what is happening is due to seasonal factors, and because additional turnarounds of refineries in crackers are expected in the remainder of the quarter. In long term, we remain confident that the propane-propylene spread will be an advantage for Eastman.  Despite the fourth quarter challenges, we still expect that PCI operating earnings for the year will be approximately $300 million, which would be an annual record.  Specialty Plastics is on Slide 8. Revenue was up 4% as higher selling prices more than offset lower sales volume. The higher selling prices were primarily in response to higher paraxylene cost, and paraxylene prices were up more than 60% year-over-year in the quarter. The lower sales volume was due to a few factors. First, we've seen some slowing in the packaging and consumer durable goods markets in North America and then the LCD market in Asia. Second, we believe there was some destocking in the quarter and expectation of lower paraxylene prices. And third, because paraxylene cost have gone up as much as they have and therefore, copolyester prices have increased, we've seen some switching by customers to competing materials that haven't had the same raw material pressure. As a result, operating earnings were flat year-over-year and down slightly sequentially.  Looking forward, we expect volume to decline seasonally in the fourth quarter. In addition, we will have additional costs related to planned capacity additions. These are for Tritan resin, copolyester monomer and cellulose triacetate. Despite the challenging environment, we continue to expect Specialty Plastics operating earnings will approach $120 million.  A review of our regional performance is on Slide 9. We continue to have year-over-year revenue growth in all regions. In the quarter, the revenue growth was driven by higher selling prices, which increased primarily due to higher raw material and energy cost. The revenue split in the quarter was 54% in the U.S. and Canada, 46% in the rest of the world. This split is about the same on a year-to-date basis. Operating earnings both for the quarter and year-to-date were the reverse, with 53% of our earnings in Asia, Europe and Latin America combined, and 47% in the U.S. and Canada. The bottom line is that we are continuing to benefit from the geographic diversity of our revenue and earnings.  Turning next to our guidance for fourth quarter and full year 2011. We expect normal seasonality in volumes, including destocking in the fourth quarter, but we have yet to see signs of softness in our fourth quarter volumes beyond normal seasonality, although our visibility has declined in certain of our businesses as customers orders -- as customers order more frequently and in smaller quantity. We expect raw material and energy cost to continue to be volatile. We're expecting propylene to continue to be under pressure in the quarter. We also expect propane prices to potentially increase from current levels as it gets colder outside. And we are expecting paraxylene to remain near current levels, perhaps declining even a little as we get closer to the end of the year.  As I mentioned previously, we do have planned maintenance in the fourth quarter and there's more than we normally have. All 3 of our streams have turnarounds in their manufacturing assets. In the acetyl stream, coal gasification has a major maintenance turnaround that occurs once every 3 to 4 years. Polymers has start-up cost, as we prepare capacity additions to come online in the first half of 2012, and we have a number of turnarounds in our olefins stream. We are also continuing to invest in growth, and this includes increased cost on what we report as other related to our planned acetylated wood launch in Spring of 2012. Taken together, we expect fourth quarter 2011 EPS will be above fourth quarter 2010, and our full year 2011 earnings will be approximately $4.62, about consistent with our full year guidance from July.  And normally, I do a CEO spotlight where I talk about an individual or something that I want to highlight, but I expect that there would be some interest if I turn that CEO spotlight on the propane-propylene spread, and how changes in the spread are impacting our results. So in an effort for transparency, we put together Slide 11 which provide some additional detail on how our earnings have been impacted over the last 5 years, including 2011. You can see in the table at the bottom of the slide, the annual average propane to propylene spread based on data from CMAI. And the higher the number, the more beneficial the spread is to Eastman, since in the U.S., we make 2/3 of our propylene using mainly propane as the primary feedstock, and we purchase the remaining 1/3 of our propylene needs. The blue bars are corporate full year operating earnings. We haven't included a number for 2011 yet, of course, because the year isn't complete. And the green bars indicate our best estimate of operating earnings impact from producing versus purchasing propylene and ethylene. I'd add that the estimated impact in 2011 also includes the benefit from restarting one of the crackers in December of 2010. And what you see is that we expect a little less than 15% of our earnings in 2011 are the result of producing versus purchasing olefins, and that the average impact has been about 10% a year.  In 2009, as you can see, it was actually negative. But you'd probably agree with me that, that wasn't necessarily a typical year. The impact of producing versus purchasing olefins is not linear to the spread you are seeing for a few reasons, and this is a kind of stuff that's hard for you to see on the outside, so that's why we wanted to get this slide in front of you. First, keep in mind that the impact is for both propylene and ethylene. Second, the impact reflects both the capacity utilization of the crackers and the fact that we have both added and idled crackers over the last 5 years. Third, our businesses have been working hard to reduce the volatility. This includes long-term agreements with key customers. And lastly, some of our derivative pricing reflects propane cost rather than propylene. So some contracts price off of propane instead of propylene.  With that said, the benefit of producing versus purchasing olefins will continue to be a contributor to our earnings performance, but by no means, is it the only or even primary driver of our earnings. We have a number of very strong businesses that are growing that have no exposure to the spread. Think of Specialty Plastics, Fibers, the resins product line in CASPI and the acetyl products in the PCI as examples. As I've said before, if what you are primarily interested in is exposure to low cost olefins in the Gulf, there are other companies with significantly more exposure than Eastman that would be a better play for you.  I'll conclude this morning with some general comments about 2012. We certainly don't have clear visibility into 2012 at this point, but we do know we have some strong tailwinds and that we are confronting a number of potential headwinds. On the potential headwinds, these are really outside of Eastman's control. First, the uncertain economic environment, and although we don't see signs of recession, we are watching order patterns closely. Second, volatility of raw materials and energy cost to become normal for us, and we continue to work our way -- on ways to lessen the impact. And giving the low level of interest rates, we expect to have higher pension expense in 2012.  For tailwinds, these are more specific to Eastman. We have a strong core of businesses that we expect will deliver resilient earnings despite the uncertain environment. We made a number of changes to our portfolio over the past 10 years. And today, we have a core of businesses in which we are very confident. We have capacity additions throughout the company that come online next year and they are in areas where Eastman has an advantage, be it in Tritan copolyester or Regalite hydrogenated hydrocarbon resins. We will also have a full year benefit from the Sterling Chemicals and Scandiflex acquisitions which we completed in August, and we continue to have a strong balance sheet. And as we have done throughout 2011, we will allocate capital towards earnings growth and we'll use all lines of the income statement to grow EPS. If it turns out that 2012 is just a slow growth environment and there are no other shocks of the global economy, I believe Eastman is well-positioned to continue to grow EPS from this year.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Curt
Curtis E. Espeland: Okay. Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin on Slide 14. We generated solid cash flow in the third quarter at over $200 million. Net earnings continue to be strong. We did make a tax payment of $28 million for the gain on the PET divestiture and expect to make another $27 million payment in the fourth quarter, for a total $110 million for the year. In addition, we built inventories in the third quarter in preparation for plan manufacturing maintenance in the fourth quarter that Jim just mentioned.  Our free cash flow in the third quarter was $80 million and through 9 months, free cash is negative $77 million. We are on track for a strong free cash flow in the fourth quarter resulting in an expected free cash flow for the year of between $175 million and $200 million. This has changed from our last guidance, primarily due to the increase in capital expenditures likely to be around $475 million for the year, as growth projects are progressing well some infact ahead of schedule. We still expect strong cash generation in the fourth quarter, due to normal seasonal patterns and working capital and as we work those inventories back down. We ended the quarter with about $650 million of cash on our balance sheet and we continue to have a healthy level of debt capacity available to pursue targeted growth projects, all within the parameters of a strong investment-grade credit rating.  On Slide 15, you can see how we've been allocating capital year-to-date in 2011. And this is very consistent with how we've told you, we would be allocating our capital: a mixture of supporting growth and returning cash to stockholders. We talked about the capital expenditures and acquisitions already this morning. Combined, they represent about 50% of the capital that we put to work so far in 2011. In these acquisitions, the capital expenditures will support our earnings growth in 2012 and beyond.  We have also been consistently returning cash to stockholders. We raised our dividend in August of this year and back in December of last year, and we have a yield of over 2.5% today. We're recognizing that the dividend is a board decision. Stockholders should continue to expect as our earnings grow, so will our dividend. And we continue to repurchase shares. In the third quarter, we repurchased $115 million. And through 9 months, we repurchased almost $300 million. Our share count is now down over 5 million shares since the beginning of 2010. Combined through the dividends and share repurchase, we've returned almost $400 million to stockholders so far this year.  We also made $100 million pension contribution in the first quarter, with a discount rate as low as it's getting. We will probably look at making another pension contribution sometime over the next several quarters. Sitting here today, I would expect such a contribution to be similar to the confirmation we made earlier part of this year.  I continue to believe that disciplined allocation of capital is how we can differentiate ourselves, and you should expect us to continue to allocate capital in a disciplined way with a bias towards earnings growth.  And as a good example of that earnings growth, I'll end this morning with a few comments on our Sterlings acquisition. We closed the transaction in August a few weeks after our second quarter call. Our primary reason for acquiring Sterling was their plasticizer manufacturing assets. They had previously supplied ortho-phthalate-based plasticizers but their underlying contract had been terminated and the asset idled. We are now in the process of converting this asset so that it can produce our Eastman 168 non-ortho-phthalate plasticizer. The conversion will take place in 2 phases to match anticipated growth, with the first phase online in the first half of 2012 and the second phase brought online when warranted.  Given the strong demand for these products, we expect the whole phases of the expansions will be filled out in 2014. The underlying market for non-phthalate plasticizer is estimated to be growing about 7% annually in North America and Europe. Key end markets, as you can see on the slide, are building and construction, packaging and health and wellness. When this asset is fully filled up [ph], our projected sales revenue should be greater than $200 million, with operating margins better than those for the overall PCI segment.  We purchased earlier for about $100 million in cash. It is on track to be slightly accretive to the 2011 earnings per share, excluding transaction costs and charges. We paid about 4x posts synergy 2012 EBITDA and we expect will be accretive above cost of capital in 2012 and significantly more accretive than that as those plasticizer assets fill-up [ph] going into 2014. As a reminder, when we say accretive above cost to capital, we mean that we expect earnings from the acquired businesses will be above the cost of going to the capital markets to fund the transaction.  These are the kinds of acquisitions we continue to look for. I will say the M&A environment has slowed down some somewhat, over the last couple of months given the economics and other uncertainties. But we continue to have a number of opportunities in our pipeline that we are considering. With that, I'll turn it back over to Greg.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay, thanks, Curt and this concludes our prepared remarks. Tricia, we are ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Jim, could you quantify the impact of the propane-propylene spread for us this in Q2 and what your expectation is for Q4?
James P. Rogers: Yes, let me do it this way because there's obviously been a little written about it, a little talk about it. So far, year-to-date it's probably worth about $130 million to us, so that green bar you see on 2011 and realize this is an approximation because we haven't gone through the year is close to the $140 million, so we would expect the fourth quarter is going to be $10 million. And obviously the biggest quarter of the year for us was probably the second quarter.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And just on the turnaround cost in Q4, can you quantify those costs and what they were a year ago?
James P. Rogers: Well, just on a comparison quarter-over-quarter, I think it's about another $10 million.
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes. Well, Dave, the way to think about it is on a sequential basis it's about $15 million higher, $10 million of that just primarily related to that acetyl coal gasification plant turnaround that Jim mentioned on a year-over-year basis, so I think it's about $10 million.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And just lastly, Jim, if paraxylene prices stay where they are, what's the impact on Specialty Plastics as a structural profitability here?
James P. Rogers: Right. Well, it's not just one part. I mean, you've got the other raw materials as well. So as we look at it, we think paraxylene could be high for as much as 1 or 2 more years then probably falls back in the lightness [ph] as more capacity comes on. So you've already seen some of the pain from having a higher raw than your competitors have. There easily could be more pain on the other hand, most of what you're seeing on Specialty Plastics is, I would say, at least as we think about it in normal seasonal decline, as well as above average destocking. The switching from our products to other products, I think it had to be a pretty big gap in price for that to finally happen because of functionality and how well our products work. They just do a better job. But at one point, at a tipping point, people will flip over. Some of them will if they can. So the higher end applications where we moved a lot of the products due in the past 2 or 3 years were Specialty Plastics. And a big part of the reason why you're seeing such a different level of performance out of them, those I don't worry about. But when you get down to applications that need less functionality, that's where you're exposed. But I would also think that that's not a long-term issue. The other thing I'd say things like Tritan, I think, are going to continue to be very strong.
Operator: We'll move on to P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I wanted to get your view on the propane market. Some of the midstream companies are building capacity to export more propylene from the Gulf Coast, so you could be competing with them with the exports. How do you see that playing out?
James P. Rogers: Yes. I mean, I don't know if anyone's been real good at guessing this. Frankly, I was surprised propane didn't come off more in the summer and it didn't really. On the other hand, maybe it's going to smooth out and and not quite as seasonal as it's been. I don't expect propane to come sharply offer anything like that because I think the trend that you talk about is real. On the other hand, on the propylene side, if we look out and try and make our best estimates, we're probably in, our humble opinion, bottoming here in the fourth quarter, maybe carrying it over into the first quarter and then I think, expectations are propylene will probably start picking up again early next year. But we'll see. I mean, we never would have guessed the second quarter had this kind of spread it did, and we think this is a bit of an overreaction here at year end in the propane-propylene spread.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And the second [indiscernible] you got the $8 million in licenses -- license fees. As your licenses build-out this new plans, how do you see the supply/demand in acetyl playing out?
James P. Rogers: Well, I mean, we look at it little differently than some of the other big acetyl players. We're more of a big and high-drive player, very much big presence in North America, and the asset isn't quite as important to us. So on several levels, I'm not really concerned for Eastman in terms of overcapacity in the asset yields. I think our markets in the niches we play in are very strong. Just in terms of licensing, I look back and I think we said, we probably had the licensing. Well, we've had licensing income in every year but big enough to call out was what, Greg?
Curtis E. Espeland: 4 in the last 7 years.
James P. Rogers: Yes, 4 out of the last 7 years. So I think there is definitely demand that continue selling these licenses, and we're working on things now. But they'll always come in. The longer term, you probably should expect those like every other year.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Nils Wallin from CLSA.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Question on wood pulp cost. I saw that they -- there are some increase in the quarter and typically I thought you bought these on annual contracts. And so given that pulp prices are already coming down in the fourth quarter and could come down double digits next year, how do you think that will affect your overall profitability in Fibers?
James P. Rogers: Well, first, please go and talk to our wood pulp suppliers and tell them that's exactly what we should all expect. Look, it is an annual negotiation. We do, by the way, have a little bit of business under contract that adjust based on raw materials during the year. But overall, the market is still an annual kind of market. I try not to talk too much about spread in the of Fibers business over raw materials, we compete on so many other things in terms of service, and keeping our customers' plants running. So frankly, if raw materials come off, I would expect we would not get as much pricing as we thought. All I can say is year in and year out, Fiber seems to have very good margin, very consistent profitability and I'm proud the fact they've been able to grow for 8 years in a row.
Nils-Bertil Wallin - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: All right. Then on the copolyester. Obviously, you highlighted the -- some shifts there and people shifting out because of the high paraxylene cost. Could you give us a sense of how permanent those shifts are and how quickly they move back and forth, certainly if there's requalifications that are needed. And I would assume this is more of a commodity end of the business because it -- this one used to think copolyester fit in a position between cost and property.
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes, it's a good question and I don't want to pretend like I can analyze every piece of what's moving. I can tell you, you can compete on price at that lower end of the market, not something we're always trying to make sure we're on top of, are we making the right call? Price versus volume. These special applications, the higher-end things where people just really need our product. We think we've been very disciplined and very responsible in our pricing and we haven't seen much shifting or moving there. On the lower commodity end, we will review, again, how we want to handle pricing. Do I think I can get that business back with price? Absolutely, because we have a better product, and the issue is, is it the smart and right thing to do. Longer term, I have every confidence that our copolyester product line has good growth characteristics. And it's funny, we had -- it's almost like we spoiled the market with some strong performance earlier in the year but this third quarter for Specialty Plastics is still a fantastic quarter.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Manav Gupta with Goldman Sachs.
Manav Gupta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I had a few questions. On the Fibers front, how is the demand holding up? I mean, you're seeing inventory destocking in plastics, but are you seeing robust demand in Fibers?
James P. Rogers: Demand in Fibers?
Manav Gupta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes.
James P. Rogers: Yes, I think it has held up. I mean, the business is going stronger. Greg, it looks like he wants to say something. Go ahead, Greg, what is it?
Gregory A. Riddle: No. I mean, acetate tow demand is doing just fine within Fibers. Maybe there'll be some seasonality and destocking as you go into the fourth quarter. If you think about acetate yarn, we have seen some -- a little bit of softness there, and that's probably more indicative of what's happening with textiles generally in the market.
James P. Rogers: And if I could, I mean just on the acetate yarn, So it's not a super big deal for us, but it's probably a good indicator for you in terms of consumers around the world and that has softened up, the demand.
Manav Gupta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And on the second thought, I mean, as propylene prices rose, there were some demand destruction and again, product substitution. Now that they have bottomed out, do you think propylene derivatives will gain back some of the markets they had lost to other plastics and in the process there will be an equilibrium reached where propylene prices move up and help you guys?
James P. Rogers: Yes, absolutely. I mean, guys, there's still a cycle out there for different products and things that are commodities still move back and forth. There's a little bit of friction on the supply side where people don't move their refineries around every month. But when you have these big swings, people overreact. And they overreact not only on the supply side but also on the demand side. So, yes, we see it coming back our way from what we're experiencing here in the fourth quarter.
Manav Gupta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And lastly, one more. Paraxylene prices were primarily higher because of unplanned outages and a whole bunch of outages in Asia and Middle East, which are now subsiding. So do you see that market coming in quickly and paraxylene prices collapsing in near term, or will it take more time?
James P. Rogers: Yes, I wish, but that's not what my guys are telling me. They're saying that they could -- I don't know if they stay quite this high. They are coming down. But collapse I haven't heard anyone said so I would think para will come off -- be coming off by year and. But long term, we probably got 1 year or 2 before you get the additional capacity online, assuming that demand stays the way it is for the polyester fabrics. And we also try and pay attention to cotton. Again, that's a hard one to call. But I would think, Curt or Greg, isn't that what we're saying? We think paras probably going to be coming off by year end?
Curtis E. Espeland: Right, slightly off.
James P. Rogers: Yes.
Manav Gupta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And when can we expect the 2012 guidance, guys?
James P. Rogers: Well, we'll do it more than likely on the next conference call. The one thing I threw out there is -- I've said, jeez, for the 2.5 years or so I've been CEO. We're working on year-over-year earnings growth. And so we're right now thinking about what makes '14 better than '13. What do you put in place? You got to have a long lead time on some of the things we do in terms of building things. So the one thing I take quite a bit of comfort in, I don't know how you all should look at it, but you look at our balance sheet, you look at the cash. Our, debt capacity. I mean, unless we have a severe recession or real downturn, we ought to be able to put cash to work, drive our core businesses, such that we have higher earnings next year than this year
Operator: We'll take our next question from Duffy Fischer with Barclays Capital.
Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Wanted to just go to that Slide 11. So the bars you showed, the earnings impact from the spread. Is that the true economic impact to Eastman, so like when we think about you maybe bringing back online that fourth propane cracker in Texas, these are the kind of numbers that you would look at against the capital cost to get your return?
James P. Rogers: Yes, this is the spread just from making versus buying propylene and ethylene. So that cracker coming back online. If you look at that $70 million in 2010 to $140 million in 2011, maybe $30 million of that improvement is probably new crackers coming back online, just to give you a ballpark.
Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, perfect. And then if we jump into oxo alcohols a little bit, can you talk about what you're seeing in that end market in profitability trends there?
James P. Rogers: It's getting more competitive. You're talking like butanol and 2-EH et cetera?
Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes, 2-EH in particular, yes.
James P. Rogers: Yes, that's getting more competitive. Obviously, we're also a big user of 2-EH because we use that for our plasticizer business and other products. But I guess, I can't give you any more color than that, Greg, have you heard -- I haven't heard the guys overly complain about that. The one thing I'll say is in things like solvents and CASPI and some of the more commodity end products, I do see people getting more competitive out there. I do see him chasing some volume. I don't -- I wouldn't call it lack of discipline, but they're certainly less discipline out there in the marketplace on the lower end commodities stuff, than there has been.
Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then just the last one, where do you sit now kind of with capacity utilization and tow, particularly in the Asia region. Do we have enough capacity to continue to grow the next couple of years or do we need to put some capital in, in the next couple of years?
James P. Rogers: Well, we do have enough capacity to grow and of course, we are putting some capital in. Maybe I'll just turn it over to Curt.
Curtis E. Espeland: Right. I mean, we feel good about our premium [ph] facility that is performing well. We do have some capacity here back in Kingsport still, and then we're doing that joint venture with our customer CNTC, China National Tobacco Corporation, that will be online in 2013. We are reporting capital work to grow.
Duffy Fischer - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. But we're not constrained at least until the CNTC stuff comes on?
James P. Rogers: No, we're not.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: In your release, you said that the PCI business was hurt by an olefin cracking unit outage by about $8 million, and CASPI by an olefin packing outage by about $3 million. So how does that work? Are there particular crackers assigned to the particular units or is it ratably by feedstock?
James P. Rogers: Yes, Jeff. It's the same cracker and it's the issue we had in the second quarter, and it's just the fact that CASPI -- it does not just affect PCI because CASPI sells derivatives from propylene as well, obviously. And so we're just giving you kind of the ratio and it's allocated by pounds used.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So the ratio looks like one is of 3 11 and the other is 8 11. So it looks like 75% of the cracker output goes to PCI and 25% to CASPI. Is that the conclusion that one should draw?
Curtis E. Espeland: No, I think that's probably little -- it really depends on the derivative pull at that time. I think in the past, what we've talked about is more of a 60-40 kind of sharing of that.
James P. Rogers: Or 2/3, 1/3 and it can bounce around.
Curtis E. Espeland: It can bounce around.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, the propylene inventories these days are really high. It's like do you think that, that can really be worked down over a 3 or a 6-month period, or do you think it will take longer than that?
James P. Rogers: Yes. I don't know. I agree with you that they are quite high. I know that there was destocking. In fact just on the sense of destocking. if I think about it, the time I've seen the most destocking was the end of '08. This is probably the second highest that I've heard people talk about destocking at least since I've been here in '99. So I think there's been -- now this is just me, but I think there's been considerable destocking across a number of lines. And certainly with people expecting lower propylene, if it was in your tank, you use that first before you went out and bought it. So yes, there's ton of inventory out there. I don't know how long it'll take to eat through, but just in terms of the flip on the spread, we're thinking probably as you're coming out of the first quarter, you're starting to head north again.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: You have a fairly sizable turnaround of your coal gasification unit at Kingsport. Can you talk a little bit about the expected financial impact of it, duration of the outage and how the impact would be spread among your segments?
James P. Rogers: The outage of the coal gasification is roughly 3 weeks. In fact, they're almost coming out of it as we speak so -- we're doing very well against the planned turnaround. The financial impact is roughly what we described, it's that $10 million, and it's spread across all of our businesses and asset yield. So it's not going to be predominantly in one particular business.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Then, Jim, you talked about the $154 million of bolt-on acquisitions that you've done year-to-date. I guess, in recent weeks, Eastman has been connected with a more sizable potential deal by the European press. Curt, I thought you made a comment that the M&A market had slowed down some. So I'm trying to read these tea leaves and kind of ascertain what your appetite might be -- appetite or lack thereof for more significant acquisitions in this climate?
James P. Rogers: We're not going to comment on anything specific. But let me say this, I mean, we do have a strong balance sheet, we have a nice cash position, I think, in general valuations have come off despite yesterday or things move back up fairly substantially. What I want people to hear is this, we've been prudent, you can see we've been, I would say even conservative, cautious whatever words you want to use. But if we see the right transaction, we're ready to pull the trigger and do it. My confidence is up that we know how to integrate an acquisition, we know how to get one done. I can tell you if we do one, number one, you're going to see it as a smart financial transaction. So you, our shareholders will see it as a smart financial transaction. By that, I mean, you'll understand the returns above our cost of capital and you'll be able to see the accretion to our earnings. You'll also see a tie-in to our businesses. There should be synergy if we're going to do something certainly anything bigger than some of the smaller things we've done. There should be some good synergy, it should have a play to sustainability or to emerging markets. So we've got a checklist of things that we think would makes sense. The reason we're still sitting on a lot of cash is we're not just going to jump at anything. So it has to be the kind of transaction where the world will look at it and say, "Ah, I understand why Eastman is the highest and best owner of that asset."
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And final question, if I may. Curt, can you give as a preliminary notion of how large the pension expense headwind might be for Eastman in 2012?
Curtis E. Espeland: As you know, Kevin, that's kind of hard to nail down right now because there's moving parts between now and the end of the year. And it all depends if the last business day of the year is a risk-on or risk-off trade on higher returns. But it is a headwind. The headwind we faced coming in to 2011 is around $10 million. I'd say it's going to be sitting here today I know it's going to be a little over that.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo Securities.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: For what it's worth, there's a certain Michigan-based company that is very bullish on the outlook for oxo, so hopefully that spreads to Tennessee as well. Jim, I was -- I wanted to try and size the raw material impact year-over-year for you guys. It looks like pricing helped you buy about $240 million. What was the impact -- negative impact of raw materials?
James P. Rogers: Let me just give you some round numbers if I can, Frank. So raw materials and energy were probably over $200 million. Selling price and exchange was a little more than what you said. But then -- and so my spread over raws and energy year-over-year was still positive, as well as -- I had some positive from volume. But distribution costs were up, so it depends on where you want to put that. But distribution costs were up, and my other charges were up from like the outage of the cracker, how we took the hit there. So overall, we did a good job on pricing in terms of the movement in raws, energy and distribution rate, and we picked up just a tad on volumes.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And I appreciate the Slide 11. And I'm just curious with the pricing coming off on the propylene side, at what point do you think your derivative prices will be reflecting that? How should we think about that?
James P. Rogers: Well, you've already seen some in this quarter. We already -- in some places, you already started to move down. You always try and be sticky, you're trying to be stickier moving down than moving up. But it's that trade off, Frank, I'd almost have to go product line by product line in terms of your product attributes when you get to derivatives versus others, and what you got to do to be competitive on price. Just looking back on how the quarter closed, I'd say, we obviously traded a little volume to hold on to margins. But, we always have the ability to switch that the other way, if we need to.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes, I guess, the difficult thing is you are heading into a weak volume quarter. So the stickiness is not going to benefit you as much as perhaps it would in another quarter.
James P. Rogers: Yes, that's correct. And Frank, that's why we put in the guidance that we did. That's our expectation that it is going to be a lower volume because not only you got the seasonal, but I think you still got more inventory destocking to go not just for us but across the industry.
Frank J. Mitsch - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: All right, great. And I guess, along those lines, you did mention that the visibility has declined in some of your businesses. Care to be a bit more specific?
James P. Rogers: Now, let me...
Curtis E. Espeland: I'd characterize it. Frank, we're -- in some of those businesses, we used to say 3 to 8 week, it's probably more towards 3.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Paul Leming with Ticonderoga Securities.
Paul Leming - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division: I was on and off the call, so if you talked about this during your comments and I missed it, I apologize. Could you discuss what you think capital spending is going to be for 2012? And as you're looking at all the variability in the world today, do you think the risks to that CapEx number are more to the upside or the downside?
Curtis E. Espeland: When you look at our capital expenditures, we're formulating those plans right now. We tend to give that as part of our overall guidance at the next call because you have to come in line with what's the economic environment you're anticipating, what your free cash flow goals and how those tie into it. But what we'll be doing is we'll develop our plans with a mild growth environment. We'll be also looking at what Jim talked about our -- all purpose of growing earnings in '13, growing earnings in '14. So we'll make -- bring all those factors together and make an assessment where our capital plans will be. And then we'll also have a case if we have a tough economic environment then we can adjust that capital back down. But we're looking at a capital that's still looking at how we grow our earnings '12, '13, '14 and beyond. But we'll give you more specifics in the next call.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Thomas McGannon with Whetstone Capital.
Thomas McGannon : Could you maybe offer a comment, I don't know what comment needs to be made, but perhaps just a comment on the joint venture between Mitsubishi Rayon and Daiso and the acetate tow business. Is that going to impact your competitive market at all?
James P. Rogers: Well, not that I've heard about. I mean, when I think about who we compete with and our group of customers -- it's a small group on both ends, so we have some long established relationships. You can see that, for example, with CNTC that we're doing a joint venture there where we're going to have 45% equity interest. And I've been around this industry now for about 12 years, so I'm not a lifer in it like many people. But I like the seat at the table that Eastman has. I like the relationship we have with the multinationals, I like the relationship we have with China National Tobacco specifically and I like where our assets are that we have a producing asset in Europe, we're producing asset in Asia and then, of course, we have the big asset in Kingsport. So I'm not really too worried about competitor moves when it comes to the Fibers business.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Lee Bressler with Cobalt Capital Management.
Lee Bressler: I wanted to ask you 2 questions, really. And one, what environment would you see growth next year? What sort of demand environment would you need to see in order for there to be growth in your business next year?
Curtis E. Espeland: I think we just have talk to -- in the core business, I think it just have to be non-recessionary. In other words, I need positive GDP. Recession, I think, is tough. But I also think that one of the advantages I have is the balance sheet I have. So if I was out there as a single B right now, I'd be pretty much stuck with whatever I had today. But it's a nice BBB. I feel like I got some flexibility to continue to drive earnings through acquisitions, share buybacks, et cetera.
Lee Bressler: Do you think that would be an environment in which propylene prices would come back up or it would they stay flat to current levels?
Curtis E. Espeland: Well, I think right now, the reason -- one of the reasons we think propylene prices have to come back up on the chemical side is because it's even cheaper than just putting it into the gasoline pool. So that does seem like there's an imbalance there that's just not going to last. So obviously, the stronger the demand, the faster you work through some of those inventories that one of the other callers was talking about. I never want to predict that I can call a turn or a high or low in a marketplace. But you can kind of see when things overshoot like they did in the second quarter of this year, and that's what fourth quarter, first quarter of -- fourth quarter of this year, first quarter feels like on the flip side.
Lee Bressler: And my other question is, based on the current propylene price deck, do you expect that you would see growth in your numbers in 2012?
James P. Rogers: That is part of the reason for showing you the chart is that when I look at the change in earnings from '10 to '11. The propylene spread, the increased there only explains about 1/4 of the increase. If you figure just adding a cracker was another piece of the increase, and then another half of that, $70 million or so, I'm sorry, of the increase from $8.91 to what we think we are going to do this year. Another half of that is just completely outside of the spread. It's a growth in our other businesses, plus I think about the capacity we're bringing online in some of the places where we believe we need it. So yes, I don't think we're going to get hung up just on that spread. I think we can grow our business around it.
Operator: That will conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Greg Riddle for any additional or closing remarks.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay, thanks, again, for joining us, everyone. A web replay of this conference call, a replay and downloadable MP3 format and the accompanying slides for the conference call will be available on our website at 11 a.m. this morning. So thanks again. Have a great day.
Operator: Again, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This will conclude today's conference call.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-29 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Unknown Speaker -  Curtis Espeland - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Gregory Riddle - Director of Investor Relations James Rogers - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Manav Gupta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets Edlain Rodriguez - Gleacher & Company, Inc. Kevin McCarthy Duffy Fischer - ClearBridge Advisors P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on Eastman's website, www.eastman.com. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory Riddle: Okay. Thank you, Tricia, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today are Jim Rogers, Chairman and CEO; and Curt Espeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'll cover 3 items. First, during this call, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations for third quarter and full year 2011. Actual results could differ materially from our plans and expectations. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's second quarter 2011 financial results news release on our website and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for first quarter 2011 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for second quarter 2011.  Second, except when otherwise indicated, all financial measures referenced in the call, and in the slides accompanying the call, will be non-GAAP financial measures, including earnings per share and operating earnings that exclude restructuring related charges. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures, including a description of the restructuring-related items are available in our second quarter 2011 financial results news release and the tables accompanying the news release.  Lastly, we posted the slides that accompany our remarks for this morning's call on our website at www.investors.eastman.com, and you'll find those in the Presentations & Events section. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James Rogers: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. If I sound a little funny, I just have a little cold. I'll tell you what, I want to start out, first, by saying that even though we're only 5.5 hours from Washington, D.C., we want to assure all our friends and family that we're still healthy. We're fine. We're not in any personal danger. The plume of radioactive ridiculousness is not blowing our way. The tsunami of surrealism has not seemed to have breached the levy, called the Beltway, at this time. And we only have one plan here. I've yet to -- I've never failed in getting the votes I need to implement that plan of growth.  Now I can't vouch for the levy on the New York side of D.C., because as we announced, record earnings, not only for the company, as a whole, and for each of the businesses, as we raised our guidance for the year, as we put a foundation in place for double-digit earnings growth year-over-year. I see we're indicated lower, while United States government, which is indicating bankruptcy and failure to meet its obligations, people are piling into their short-term notes. So I can't vouch for the levy in the north side. And since all that was unscripted, and my lawyers are probably screaming in their feet. I'll stop there and pick it up on Page 3. Beginning with a review of our performance against some of our recent outlook statements. Our second quarter guidance was that our EPS would be slightly above first quarter EPS of $2.52, and we delivered on that. Guidance for full year 2011 was that we would report EPS slightly above $9. We're off to a great start with 2 consecutive record EPS quarters. In the second half, we expect to continue to deliver year-over-year earnings growth. And as a result, we are raising our outlook by $0.25. As expected, our very strong earnings performance is translating into cash flow. We're on track to generate approximately $200 million of free cash flow this year. And I hope you'll agree, we've been disciplined on how we allocate our cash. We put cash to work this quarter in a number of areas. And we'll talk about that throughout our remarks this morning. Bottom line is that we've had a fantastic first half of the year. We're on track for a great full year 2011. And I remain confident that we are well positioned to deliver earnings growth in 2012 and beyond. Moving next to Slide 4, and our corporate results for the second quarter. Second quarter EPS was a record. And this is the second consecutive quarter that we've set an EPS record. In fact, we've set a quarterly EPS record for 3 of the last 4 quarters. In addition, this is the eighth quarter in a row of year-over-year earnings growth, and we expect to continue this performance in the second half of this year. Sales revenue in the quarter was also a record, driven by higher selling prices and strong volume growth. Prices increased in response to higher raw material and energy costs and also because of tight industry supply. Volume increased throughout the company and in most regions.  This level of earnings reflects the contributions of 10,000 employees around the world, the improvements we've made in our portfolio of businesses and products, and it reflects the benefits of our geographic and end-market diversity. Many of you have heard me say we know who we are, and we like who we are. With these results, you see why I am comfortable saying that. Moving next to the segment, starting with CASPI on Slide 5. CASPI had another outstanding quarter with record revenue and operating earnings. Year-over-year revenue increased due to the higher prices and higher volume. The prices were due to higher raw material and energy costs and also attributed to strong demand and a high capacity-utilization rate in the industry. Volume increased primarily in the U.S. in the packaging, transportation and durable goods markets.  Sequentially, revenue was up 5%, primarily due to higher selling prices in response to higher raw material and energy costs. Volume was flat as seasonally higher volume was offset by some softening in the Asia-Pacific region, which began in June and has continued into July. But I want to stress that we are seeing signs that these areas are now stabilizing.  Operating earnings increased to a record $99 million, and the operating margin was a solid 20%. Earnings increased over a strong second quarter 2010 due to the higher selling prices and higher sales volume. CASPI also benefits primarily in our solvents product lines from cracking propane to produce propylene at low cost. Sequentially, operating earnings increased slightly, primarily due to higher prices. So looking at the full year, we continue to expect that CASPI will have operating earnings above $350 million, which indicates we expect a strong second half of the year, higher than the second half of 2010. One other item of note in the quarter for CASPI. Earlier this month, we acquired Dynaloy, a small electronic chemicals business that manufactures formulated solvents, with a particular focus on semiconductors. Dynaloy brings a strong market connect and material science capability that are complementary to our own. And they will be a great enabler to growing our CASPI electronics and materials product lines.  Fibers is next on Slide 6. And they once again delivered a great quarter with record earnings and revenue. Revenue was up 21%, due primarily to higher acetate tow sales volume as the Korea facility is now running at capacity. Pricing was up 5%, as the full impact of the annual price increase for acetate tow is reflected in the quarter. For the year, Fibers remains on track for operating earnings of approximately $340 million, which would be the eighth consecutive year of operating earnings growth.  Next up is PCI on Slide 7. And you probably recognize the theme at this point. PCI had record operating earnings in line with our first quarter. Year-over-year sales revenue increased due to higher selling prices and higher sales volume. Selling prices increased in response to higher raw material and energy costs and also because of tight industry supply. Volume was up due to growth in plasticizers, customer buying patterns for acetyl chemicals and the restart of a previously idled cracker.  Sequentially, sales revenue was up 5% due to higher selling prices in response to higher raw material and energy costs. Operating earnings increased year-over-year due to higher prices and volume, plus the benefit of cracking propane to produce propylene at low cost.  Sequentially, operating earnings were flat, as it benefit North America from the improved olefins cracking spread and customer buying patterns for acetyl chemicals was offset by softening in Asia-Pac for our oxo chemicals and other olefin derivatives. In Asia, we saw the softening begin in June and into July. And as with CASPI, we've recently seen signs that it is stabilizing. For the year, even with additional costs related to planned and unplanned shutdowns that I'll talk more about in a minute, we continue to expect PCI to have operating earnings above $300 million.  Specialty Plastics is on Slide 8, and they are on pace for a new level of earnings in 2011. Second quarter sales revenue and operating earnings were both records. Revenue increased due to higher selling prices, which more than offset higher raw material and energy costs. Operating earnings increased primarily in Asia-Pacific and in Europe due to the higher selling prices. Earnings were higher than we expected in the quarter, primarily because of results of our growth initiatives, and Asia-Pacific were above expectations, and because paraxylene costs didn't go up as much in the quarter as we expected.  Looking at the full year, Specialty Plastics assets are currently running at high utilization rate. And as you know, we have a number of capacity additions coming online in 2012 that we will grow into. In 2011, we are focusing on valuing up our mix of products, and I've talked about this before, not just for Specialty Plastics, but also for PCI and for CASPI.  Valuing up the mix helps Specialty Plastics in the first half of the year, and we expect it to continue in the second half as well. With the outperformance in the first half of the year and an expected strong second half of the year, we are increasing our outlook for Specialty Plastics to approaching $120 million of earnings compared with our previous guidance of approaching $100 million.  That brings me to our regional performance on Slide 9. And you can see from the chart how our geographic diversity is a source of strength for us. Our highest revenue growth in the quarter was in Europe, due primarily to both higher volume and price. The higher volume was particularly for plasticizers and PCI. North America had the next highest revenue growth due to higher prices and volume. And PCI had the highest volume growth in North America, in part due to the cracker restart.  Asia-Pacific revenue increased 23%, primarily due to higher prices, higher volumes and a favorable mix shift in fibers, basically more tow. For the last several quarters, we've said that although sales revenue was split about 50% in North America and 50% outside of North America, operating earnings were split closer to 40% in North America and 60% outside. In this quarter, it was closer to a 50-50 earnings split due to the benefit of the increased cracker spread in North America. On Slide 10 is our outlook for third quarter and full year 2011. In the first half of the year, we grew earnings year-over-year by over 50%. We expect continued year-over-year earnings growth in both third and fourth quarters and for the second half as a whole. We also expect a normal seasonal decline in our sales volume in the second half and for raw material and energy costs to remain volatile.  In addition, we will have costs related to planned and unplanned shutdowns in the second half of the year that we expect to be approximately $25 million higher than they were in the first half. These are costs for an issue we are currently having with one of our Texas olefin cracking units, and that problem then impacts the shutdown we have planned for the largest of our 3 crackers. We, also, are bringing down our Kingsport coal gasification facility in the second half of the year for a planned shutdown. And we have shutdowns in Specialty Plastics in order to bring their new capacity expansions online --  Even with these higher costs, we expect third quarter EPS to be slightly higher than last year's third quarter EPS of $2.22. And I want to remind you that third quarter last year included $0.19 per share related to the partial settlement of an insurance claim related to a power outage at our Longview, Texas, facility. For the full year, we had previously said we expect that EPS to be slightly higher than $9, and we're increasing that to slightly higher than $9.25 for the year.  And now for the minute, I call the CEO spotlight, and I typically highlight an Eastman executive, just to remind people that we have a deep bench here at Eastman. This time though, I thought I'd do something different and provide some info on Eastman's operators, some of the most experienced, dedicated professional chemical workers in the world.  So just some fun facts here. Our average operator is 46 years old, has education beyond high school level, has nearly 20 years experience, with the longest tenure having over 47 years at Eastman. Their job is highly respected in their community and highly sought after. As an example, in an opening in Kingsport that we posted on May 2 of this year, received 908 applications in 24 hours. And I can remind you, Kingsport is not a huge town. Roughly 15% of our operations are female, and our folks tend to retire in the same community as they worked. Because of this, it's not unusual to have more than one employee from the same family, including across generations. In fact, I personally know 2 people, Senior Team Manager, Lori Garrett; and Government Relations Director, Charley Poe, who are fourth generation employees. And after this segment, I'm sure I'll hear about others. So the Eastman operator's an important reason for our success, and I just wanted to give them some air time.  And with that I'll turn it over to Curt. Curt?
Curtis Espeland: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. And I know it's been a long earnings season for many of you. So let me just focus on a few slides this morning.  I'll start on Slide 12. And you'll see here the financial highlights for the quarter. You can see that the record earnings we are delivering are translating into strong cash flows. Cash from operations of $207 million included a $55 million estimated cash tax payment for the gain on the sale of PET business, which we're completed in the first quarter. For the year, we expect total tax payments for the gain on the PET business sale will total approximately $110 million.  Our tax rate at the second quarter of 2011 did benefit roughly $0.07 per share from the recognition of additional state tax credits we expect due to the increased level of capital spend at our Kingsport site. For the remainder of the year, we expect our effective tax rate will be approximately 33%.  Working capital was up slightly for the quarter, consistent with our expectations, and we continue to expect it will be a source of cash in the second half of the year. Our free cash flow for the quarter, which excludes the cash tax payment related to the sale of the PET business, was $120 million. I continue to expect our free cash flow for the year will be approximately $200 million, meaning that we expect to generate over $350 million of free cash flow in the second half of the year.  At the end of the quarter, we had $834 million in cash and short-term time deposits, and our net debt-to-capital ratio at the end of the quarter was at a conservative 29% level, particularly relative to our credit rating. Next on Slide 13 is how we're putting our cash to work. We continue to take a balanced, disciplined approach that is creating value for stockholders. In build, we spent $109 million in capital expenditures in the quarter. We continue to expect capital expenditures for the year to be over $450 million. We are on track with the 5 major capacity additions that I spoke about the last call. These are, in turn, a component of our earnings growth expectations in 2012 and 2013. Over in joint ventures and acquisitions, we've been busy. I'll speak more about the Sterling acquisition in a minute. And as Jim mentioned earlier, we closed on Dynaloy earlier this month. And while they are small, they will be a great addition for us, as we continue to grow our electronic materials business in CASPI. We have a number of other projects in our pipeline, and I expect there'll be more activity in the second half of the year. Next, in equity, our share repurchases totaled $103 million in the quarter. And we're at $177 million in the first half of the year. We have $239 million remaining on our existing board authorization. And we are well on our way to more than offset dilution for the year. I'll also add that we continue to pay a healthy dividend. And that while a quarterly dividend is a board decision, it is reasonable for investors to expect the dividends increase, as our earnings increase.  Lastly on debt, we are in good shape. You may recall we restructured some of our debt in the fourth quarter of 2010 at very attractive interest rates. We have $150 million of public debt coming due in 2012 and nothing materially to deal with until 2015.  An example of what we're doing in the joint ventures and acquisitions is the Sterling acquisition, summarized here on Slide 14 that we announced about a month ago. You'll recall that in May 2010, we completed the acquisition of Genovique Specialties, a leading producer of non-phthalate plasticizers. With that acquisition and our own Eastman 168 non-phthalate plasticizer, we became the largest manufacturer of non-phthalate plasticizers in the world. Our acquisition of Sterling will further support our strategy. Sterling has plasticizers assets that will convert to Eastman 168 non-phthalate plasticizers. We expect the facility will be fully converted in second -- in 2012 and ready to meet demand growth in 2013.  Sterling also has an acetic acid business, which has a long-term contract with relatively stable revenue and earnings. The purchase price is approximately $100 million in cash, and we expect the transaction will close in the third quarter. Excluding costs and charges related to the acquisition, we expect the transaction will be slightly accretive to 2011 earnings per share.  In 2012, we expect it to be accretive above our cost of capital. And what I mean by that is that we expect earnings by the acquired businesses to be above the cost, if we had gone to the capital markets to fund the transaction rather than using our cash, which in the current environment is earning very low interest rate.  We expect the acquisition to be accretive well above the cost of capital as the plasticizers assets start materially contributing in 2013 as expected. Given the demand growth in non-phthalate plasticizers, our leading position in the non-phthalate plasticizer market and a steady revenue earnings streams from the ascetic acid business this acquisition makes a lot of sense for Eastman, as we are logical, highest and best owner of the business.  As I close, let me also reiterate a comment Jim made earlier. With the strength of our portfolio of businesses, the earnings of potential various growth initiatives underway and the expected benefits of disciplined capital allocation, I am also confident we are well positioned to deliver earnings growth in 2012 and beyond. With that, I'll turn it back over to Greg.
Gregory Riddle: Okay. Thanks, Curt. And this concludes our prepared remarks. Tricia, we are ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America.
Kevin McCarthy: Jim, over time, the profitability in your PCI segment has tracked fairly well with the spread between the cost of propane and propylene linked selling prices there. That spread improved in the second quarter, and yet your profit trended flat sequentially. I was just wondering if you could elaborate on that. Was it attributable to the softness that you mentioned in Asia in the back of the quarter? Or were there other factors at work there? And what would your outlook be, entering 3Q?
James Rogers: PCI did have another great quarter even though it didn't get all the bump you would have expected from the spread. And give me a chance to make one comment. I think, probably, those outside the company underestimate just how much work we've done in developing our downstream products and our derivatives. And these are more stable, they don't bounce around the same. I tried to talk about how you don't capture the spread every day when you're dealing with derivatives. So it's not like we're just pushing propylene out the door. So that's part of it. I expect a more stable business, where you give up some of the upside and the spread widens, but you don't move down 100% when the spread tightens either. Asia was a part of it. We, actually, had our Singapore site down for a few days, planned but still down, in Asia. We talked about the softening in the oxos and butanol 2-EH NPG. That was more in June. I said it's stabilizing here in July. Frankly, you never know if it was just inventories that the customers are moving around or if there was really in demand. We really just don't have that kind visibility. I can just tell you it's not continuing to decline. And we did have an unplanned outage with one of our crackers in Texas. And that nipped us a little bit in the second quarter as well, and that happened in June. Just for a little bit update on that, we're obviously checking that several times a day. We have brought it back up. It's running about 85%. This was a vibration issue, by the way. So it's one of those things, where it takes a little more time, you want to do it safely. But it's back up to 85%, which is a good thing, because at that level, we can go ahead and do the turnaround we wanted to on our cracker 4. And we'll be doing that one shortly here in a week or 2. And when that -- when cracker 4 comes back up at a turnaround, it'll have more capacity. And it's been running at probably about 85% as well. So a little hiccup there on the crackers that nipped us a little bit in the second quarter. We're going to feel that again in the third quarter like we talked about, and a little will dribble into the fourth quarter even potentially. But overall, I mean, I can't -- I don't have a lot to complain about. That business has just been going great guns. And just a final word on that, when you try and tie it to the spread, PCI's performance, some of that's just plain coincidence. I mean, there's a lot to PCI, when you talk about their plasticizer business, good margins, good growth. You think about their acetyl business, et cetera. So as I look at PCI, even though it's the most cyclical part of Eastman, we're trying to continually take that out and move more product downstream. So I'm sorry, it's a long answer to your question, but I want to get all that color and about the cracker.
Kevin McCarthy: That's helpful, Jim. I appreciate it. And the cracker you're referring to is the HCC-3 cracker that started up earlier this week?
James Rogers: Yes.
Kevin McCarthy: Is that correct? Okay. Great. And then just to follow up on plasticizers, you mentioned you'll be converting some of the Sterling capacity. At what point in 2012 can you get that up and running? And maybe you could size it -- size the increment for us relative to your existing base?
James Rogers: So let me -- let Curt help me out here, so I can save my voice. Go ahead, Curt.
Curtis Espeland: Well, if you look at the Sterling acquisition, there's a few components of the startup of the plasticizer that we still have to work out. And we've got to close the transaction first before we can work out those final details. So right now, I'd just say, it is going to be sometime in 2012. From the sizing of that asset, I mean, 2 components. One, it does have an ascetic acid business. I'd call that roughly $100 million of revenue. And I think when the PGS that comes up in the sum and it could add over a couple of hundred million dollars in revenue.
James Rogers: So -- but let me add this too. Because we haven't closed on the deal yet, so we can talk more when we actually own it, but I'm glad we found this one. I mean Eastman, in my mind, is clearly highest and best owner of this business. We can pay very good price to their current shareholders. And yet, because we have kind of a particular way of using the assets that they were not running, I think we can create quite a bit of value for the Eastman shareholders as well.
Operator: We'll take our next question from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc: Jim, you talked about the slowdown in China, can you tell us what particular end markets or what products slowed down for you?
James Rogers: Yes. Let me hop in there. So I mentioned the oxos just a minute ago. They were all -- so I'd say the solvents in CASPI were probably the other area. By the way, don't let me portray this like Asia had a bad month in June. It actually, overall, had a very good month. A bright spot, for example, would be Specialty Plastics, which have taken this opportunity to really upgrade their mix in Asia. So I mean, they got volume pretty much around the globe, but in Asia, they were also able to get price and really value up from the products they were selling. And that's just what you would expect to do in a tight market. But the places where things were slowing down was really solvents and then on the oxo side. And like I say, we've see that stabilize in July, which may lead you to think, maybe it was just, forgive me, inventory maneuvering. But I can't say that for sure, because it could have had some final demand influencing that as well.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc: Okay. And then a couple of years ago, you tried to build a coal gasification in the U.S. I was wondering if you can take expertise to China, given that some of your competitors are already there or getting there in coal gasification?
James Rogers: Yes. I think that would be -- as you look down the road for Eastman, I think that would be a higher probability scenario, certainly, than trying to come back to the States. I mean, China does have huge coal supplies. More than likely, there's a kind of coal that would work well, or the way we do gasification. You have to always solve the water issues. Requires a lot of water, and that's something that's a bit of a constraint. But yes, I would expect that, that is the kind of gasification project we should do would be a place more like China. But you know us, we're not just going to make some big announcement and jump into something. We're going to think everything through, because there's advantage raw materials in other parts of the world as well?
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc: And just lastly, I think you answered this partially, about the seasonality. Both CASPI and PCI earnings were flat. Shouldn't you see some improvement in 2Q over 1Q?
James Rogers: Yes. Well, as you might imagine, we talked about that internally as well. I mean, again, a couple of things go through my mind. We had a really strong first quarter. I know that there were price increases, April 1, that probably pulled some Q2 sales into March. At least we know that now. March was incredibly strong. So typically, you're right. I would have looked for a little more. But again, we had debt softness in Asia, we had a strong first quarter, fantastic results still in all the businesses. I mean, when guys are setting a record, it's hard to beat them up. So I'm not concerned by that at all. I can see the business model for each of these 4 businesses is intact. I have high degree of confidence in our ability to perform the way we are predicting.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Duffy Fischer with Barclays Capital.
Duffy Fischer - ClearBridge Advisors: Just a follow-on, the dip you saw in a couple of businesses in June and July, then you said you're starting to see some signs of uptick. Can you kind of walk through what are those? What are the guys telling you out in the field that gives you some confidence that things are coming back in Asia?
James Rogers: Well, it's -- again, it was only in a couple of areas. When we say stabilizing, we're just saying it's not declining. In other words, the orders are coming back in. I'm not -- the reason I used the word stabilizing is because it's not back to the level it was before we saw the downtick, but it's not continuing down. So that's really all I mean. And I hope people don't read too much into this. I know everyone's looking for indications of how China's doing across broad markets. I'll just tell you that our China -- our earnings in China in June were very strong. But we had these 2 areas we wanted to point out. Because I know everyone's looking for the canary in the coal mine when it comes to China. So that's really all it was. So I don't want you to read too much into it. We just want to share with you that oxo market was loose, and it seems to be stabilizing. And the solvents market which, of course, would affect coatings. It was also weaker demand and -- but we've seen that stabilize.
Duffy Fischer - ClearBridge Advisors: Okay. And then in PCI, you talked a little bit -- the volume there was up 10 percentage points more than kind of the other segments. And you talked a little bit about the olefins cracker coming back, but you also had one that was down for a while. Can you dig a little bit deeper into why the volume was so strong in PCI in the quarter?
James Rogers: Let me ask Curt to comment on that.
Curtis Espeland: Well, when you think about the volumes for PCI, if there's a cracker issue, it doesn't mean we don't sell the same volume. We just end up having to buy some of our raw materials rather than making the raw materials.
Gregory Riddle: I'd just add one thing. You've got Genovique. You have a full quarter of Genovique in the second quarter of 2011. You only had it partially in second quarter 2010.
James Rogers: And we didn't have the cracker running at all in the second quarter of 2010. We brought that up end of the year.
Duffy Fischer - ClearBridge Advisors: And then just the last one. On the Sterling acquisition, will you get access to the technology that Sterling was running so you can kind of mix that with your own acetic acid technology and maybe make both better?
James Rogers: No, we should be clear on that. The technology that runs there is owned by BP. We will simply be tolling that asset for them. I mean, I'll just make a joke, and that's part of the reason BP is comfortable with us running those assets, because they trust us. They know that we'll respect that wall.
Operator: We will take our neck next question from Edlain Rodriguez with Gleacher & Company.
Edlain Rodriguez - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Quick question. I mean, in terms of the improvements you saw in CASPI and PCI, can you talk about what the benefits of the spread. I mean, can you qualify that -- I mean, quantify that?
Curtis Espeland: Well if you look at -- if you're talking, specifically, second quarter -- and I'd say second quarter over first quarter, we saw roughly a $15 million benefit from the improvement of spreads and that could split roughly 60-40, 50-50 depending on propylene or ethylene. But that's how you split it between PCI and CASPI. As Jim mentioned, in PCI that benefit was offset by some other factors, driving sales and offset -- CASPI have some offset as well.
James Rogers: Just to jump in on that, I mean -- and to speak about spreads more broadly. It gives me a chance to brag on, once again, the business. I mean, when we started the second quarter, we were guessing that we would have maybe $35 million to $40 million increase in raw material costs across the whole company. Remember, first quarter over fourth, we had $75 million increase in raw material costs. We had close to $100 million increase in raw material costs second quarter over first quarter, and yet, we still managed to hold on to our spread through all that.
Edlain Rodriguez - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Another quick question on propylene. I mean, propylene prices have been coming down. Does that mean you're going to have to give up some of the pricing that you had obtained in the first half of the year?
James Rogers: It's really market by market, but if I'm going stay true to my words, there's several places where we're really not pricing off that propylene. As its derivatives get further downstream, you refer to it less and less. But obviously, the same way we can move price when the raws go up, we may have to move price when it goes down. I continue to reemphasize that what we focus on is spread.
Duffy Fischer - ClearBridge Advisors: Okay. And one last question. On that $25 million of costs for unplanned outages, what's the split there between the segments? Is it going to be all in PCI and CASPI? What's the split there, the impact?
James Rogers: To be clear, the $25 million we specifically called out was additional shutdown costs from the planned and unplanned second half versus first half. But having said that, you're not far off on the cost of the unplanned, when you pick up a little bit in the second quarter and what came in the second half. I'll let Curt give you as best we can.
Curtis Espeland: I mean, it gets across to various businesses. I mean, as you know, a chemical company like Eastman does have planned shutdowns. If I look at first half of the year, we had probably less than $20 million of costs associated with shutdowns. That would have been the Singapore plant Jim talked about, et cetera. If we look at the second half of the year, we knew there'd be some planned shutdown costs greater than what we saw in the first half, just because we have shutdowns in the fourth quarter tied with our capacity works, and the like. And that's -- an example's Ireland.
James Rogers: But the unplanned typically gets split between PCI getting the biggest piece of that cost. Because what you're doing is you're buying propylene instead of making it, and CASPI would be next. And Specialty Plastics even picks with $0.01 or $0.02 of that. So it would mainly be felt in PCI, but CASPI, what also get a pretty good share.
Edlain Rodriguez - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Of the unplanned?
James Rogers: Yes, of the unplanned.
Operator: We'll go next to Dave Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG: Jim, very strong earnings in Specialty Plastics, but why are they down in the second half of the year versus first half?
James Rogers: They've always had a bit of seasonality, I think. I can go back and check the numbers. Part of that, too, is when you have just such a strong first half. As I look at it, I understand some of the things that are going on. And, again, it is harder for you to see. So we know we're going to be shutting down some of our assets to tie in these capacity expansions. I know in many of the markets they're pretty much sold out, and so it's all a matter of improving mix and we did a lot of that in the first half. But third quarter's not going to be off by much from second quarter. And then the fourth quarter for this company, everything seems to always come off some, which is just what we've learned to deal with. And Specialty Plastic's no exception.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG: And Jim, any update on the plans for the fourth cracker down in Texas?
James Rogers: Yes. I'm glad you asked -- I mean, because I know I mentioned that last time. You might think, what in the devil were you guys doing? So there's a couple of smaller things we can do. What we did -- let me back up. We did put a team in place to look at this. While it's not huge for Eastman, it's still -- it's a nice goodie we have, that we have these crackers down in Texas. And so we put a team in place to look at how we optimize that. You know that -- I think, we got out ahead of the crowd in restarting the cracker when we did, since it was online even last year. There's a couple of smaller things that we can do. Smaller projects, smaller meaning that it may add $10 million to $20 million in earnings. 30% plus kind of returns. Those are the kind of things we're going to get started on right away, and they'll start to kick in towards the end of next year, I guess, you would say. We'll see how we do, probably towards the end of next year. On the bigger issues about just restarting the one cracker that's down. Our view of the markets and such is that it's going to make sense for us to do something of size, let me put it that way. And whenever I say of size, meaning I got to go to my board to get them to approve it. Starting the cracker would be of size. But there's more than one option on what that bigger thing would do. So we're doing some of that preliminary work to pick which of the bigger things we'd like to do. And, of course, I will throw the caveat out there. It depends also what else you're doing with your cash in terms of what you go ahead with. But my instinct says, yes, we're going to do the small ones, they'll be good for us. And they'll probably something bigger we'll do as well. And we'll try and update you on that before year end.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG: And Jim, just lastly, on the M&A pipeline, can you give us any update, either color or such?
James Rogers: Yes. And Curt may want to chime in, although we usually work pretty well behind on this. We continue to think we can put money to work. I mean, you heard much cash Curt said he had. And all these - I'd like to remind people, all these earnings forecasts and stuff we do, there's always upside, in terms of how else we can push this cash to work. So I'd say the pipeline is looking pretty good to me in terms of having options. We can actually start to choose between what we go after, as compared to maybe 1.5 year, 2 years ago. It was hard to find something that someone wanted to shake loose. You see the size of ones we've done. We could do bigger than the $100 million, $150 million, but the truth is, the sweet spot in the pipeline for where you get the most ideas and can drive the value you want is probably those small to midsized bolt-ons that fit with one of our businesses. But I always say, I reserve all my rights. If we were to do something bigger, it would have to be exceptionally good, and it would have to be kind of a no-brainer for the Street. But the odds are that what we're getting done are the small- to medium-sized bolt-ons. And so we've got Sterling that we're trying to get closed. And I would expect we'll have more announcements before year end.
Operator: We will take our next question from Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Manav Gupta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: This is Manav. Just a quick question, you are still net buyers of propylene right?
James Rogers: Yes.
Manav Gupta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So if the propane/propylene spread actually comes down, because the propylene prices are declining? Do you actually tend to benefit from it? Or is it just the other way around?
James Rogers: It's usually the other way around. And it has to do with the more dominant impact of the pricing on the products, driven by the higher propylene versus the amount that we actually buy.
Manav Gupta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And how much are you actually buying right now?
Curtis Espeland: It's about 2/3 and 1/3. So I don't have the number for you.
James Rogers: We make 2/3, and we buy 1/3. We had stayed a little bit because we've had some cracker issues. So we've been buying a little more propylene than we'd like to have to buy lately. But we're typically in the 60%, 70% -- in the 70% make and 30% to 33% buy.
Manav Gupta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And the next cracker, which you're for taking down for planned outage, what's going to be the duration for that one?
James Rogers: It's a typical turnaround. And those are usually 10 days to 2 weeks if you do it well. And I would expect we'll do it well.
Manav Gupta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And on the pricing side of the acetyl stream, what kind of prices are you looking at? Are they holding up pretty well, or that's slightly coming down at this point?
James Rogers: Well, again, I'm not sure how familiar you are with us. But we're -- when you think acetyls, if you're thinking acid, that's not really all that important to us. So we're more of the anhydride and derivative kind of player. And those prices had been good. Obviously, I mean, if you'd -- well, I just said how much cost went up quarter-over-quarter, $100 million. And we held out our spread across the company. So I'd say the pricing we've been able to get is in line with what was in the roster.
Operator: We'll go next to Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co: In -- how are you doing, in general, in offsetting your higher raw materials with higher prices in Fibers? Are you making progress in that area?
James Rogers: Well judging by the results, I'd say, we're doing okay. I mean, they just had a record quarter. So I know, Jeff, you know how we do it, that it's an annual pricing -- typically annual pricing. But the pulp is set -- is also set annually. So if you read in the month-to-month gyrations and viscous pulp, which isn't ours -- in the pulp market our pricing and our costs are pretty much locked in. The one thing that can move around a little bit is coal, because we do start with coal. But if you look at what percent of our cost, that is small. So overall, I'd say, yes. We did okay when it came to covering our cost supplies.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Well, that's what I thought, in that you earned a little bit more than $170 million in the first half, and you expect to earn about $340 million for the year. I would think you would earn more than that, given that you seem to be pricing pretty well versus raw materials and your volume's growing, no?
James Rogers: Well, obviously, we told you what we think. We think we're going to do about $340. I mean, I guess, we're looking at -- what we can see that you can't see is volume by quarter, where it comes out of. I can tell you, for example, when we run Korea full-- Korea, as good as it is, is a little higher cost than, say, Kingsport would be. So the mix can move around, too, a little bit that you can't see so well. But overall, we feel good about the business, Jeff. I mean, we're selling all the total we can make. And I think those are pretty good results reported.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Are you worried about propane and propylene spreads in the third quarter?
James Rogers: Not really. Maybe I should be, given that all the conversation people are having around us. But I mean, again I, look at PCI, they got a nice acetyl stream. They have a great Plasticizer business. We are -- whatever the spreads, even if they come in some and remember that was our indication, that was our expectation, second half, they would come in some. We factored that into when we gave our guidance. So obviously, if it does a lot more. I mean, we'll feel it. But again, I don't think you should see us move around quite the same as someone who is just stopping at that point in the value chain and selling out the propylene or ethylene.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So what you said in your guidance, if I understand that is that you'd earned about a little bit more than do $222 million in third quarter. And you earned $276 million in the second quarter. And I think, Curt said you had a $0.07 tax credit. So that's about -- your earnings should drop about $0.47 sequentially, which is about $50 million pretax. So where's $50 million drop? Like if you had sort of allocated around the segments. What are the big differences?
James Rogers: I'm going to let Curt help you. But I would say, first half to second half to come off is not unusual. Remember that we're going to eat most of the pain on the unplanned shutdown in this quarter, so -- but Curt, I don't know what color you want to give.
Curtis Espeland: Jeff, I mean, if I had to predict the waterfall, and we'll see how the third quarter plains out. But again, one of the factors is just some of the unplanned maintenance cost associated with shutdowns Jim mentioned. In addition, as we talk about -- we expect the propylene/propane spreads to come back in relative to the peaks of the second quarter. So those were 2 key factors and then some of the seasonal volume decline as Jim mentioned.
James Rogers: So you would see PCI and CASPI probably come off the most. I'm guessing, you'd see Fibers and Specialty Plastics, just was come off a little bit.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then lastly, is there any positive price momentum that you've got from the second to the third quarter? Because I mean, it looks -- judging from your CASPI results, maybe you didn't get as much. You didn't move prices up as quickly as you might have, and maybe some of that momentum will flip over to third quarter. Is there something to that?
James Rogers: I'm not looking at it that way. I mean, we'll see what the guys can do. But I think they actually did a good job of price versus the raws. So it's not like, I think they're lagging on the raw materials, when they have 20% margin or so, I believe. And that's -- I think they're pretty much there. The place where there's probably the most pricing power is -- one of the tightest markets is in the adhesives or the resins part of CASPI, extremely tight right now, and not necessarily any relief coming anytime soon in terms of capacity, other than we're expanding on Middleburg site.
Operator: We will take our next question from Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo Securities.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Jim, regarding your introduction, I still believe you should use your bully pulpit to start a Jeff Ferguson for Senate movement and help troubleshoot the situation here now.
James Rogers: He would've shot somebody by now, so that's probably a good idea he's not in these days.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: On CASPI, you talked -- actually, I think you were talking about your prices being up nicely, and driven in large part to high capacity utilization. And so I was wondering where you stood in the quarter on your capacity utilization for that segment and where you are were relative to the industry. And any color you can give on the third quarter to date would be great.
James Rogers: CASPI is a running a fairly high utilization, again, the resins piece, for example, is way up there. I mean, basically, if we can make it work, we can sell it. So we're trying to make all we can. Let me use your question, Frank, to talk about utilization across the whole company. I mean, this is one of the things that most people don't understand. They think, "Well, gee, aren't you running out of capacity?" I went back and looked at the numbers, and first quarter, we ran around 90%. We run a little higher this quarter, but what's interesting is even though we had 9% more volume year-over-year, our utilization was a point less than it was a year ago. So between adding the cracker, the capacity creep we get, the acquisition we did, we find some way to get fairly high single-digit volume growth, and yet we didn't have to use up capacity utilization. Let's put it that way. So the parts of the company that are running hard right now are acetyls, which of course, affects a lot of CASPI. The olefins is down, you might say artificially down, because of the unplanned shutdown we had. So olefins would be 10 points lower utilization rates, say, than acetyls. But overall, company running at pretty good utilization rate. But as I said last time, there's more capacity in most of our markets.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Great. And Curt, I believe, when you we're discussing the uses of cash, you said that the goal is to offset dilution and perhaps the opportunistic. And obviously, the last couple of quarters, I mean, back to the fourth quarter -- certainly the first quarter and this past quarter, the rate of share buyback had been well in excess, I would hope of offsetting dilution. Do you anticipate that level of spend to continue here in the back half of the year?
Curtis Espeland: Well we have reduced share count as you have pointed out. I think if you just look through 6 months, our actual share count's down 700,000 shares. You don't see it quite yet in the fully diluted share count, because of some of the timing and when the purchases occurred versus some of the options exercised. If I look about the repurchase level that we're going to have, I know you're probably tired of this phrase, but we're going to continue to do it at a measured pace and continue to more than offset the dilution, as we ramp up the year.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: All right. So I'll take that as a yes.
James Rogers: He always uses all his rights to do what he wants to do with his cash based upon the opportunities he sees.
Operator: Well take our next question from John Rosenwald [ph] with Rosenwald Enterprises [ph].
Unknown Speaker: I'm a shareholder, and I see a bit of $93.75 in the pre-market and $97 ask. It might be a good time to accelerate some of those share repurchases and take advantage of what seems to be a bargain basement price on the shares in relation to the results.
James Rogers: Well I appreciate the advice. I appreciate you being a shareholder. I try not to think day-to-day, but I haven't had a chance to go look and see what's happening in the market.
Unknown Speaker: I mean it just seems to be ridiculous. We had a $103 stock yesterday, and it should be at $108.
James Rogers: Well, you would have thought record earnings -- let me use your comment. And I appreciate what you're saying. And as a CEO, it always falls on deaf ears, if I complain about my evaluation. But I love the quality of earnings we just turned out. For some crazy reason, people would have been happier, if it come in this material spread as compared to coming across all 4 our businesses driven by the value proposition of our products in the marketplace. So I think we have high quality of earnings. I think sometimes it just takes the market a while to realize what they've got.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over to today's speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Gregory Riddle: Okay. Thanks, again, everyone, for joining us this morning. A web replay, a replay in a downloadable MP3 format and the accompanying slides for this conference call will available on our website from 11 a.m. this morning. Thanks, again. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation. Again, this will conclude today's conference call.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-29 08:00:00) =====
Executives: James Rogers - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Curtis Espeland - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Gregory Riddle - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG Manav Gupta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Andrew Cash - UBS Investment Bank Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets Edlain Rodriguez - Gleacher & Company, Inc. Kevin McCarthy P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Co. First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman's website, www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Co., Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory Riddle: Okay, thank you, Alan, and good morning, everyone. And thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Jim Rogers, Chairman and CEO; and Curt Espeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations for second quarter and full year 2011. Actual results could differ materially from our plans and expectations. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's first quarter 2011 financial results news release on our website and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-K filed for full year 2010 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for first quarter 2011. Also, we posted slides that accompany our remarks for this morning's call on our website at www.investors.eastman.com in the Presentations & Events section. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James Rogers: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. We really appreciate you joining us this morning. We know you had a choice. You could have watched talking heads talk about the royal wedding for a little bit longer, but thanks for joining us here in the real world.  And I'll start on Page 3, and as I normally do, I'll begin with a review of our recent outlook statements. It's fair to say that since we last talked a few months back, business conditions have improved markedly. Our guidance for first quarter EPS was that we would approach $2 a share, and I'll talk more about why we exceeded that in a few minutes. Our guidance for full year 2011 EPS was that we would approach $8 per share, and given the strong start to the year and with our first quarter results, we now expect to be slightly higher than $9 for the year. Given the strong net earnings, we are on track to exceed $100 million of free cash flow for the year, and Curt will speak to that in his section. And we remain committed to being disciplined in how we put cash to work and see it as a way to differentiate ourselves from the rest of the industry. Moving next to Slide 4, in our corporate results. We are hitting on all cylinders right now, and as a result, we continue to demonstrate a new level of earnings performance. This is the seventh consecutive quarter of year-over-year earnings growth, both operating earnings and EPS, and the sustained earnings growth reflects the strength of our current portfolio of businesses which, as you know, we have substantially improved over the last several years through both divestitures and acquisitions. It also reflects continued volume growth, and this was really throughout the company and in all regions of the globe. We were also able to increase prices, both due to higher raw material and energy costs, and due to tight end markets. There are probably two main reasons we exceeded our expectations in the first quarter. First, propylene prices increased more than we thought they would and therefore, we benefited more from the propane propylene spread than we thought, and to be fair, propylene probably went higher than most in the market thought it would. Second, we underestimated just how tight the end-use markets are for many of our key products, and that therefore, even minor outages in the market have a significant impact on pricing, and we expect this tightness to continue unless demand drops off. I'd also add we were a little bit cautious in our expectations for continued economic growth. These results in a great quarter that demonstrates what 10,000 people working together can accomplish, including near flawless operational excellence in the quarter and gives us a lot of momentum heading into rest of the year. Turning next to the segments, starting with Fibers on Slide 5. And in a pattern that will never get boring, for me at least, Fibers once again reliably delivered strong earnings in the first quarter. Revenue was up 8%, with volume up due to the new capacity in Korea filling up. Pricing was up slightly, but we expect you will see more of the annual price increase for acetate tow show up in the second quarter results.  Operating earnings were up both year-over-year and sequentially, but the operating margin was down slightly year-over-year because a higher percentage of our tow volume came from England and South Korea, and although these sites have a good cost position, they aren't quite as attractive as our Kingsport facility, which is fully integrated in larger scale. Looking forward, we continue to expect Fibers to have operating earnings of approximately $340 million for the year. Up next on Slide 6 is CASPI and to say they had a very strong quarter is quite an understatement. Sales revenue was up 25% on higher pricing and higher volume. Pricing was up in response to higher raw material and energy costs and also due to strong demand, particularly in the U.S. and high capacity utilization in the industries where they compete. Volume was up throughout the segment, but particularly in the U.S. in the transportation, industrial and packaging end markets. CASPI is also benefiting from a more advantageous propane to propylene spread, and I'll talk more about that when I get to PCI. As a result, operating earnings increased significantly year-over-year. Their operating margin in the first quarter was 21% compared with about 17% in the first quarter of 2010. The higher earnings are due to the higher selling prices, higher volume, and the improved propane to propylene spread which, combined, more than offset higher raw material and energy costs. We see the first quarter as a start of what we expect will be a very strong year, where CASPI once again establishes a new level of earnings. We expect that full year 2011 operating earnings will be over $350 million. Moving next to PCI on Slide 7. They also had a terrific quarter, beginning with a 44% increase in sales revenue. The increase was due to higher volume and increased pricing. The higher volume was the result of the restart of a previously idled cracker and continued growth in plasticizers, both the result of the Genovique acquisition, which closed on May 1 last year, and overall growth in plasticizers.  Selling prices increased, reflecting higher raw material and energy costs and tight end-use market. And as I mentioned, we are benefiting from a more advantageous propane to propylene spread. Comparing quarters, propylene prices were up about 30% sequentially, and over 15% year-over-year, and with the cracker restart in December, we are now producing a good 2/3 of our propylene needs, up from about 50% before the cracker restart. We are therefore more leveraged to a favorable spread. And because propylene prices continue to move higher, the spread is wider than we expected. Given our strong first quarter earnings and our expectations for the remainder of the year, we expect PCI to have a full year 2011 operating earnings above $300 million. I'll wrap up the segments on Slide 8 with Specialty Plastics who continue to deliver on their commitments with another strong quarter. Volume growth year-over-year was a solid 9%, and this builds on top of a 50% volume growth in first quarter 2010 over first quarter '09.  They had all parts of their business contributing: core copolyesters, Tritan Copolyster and cellulose ester. And the capacity expansions we are working on for all 3 product lines are on track. The CHDM monomer expansion of our core polyesters is expected to come online in two phases. First phase is the second half of this year, second in 2012. Second Tritan resin facility is expected online in the first part of 2012, and the cellulose triacetate expansion for the LCD market is expected online also in early 2012. Their pricing was up year-over-year, reflecting very high paraxylene prices. Paraxylene was up over 40% year-over-year and almost 30% sequentially. Driving this increase is new polyester capacity in Asia, as well as high cotton prices, which are further increasing demand for polyester. There have also been some capacity outages and turnarounds with some of that capacity starting to come back online here in the second quarter. And as a result, we see paraxylene prices moderating but remaining high due to the strong demand for the polyester in Asia. Operating earnings were up substantially year-over-year due to the higher volume and increased capacity utilization and increased selling prices, which partially offset the higher raw material and energy costs.  Looking forward, because of the way costs flow through our system, some of the higher-priced paraxylene costs will be flowing through the second quarter, which will pressure margins and earnings. But for the year, Specialty Plastics are on track to approach $100 million of operating earnings. Turning next to our geographic profile. We continue to derive advantage from our global diversity. You can see on this chart, revenue increased by double digits on all regions. This was supported by strong volume growth, led by the U.S. and Europe, and this volume growth is coming not only from the rebound in the global economy but from our growth initiatives.  In the U.S., these include Tritan Copolyster and our plasticizers business, including the Genovique acquisition and the cracker restart.  In Europe, the growth initiatives include our Regalite adhesives expansions and growth in our plasticizers business. And as a reminder, Genovique's main manufacturing facility is in Estonia. And in Asia Pacific, we filled out our acetate tow capacity expansion in Korea, and our Tritan Copolyster is delivering strong growth. For the quarter, our sales revenue was roughly 50% in the U.S., so therefore, 50% outside, and our operating earnings were about 60% outside the U.S. That brings me to our outlook for the second quarter and for our full year 2011 on Slide 10. Clearly, we are off to a great start in 2011 with our first quarter earnings. We are benefiting from a strengthening global economy. We are also benefiting from the restart of the cracker in the fourth quarter, the Genovique acquisition and the acetate tow capacity expansion in Korea. Our interest expense is also lower due to the debt restructuring actions we took in the fourth quarter. Headwinds include higher pension expense for the year and costs related to the capacity expansions we're working on, more of which will be recognized in the second half of this year. Volatility of raw material and energy costs is also a headwind, particularly the potential for the spread between propane to propylene prices to narrow in the second half of the year. And there is a risk that global inflation could lead to demand destruction. But if that were to occur, given the portfolio of businesses that we have, I think we're better positioned than many to limit the impact.  Combining all of these factors, our outlook for the second quarter is that earnings per share will be slightly better than the first quarter, and we expect full-year 2011 earnings per share to be slightly higher than $9. So we are maybe a year ahead of the guidance we gave you at our Investors Day, and I'll remind you that this is before we put our cash to work, and I'm confident we will create value for our stockholders in 2011 by putting our cash to work. I'd next want to go to the executive spotlight, and I got to tell you, that's my favorite part of the call. I have been doing this since I became CEO, and I do it to remind everyone that there is a team of highly-talented executives leading this company, emphasis on the word "team." It turns out that I had mentioned every exec except for one, and knowing her sense of humor, she would say I had left the best for last. Theresa Lee is our Chief Legal Officer, and she is simply the best at the job that I've ever seen. Whether it's litigation, intellectual property rights, SEC compliance, you name it, her department's track record is outstanding. Of course she has some help from lawyers who have and still could work for big firms and big cities, but they chose Eastman instead. Dave Golden, Dave Woodmansee, Bernie Graves, Joe Davis and Etta Clark, they cover all the basis from corporate to HSE to government affairs and usually play error-free ball. In addition to the legal function, Theresa recently became our Chief Administrative Officer, with responsibility for human resource department, which I've highlighted before. And one last tidbit, she's on the state's judicial nominating committee, which means she has a hand in the selection of our judges in Tennessee. Now, just how cool is that? I can also confirm to everyone that I have seen Theresa's birth certificate. And with that, I'll turn it over to Curt Espeland.
Curtis Espeland: All right. Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. I'm going to focus this morning on how these strong earnings performances are translating to strong cash generation, and then how we're going to put the cash to work in ways that generate value for stockholders. Starting with our financial highlights on Slide 12. In the first quarter, we used $146 million of cash in our operating activities. There were two primary factors contributing to these results. First, during the quarter, we made a $100 million pension contribution. You might recall, we had originally targeted the fourth quarter of 2010 to make this contribution, but we moved it to the first quarter to coincide with the timing of the PET divestiture, principally for tax reasons. Secondly, we built $270 million of working capital because of the very strong revenue growth, and building working capital in the first quarter is a normal seasonal pattern. Given our expectations for continued revenue growth and higher raw material cost, I would expect a good portion of this working capital build will stay with us pretty much through the rest of the year. This working capital is well within our normal cash conversion cycle metrics as required to support growth, but I will still expect to generate over $800 million of operating cash flows in 2011.  These factors contributed to negative free cash flow in the quarter, which, again, is a normal seasonal pattern for us. But given the strong net earnings and operating cash flows we expect to deliver, we are on track to generate approximately $200 million of free cash flow for the year. This includes capital expenditures of roughly $450 million, which I'll talk about more in a minute, and that's also again after payment of our dividend.  As a reminder, when I project both our operating cash flows and our free cash flows for the year, I am excluding approximately $100 million of cash tax payments related to the sale of PET business that will be made during the remainder of this year. One other item I'll note is that we did put $200 million of our cash and short-term time deposits during the quarter, none of which have durations beyond 10 months. We did this in order to increase our yield on cash and is slightly accretive for our 2011 interest expense, while still maintaining the liquidity and flexibility with this investment. Given our discussion today, I thought I would update you on our funding capacity, as shown on Slide 13. With the PET transaction now completed and the process included in our financial statements, you can see that we have the equivalent of $840 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term time deposits on our balance sheet.  We expect to generate approximately $475 million of free cash flow for the remainder of the year, which excludes the cash tax payment related to PET transactions, which I've actually listed separately here. And we generally maintain a strategic cash reserve of approximately $200 million for seasonality and operating cash flows and other needs.  Given the strong earnings outlook, we think we have debt capacity between $500 million to $1 billion. Ultimately that debt capacity does depend on various factors such as our future earnings growth and our cash flows, how we put that cash to work, et cetera. But putting it altogether, we have funding capacity between $1.5 billion and $2 billion. And quite honestly, sitting here today, we're probably towards the high end of that range. We recognize in order to grow the company and to provide attractive returns to stockholders, it is important to deploy much of this funding capacity over the next year or so. So let me recap how we intend to put this funding capacity to work on Slide 14.  You've seen this before in different fashions. There's nothing too complicated about our strategy here. There continues to be a focus on pursuing the best opportunities amongst these four areas.  On joint ventures and acquisitions, we continue to make progress on various opportunities in our pipeline, and I continue to expect that we'll complete a couple of these small- to medium-sized deals sometime this year. And on debt, we'll continue to be opportunistic in the marketplace as appropriate. I'm going to go into more detail on building and returning cash to stockholders within the next couple of slides, but just to reiterate, the main focus we're having is putting capital work and generating a strong return on investment for our stockholders. And as Jim mentioned earlier, we see this as an area where we can differentiate ourselves with excellent execution. As previously mentioned, our capital expenditures will be approximately $450 million for the year, maybe a little bit more depending on how the year plays out. Included in this expectation are several organic growth projects here on Slide 15.  The 17% volume growth we've had year-over-year in the first quarter is indicative of the strong volume growth we're seeing due to the strength of demand coming out of the recession and growing demand for our products. And the capacity expansions you see on this slide, which we have spoken to about previously, are our response to continued growth. These capacity expansions are across the company and our markets where strong demand is driving the need for additional capacity. Each of these expansions is on track, proceeding as planned and are still expected to have returns of 15% to 20% or even better. Moving to Slide 16. We feel we have a very good track record of returning cash to stockholders. We have paid a dividend every quarter as a public company and increased the annual dividend by $0.12 a share in the fourth quarter of last year. It is reasonable for investors to expect the dividend to increase as our earnings increase as we see the value of a steadily increasing dividend. But I would remind you that, that dividend is ultimately a board decision. On share repurchases, we've repurchased $74 million in the first quarter and are on track to at least offset dilution in 2011. We had $341 million remaining in authorizations at the end of the quarter, and we expect to continue to repurchase shares at a measured pace over the coming year or so. In summary, the strong earnings are translating to cash generation, and we are on track to create value for stockholders by being disciplined in allocating capital. So thanks for your time and your interest in Eastman Chemical Co., and with that, I'll turn it back over to Greg.
Gregory Riddle: Okay. Thanks, Curt. And this concludes our prepared remarks. Alan, we are ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin McCarthy: Jim, at the top of your remarks, you mentioned that business conditions improved markedly, and you referenced a more favorable C3 spread as well as some markets that were perhaps tighter than you would have anticipated. Can you elaborate on the latter? Which markets have tightened up the most across your portfolio, creating the most positive variances here?
James Rogers: Yes, and thanks for the compliment, by the way. I got to be careful when I start to pin down certain markets in terms of how tight they are. So -- but let me speak broadly. And in particular, within CASPI and PCI is where you would see most of that. And a lot of it has to do with demand, but I think the main driver is the fact that supply is tight. And I think it has to do -- if I just try and think it through, I think it has a lot to do with just how bad the downturn was a couple of years ago, how people put off a lot of their plans. Just now, you're seeing capacity announcements et cetera, and you know what it's like in our industry. It's going to take a while for that stuff to come on stream. So I look within CASPI, solvents, the Resins market, the adhesives part has been quite tight. PCI, many of their markets, and the olefins oxo world are quite tight. I can't think of any market that you would consider to be loose. And so I think this is probably a trend that the whole industry is going to see going for quite sometime.
Kevin McCarthy: Okay, and then a second question if I may. Curt referenced the funding capacity of $1.5 billion to $2 billion, and I thought I heard a comment that you'd be looking to put that to work over the next year or so, so fairly large number there and not a terribly long time frame. Can you comment on what you're seeing perhaps in the private market in terms of attractive or unattractive acquisition opportunities? Subject to repurchases, offsetting dilution doesn't sound like a heroic ambition there.
James Rogers: Yes, we don't want you to draw the wrong conclusion. I mean, if we see the right opportunities, we're more than willing to put the cash to work. But there wasn't an implication there that no matter what, we're going to put over $1 billion to work in the next few months. That's not what we're saying at all. And in fact, you can judge by our track record just how disciplined we are. I do think our pipeline has improved for acquisitions. Curt and I have talked about it, and we think we're likely to get 2 or 3 deals done this year, more than likely on the small-ish to medium-size, so probably just a few hundred million in total. Doesn't mean we wouldn't look at something bigger. It's just we're trying to be realistic in order to see the values we like. And to get the kind of deal we like, we're just going to have to continue to be very disciplined. On the rest, stock buyback, whatever, the dividend, again, it's been a consistent story where we really think how you put your cash to work is one of the key things that creates value for shareholders, and so we're trying to look across all our options and pick off the best ones in each bucket.
Operator: Our next question comes from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc: Jim, what was the impact of the new cracker starting up in the quarter, or maybe for the year? Can you sort of quantify that for us?
James Rogers: Yes, I'm going to let Curt try and do the numbers, but one thing I want to give credit to our guys on that one. I mean, I've been reading a lot lately about people talking about adding capacity. You think about it, we made the decision probably a year ago now, that this would be a good thing to do. And so we got it online the end of last year, and I think maybe we're a little ahead on that, and that's one of the reasons we're benefiting now. But it's definitely material. The other thing I'll remind you is we actually had a cracker down first quarter last year. So the comparison's perhaps a little more dramatic than you might think. I want -- Curt, I do not know what more you want to add.
Curtis Espeland: Yes, I mean, again, if you look at just the cracking spreads in the first quarter on a year-over-year basis, probably the best way to look at it, if you look at PCI, PCI's year-over-year improvement is roughly $53 million dollars. About 1/3 of that improvement probably relates to that propylene propane spread, that cracking spread that we're benefiting today. The rest is improved volumes, strength of the derivatives, et cetera, the things Jim talked about. At a corporate level, PCI's probably -- gets about 60% of the benefits. So if you do the math, CASPI gets the rest. So you put roughly a $30 million benefit year-over-year on that cracking spread.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc: Great. That's very helpful. And Jim, you haven't talked about coal recently, but is there a coal to natural gas spread that maybe the acetyl change benefit from, or is that not material?
James Rogers: I can't think of a time we have not been advantaged by being on coal, P.J. So it will move around. I would not call it an extraordinary spread now given the gas finds, et cetera, in the States. Still, we still think we're quite advantaged. A little stuff that we don't often get to talk about, one of the projects we've had over the past year and half is in our gasification plan to diversify what kinds of coal we can use and where the coal comes from, which can keep us from having to pay near-met coal prices for that type coal to -- we can use stuff that looks a lot more like steam coal. And we made great progress on that. And that's one of the things we'll benefit from long-term, that, that coal cost can look more like steam coal than near-met coal. And so I think that's an advantage that's going to stick to our roots.
Operator: Our next question comes from Frank Mitsch with BB&T Capital Markets.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: PCI, obviously a very strong year. You raised your guidance for the year from $260 million plus to $300 million plus, and Curt just explained that maybe $18 million or so was coming in the first quarter, this benefit of the propane to propylene spread that you guys didn't factor in initially. That looks like it's obviously sustainable, it's not going to expand here in the second quarter. So that pretty much accounts for all of that movement there in terms of your guidance. Does that suggest that there's room for more upside on the PCI business?
James Rogers: What it suggests is we think that, that propane propylene spread may come in a little in the second half of the year, and that would be our expectation just looking at the historic charts and seeing how it's moving around. If it stays where it is today in April, then I would guess we would do better than what we said.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: All right. So it's nothing more than looking at historics in the second half of the year, but in terms of plant additions et cetera, is there anything there that concerns you about the second half on that spread?
James Rogers: No, not so much that near-term. I mean, long term, you know there'll be more adds. What we see going forward, though, the adds on propylene will probably be on purpose adds, probably have a little different cost position. It gives you pause to make a decision when you got to do something on purpose versus it's just a byproduct. But it's just a matter of forecasting, and I'm surprised, Frank, you didn't bust our chops on forecasting again.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: I save that for off-line.
James Rogers: I was ready for you, so I'll use my line anyway. I was going to say that we're going to stick to what we're good at, and others can beat us on the forecasting, we'll just stick to the actual results.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: You've indicated in the past that you had a concern about your capacity limitations possibly. Where do you stand on that? How is operating -- can you generally speak to the operating rates in the first quarter and your expectations for second half et cetera?
James Rogers: Yes, I mean operating rates are high, obviously. By the way, they're not as high as they've ever been. I mean we still got more room on our existing assets, so. But you'd be at that bottom 90-kind-of-percent range this past quarter, and we got room to operate a little higher than that. The key thing for us when I look out a little bit and I kind of think '12 over '11 -- because we started working on that sometime ago, one of the main drivers for improvement there is going to be the capacity adds that we talked about in our comments, those coming online and kicking in for 2012. But we got more juice in our existing plants. A couple of places where we're awfully tight, the resins and core adhesives, and a couple of other places. But we got a little more juice in our core assets.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: All right. Terrific. Then lastly, the region with the slowest year-over-year growth was Asia, and obviously it had a terrific first quarter a year ago. So a very difficult comp, but is there anything that you're seeing geographically with respect to Asia that gives you some concern in terms of growth projections there?
James Rogers: No, not at all. I mean, I asked the same question, Frank, when I -- when it all rolled up. What's going on? And it's really more a factor of just how well the other regions did, and in particular with PCI, you start up a cracker, so North America is going to have an outstanding quarter. You have an acquisition in Genovique that drives Europe and North America. So it's more like we just got the typical expected kind of growth in Asia, and the other regions had some special stuff going on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JP Morgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co: When I look at your income statement, I see that your tax rate is 32% or 33%. And if you compare your rate to Dow's rate, I think Dow is at 21%. And I think more than half of your revenues now come from the offshore areas. So is there anything you can do about it? I mean, do you have some plans in place to make your taxation rate more efficient.
Curtis Espeland: Yes, Jeff, this is Curt. Where you look at the difference maybe from just purely the revenues, also where your asset base is located.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Yes, that's right. You're U.S.
Curtis Espeland: Yes, so predominantly, our assets, 80%, 85% of our assets are still in the U.S., maybe a different profile for the other company you mentioned. And so a lot of that does affect your tax rate. How we start impacting that longer-term is more of how we deploy our new capital. That gives us opportunity to look at tax jurisdictions that are maybe a little lower than us. Though currently -- so a lot of it's how we put our capital to work. And then we'll watch the tax regulation. I mean, if there's some changes in the U.S. tax rate, we'll probably position to benefit from that.
James Rogers: And Jeff, let me tag on that, and forgive me for using your airtime to do this, but the tax rate was one of the things I want to mention when I look longer-term. I mean, I see that as upside. I can't imagine getting much more worse than 33%. And as we go to drive our strategy, that's one of the things I want us to consider more is how do we bring that down. Because it's not lost on me that some of the other guys in the industry have noticeably lower taxes. And I think about what's going on in Congress right now, again that's upside. Now that I'm sitting here today, I'd rather have a tax rate above the kind of range they're talking about than below if I think something could really happen there. So I don't know what the odds are, but there's probably upside. And if I -- and that was just going to be one of the macro trends I wanted to mention because as I look at longer-term stuff, we -- I think the propane propylene spread is going to be at elevated levels for quite some time when we look at how fast people can bring capacity on, so that's a positive. It may not stay as high as it is today, but it's going to be up there. I think oil being up generally advantages Eastman overall, unless it kills end market demand for everybody. But overall, buying coal and propane, ethane is a positive compared to the guys who are starting with a different base. We'll take advantage of emerging markets and sustainability, maybe equal to or a little better than most. But a declining dollar, that trend, that probably advantages Eastman. Higher inflation, we've been eating inflation from the guys up-pipe of us. And so the more inflation that comes downpipe -- maybe not long-term good for the country and the world, but it may help on the pricing getting passed along, higher interest rates had also helped on the pension pressure that everyone's feeling across industry. I think the regulatory threats that I used to worry much more about have cooled down some with a split Congress. So I look at some longer-term trends -- I'm fine being a major shareholder, at least personally, Eastman being a major shareholder in my portfolio.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co: What's the timing of you bringing up your other 300 million-pound cracker that's been idled for a while?
James Rogers: Well, that's something -- it's not a no-brainer that we bring it up. Let me say it that way. I mean, the one we did bring up was a pretty quick decision. I think we've already been paid back for the money we spent to bring it up. So that was probably an easier decision than we thought it was. This next one is not so easy. It wasn't just we idled it. We actually shut it down. You kind of run until you would've done a major turnaround then you don't do it then you rob it for parts. And so what goes into the math on that one, Jeff, is how long would it take you to get it back up, how much money would you spend and how long do you think the spreads are there? And what else can you do? And there's a number of alternatives versus just bringing it back up and continuing to crack like you do in the other 3. So we're going through all of that now. Would I like to have already made a decision on how we can approach that? Yes, but the guys are being cautious and they're trying to understand what all the options are versus just crank it back up the way it used to be cranked up.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And then lastly, you talked about your interest in making acquisitions. I mean, if you look at Eastman, Eastman is tremendously advantaged because of its ethane and propane positions. When you buy new businesses, is your thrust to buy businesses that have intrinsic raw material advantages or to buy businesses that are more differentiated? And when you look at your acquisition selection, are they on one side, or are they on the other? I know you'd probably want to buy both, but given the market that you've got today, which one can you actually buy?
James Rogers: Yes, it's funny. It's -- I mean we do look for both. We look for some kind of sustainable competitive advantage as you might imagine. I think about Genovique, and I hadn't really thought about it as a raw material play, but not bad with benzoic acid and plasticizer marketplace in general if you think about that spread you just talked about and then go into 2-EH and then go into our plasticizers. There is an advantage. So if I could build off of that, I would. Most of the opportunities so far seem to be in the PCI area, some popping up in CASPI. We've already done the kind of inorganic stuff in Fibers with the announcement of Korea and China. It may also depend some size, Jeff, now that I think about it. So to get that raw material advantage maybe bigger things. Some of the smaller things we're looking at usually already fit in to one of our streams, and you just take advantage of what you've got.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Manav Gupta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: This is Manav in for Robert today. Just on the raw material costs escalation, what could -- how much higher could your raw material costs be in 2011 versus 2010 on current run rate of raw material prices?
James Rogers: Well, I'm going to have Curt try and ballpark that for you, and I'll just take this moment to say that I'm pleased with how the business guys in our supply chain et cetera have been able to handle some virtually dramatic moves in raw materials and still deliver the results they got. So just to give you an idea, paraxylene, I gave you kind of quarter-over-quarter moves, but April to April, year-over-year looks like 60% to 70% move in paraxylene and yet Specialty Plastics delivered the results they did. Curt, I don't know how much you what to quantify raws.
Curtis Espeland: Well, I can just tell you on a year-over-year basis, raws were up $90 million, on a sequential basis, $75 million. Just looking in the second quarter, that sequential improvement -- or sequential raws are probably only half of what we saw first quarter over fourth. Second half of the year, you got the same forward curves we have. So that's kind of where our raw material view is right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG: Jim, just on Specialty Plastics, you mentioned the pressure from paraxylene. Will that business -- it will be down sequentially, obviously. Will that business be down year-over-year as well from an earnings standpoint?
James Rogers: Well, what we're saying is approaching $100 million. And again, some of the stuff that's harder for you to see, we mention the paraxylene, but we offset some more capacity coming on in that business as we've talked about. And what we've seen is your income statement takes a hit of a few million dollars, as you're bringing that stuff up, just the expenses of having to shut something down, to tie it in et cetera, as well as going from capitalized interest to whatever. I mean, Curt knows all this stuff on how it works. But I'm planning on them eating a little bit of expense for starting up capacity in the second half that they won't have had in the first half. So the main thing I know of when I look into the second quarter is just the flow-through of paraxylene, that the way that cost flows through our system, we'll feel more of that in the second quarter than we did in the first.
Curtis Espeland: And David, what I may add is for the things Jim mentioned is $100 million -- to approach $100 million is actually an improvement over last year. And again, that's a function of maybe eating some paraxylene costs but on top of it, getting that volume and benefit of Tritan absorbing some startup costs at end of this year. But when they bring that new capacity, that's what gives us the confidence about how they can grow beyond that $100 million in 2012.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG: And Curt, just to be clear, on Q2 that you're saying will be up versus year ago?
Curtis Espeland: Q2, I'd have to back -- go back and look the number. I think they're going to be down sequentially, and -- but probably a little better than last year, if I recall the numbers.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG: And Jim, just on -- the fiber pricing, you said, should be up -- reflect more of the annual increases in Q2 and Q3 than Q2. Will that have an impact as well on profitability and margins?
James Rogers: Yes, I mean, the guidance we're giving is Fibers will be a little better second quarter than first, but they're at a pretty nice level right now, so I don't expect a lot of volatility around those numbers. I mean their issue is they're going to have more volume in the second quarter will be one of the drivers, I believe. And the -- and first, on the pricing, we just wanted to point out that I know all you guys like to go through the volume percentages, pricing percentages, et cetera. You're just missing a little bit of the price increase in the first quarter. A lot of that doesn't kick in until, say, February. So January, a lot of times, you're on the old pricing. That's all.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG: And how much pricing did you get this year? Was it typical 7%-ish?
James Rogers: We don't say our percentages. Others may want to go that route, but we negotiate with each customer individually. And our objective is to try and cover our increased costs, and we all know that there's -- wood pulp, in particular, was a significant increase. But we think Fibers will deliver the results we say, and that's a combination of volume, price, service, et cetera.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG: And last, just on volume growth Q2 and Q3. In the past, you said you would be constrained, will be constrained. But won't they have a little more volume now than you did. Have you seen some de-bottlenecking activities give you a little more capacity throughout the past late last year?
James Rogers: Yes, always. It's amazing. These assets have been around a long time and yet continually, some of that capital we spend goes to a minor de-bottleneck here or there. One of the mainstreams you're always looking to de-bottleneck is your acetyl stream, and there's no major thing I can point to other than the projects we've already pointed out. But much of it just goes to just excellent operation in terms of running the plants better than we have historically, even. And frankly, it sounds immodest, but we've been pretty good at running chemical plants. We're doing an excellent job right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Rodriguez with Gleacher & Company.
Edlain Rodriguez - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Jim, a quick question on pricing. I mean, they've been extremely strong over the past few quarters and, of course, a good chunk of it is cost push. But can you talk about how the portfolio is strategically positioned to hold on to some of those prices, or do you have to give them up as quickly as they came if costs come down?
James Rogers: Well, as you can imagine, it depends market by market, right? So -- and also, kind of even within streams. So in the past, in some of the Investor Days, maybe a couple of Investor's Day, I got a -- I talked about products that cross more than one stream, or maybe we're the only ones in the world who make it. And there you have to be very judicious with price increases. You try not to tie it too much to raw materials. And so maybe we didn't -- some of the stuff in CASPI or a few things in Specialty Plastics, you don't run them up as fast as the raws, but they also don't have to come off. The stuff that's -- when raws come off. Stuff that's closer to commodity does move around much closer tied to the raws. And in fact, much of PCI, you think about price adjusting within 30 days of raws. The key thing we focus on, though, is the spread. And that's why a lot of times, I don't even like to talk about percentage margins because I'm focusing on absolute dollar spreads. And the final thing I'll say on this is I don't want to imply that I think the industry has changed its psyche. I think, for sure, we'll still have some period in the future of overbuild, and we'll have a supply-driven cycle eventually. But the downturn was so dramatic that as I talked to guys in the industry, I can just see that they're being much more cautious this time. They're not just not throwing the cash at steel and concrete and throwing it in the ground. And so at best, I'd say it's probably going to take a little longer to get to that point, speaking broadly for the industry.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Cash with UBS.
Andrew Cash - UBS Investment Bank: Back in the investment day, you highlighted a number of growth opportunities, expanding existing products and margins, markets and so forth. So when you look at 17% year-over-year growth in the first quarter, I was just hoping that you might be able to break that down a little bit in terms of how much was from new products, how much was from perhaps new customers or regions and perhaps is there a way to get an idea how much was pre-price increase buying?
James Rogers: Yes, that's something you always want to watch for. And in fact, the last point about people trying to get in ahead of a price increase, we got systems that handle that pretty well, but you can never shut the door completely. Frankly, that was part of it when we saw January results. In Investors Day, all we had was January results. We knew revenue, but we didn't know earnings from February. And there's a little bit of a concern that maybe we had, had some of the business pulled forward into January, and so you shouldn't just take that times 12 or whatever. And then as the quarter unfolded, February and March were also extremely strong. I don't know, Curt. Do you want to...
Curtis Espeland: No, I mean, the only thing to add besides that is I also look at how much was just a benefit of the crackers operating first quarter this year versus first quarter last year, and that was just a couple of percentage points.
James Rogers: Yes, I would say is I don't think you -- in fact, I know we haven't gotten a lot of volume -- hardly any volume from some of the great new stuff we've talked about like acetylated wood and surface. Surface is just now getting out in the stores. That was that coating that goes on trim from Specialty Plastics. I think that's going be really strong. Early indications are that's good. But you haven't seen it. And in fact, if anything, you've probably just seen a cost in the numbers so far. So not as much from new products yet. I'm really thinking that will be a driver for -- probably, what's going to make '14 better than '13, '15 better than '14 is going to be things like microfibers, et cetera.
Andrew Cash - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. So if you strip out the cracker benefit, the underlying growth was 15%?
Curtis Espeland: Yes, roughly, yes.
Andrew Cash - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. Just -- you brought up the acetylated pine project. Where does that stand now? Have you -- how much money have you spent? I think you said at Investors Day, you're looking towards maybe $500 million on that project?
James Rogers: No.
Curtis Espeland: Of revenue.
James Rogers: Yes, of revenue.
Andrew Cash - UBS Investment Bank: Of revenue. Okay. So where do you stand?
James Rogers: No, I could just imagine, if one of my board members was listening [indiscernible] "Why didn't you tell me we were going to spend that much on A-wood?" But no, on the acetylated wood, it's on track. We're building the small commercial plan here to test the market spring of next year. So not a huge amount of money spent today, but you've seen a lot of the expense on the other line when we put our numbers out there. And this is one where you probably get $2-plus of revenue for every dollar of capital, so long term, this is a nice business model. But again, we've got to prove it out. We got to see people willing to pay the price point we need to have the margins we want.
Andrew Cash - UBS Investment Bank: Okay, so if it's not a $500 million project, what's the kind of ball park range that you might be spending there over the next couple of years? [indiscernible]. [Audio Gap]
Curtis Espeland: Well, Andy, if you look at just the small commercial operation we're working on this year, that's including the $450 million outlook. That's probably a modest percentage of that total. Jim talked about the 2:1 revenue, so if you got a $500 million revenue, that gives you roughly $250 million type of number. And as I mentioned in Investor Day, that really is going to depend on how the spring launch goes in '12. But that will start in '13, and '14 is where you see that capital.
Operator: Our final question comes from Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, just a follow-up on Fibers. Jim, one of your primary competitors there indicated they may need to run a facility in the United Kingdom a bit longer. I think the intimation was that some of the crises in Japan have had an impact on that market. Have you seen that at all and maybe you could comment on the incremental capacity you've added in Korea and how much of that is loaded at this point?
James Rogers: Yes, Korea's full, so that's a good thing. I tried to say that in my comments. The market needs the volume right now, I guess, is the best way to say it. The customers need the volume, so we understand completely what kind of thinking went through the competitor you are talking about, what went through their minds. Other than that, I would just say Japan, in general, not a major impact as far as we can see it. That's not just Fibers, that's across all our business. So you want to watch for things like the displays market for Specialty Plastics, but right now, that looks like it's okay. Again, on Fibers, we're trying to make sure we service our customers with what they need across-the-board. The concern out of Japan would be, in my mind, would be if eventually the supply chain just starts to hit some choke points where some of the end markets can't produce the volume they want that we sell into. But direct impact on us is minimal.
Kevin McCarthy: Okay. And then a couple of housekeeping questions, if I may, on CASPI. Is your 10% expansion of Eastotac complete at this point? And what is the timeline for Regalite? Is that on track for this summer?
James Rogers: Yes, all our expansions are on track. I'm trying to remember what the timing was on Eastotac? Do you remember it?
Curtis Espeland: I don't remember. I'll go back and check. It's okay.
Kevin McCarthy: Okay. And then on acetyls, Jim, what is your operating rate at this time?
James Rogers: High. I mean, I gave you a ballpark for the whole company at 90%. I'm rounding a little bit, but say 90%, and the acetyls would be in that ballpark and have a little more juice as well. Overall, it's -- I want people to understand that we were judicious as we went to add capacity, but we really do need to spend this money and add this capacity, and we're doing it in a number of places. But I have pretty much still got a little capacity left to where I think we need it.
Curtis Espeland: Jim, if I might add. Kevin, one thing that we will have in the fourth quarter this year, we will have a shutdown of that -- at our island. That will affect some of our operating rates in the fourth quarter. That's a normal periodic turnaround.
James Rogers: That's another chance you take to do when you do de-bottlenecks or cost-saving projects that you've been waiting on until you do a shutdown.
Operator: That does conclude the question-and-answer session today. At this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to your presenters for additional or closing remarks.
Gregory Riddle: Okay. Thanks again for joining us this morning, everyone. A web replay as well as a replay in a downloadable MP3 format and the accompanying slides for this conference call are going to be available on our website from 11 a.m. this morning. Thanks, again, and have a great day.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-01 08:00:00) =====
Executives: James Rogers - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Curtis Espeland - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Gregory Riddle - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co Luisa Hermann - Dahlman Rose Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets Andrew Feinman - Iridian Asset Management Edlain Rodriguez - Gleacher & Company, Inc. Kevin McCarthy Paul Mann - Morgan Stanley P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Co. Fourth Quarter and Year End 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman website, www.eastman. com. We will now turn the conference over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory Riddle: Okay. Thank you, Candice, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Jim Rogers, Chairman and CEO; and Curt Espeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'll cover three items. First, during this call, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations for first quarter and full year 2011. Actual results could differ materially from our plans and expectations, certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's fourth quarter and full year 2010 financial results news release on our website and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for third quarter 2010 and the Form 10-K to be filed for full year 2010.  Second, except when otherwise indicated, all financial measures referenced in the call and in the slides accompanying the call will be non-GAAP financial measures, including earnings per share, operating earnings and cash flows from operating activities that exclude asset impairment and restructuring charges, early debt extinguishment costs and the impact of the adoption of amended accounting guidance for transfers of financial assets. Our reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures, including the description of the asset pairs restructuring charges, debt extinguishment costs and adoption of amended accounting guidance, are available in our fourth quarter and full year 2010 financial results news release and the tables accompanying the release.  Lastly, we've posted slides that accompany our remarks for this morning's call on our website at www.investors. eastman.com in the Presentation and Events section. With that I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James Rogers: Okay. Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us. I'm going to begin on Page 3. And 2010 was a tremendous year for Eastman Chemical Co. Our solid core business has demonstrated their earnings potential and established a new level of earnings performance for the company. Volumes returned for the strengthening global economy and in a number of areas we gained market share due to innovative products.  We continue to make progress on our growth initiatives including the acquisition of Genovique Specialties, manufacture of non-phthalate plasticizers in May of 2010, completing an acetate tow expansion in Korea during the first quarter which increased our capacity there by 15% and selling out our first Tritan Copolyster resin line a year ahead of schedule. Our free cash flow was over $400 million in 2010, and I remind you that we subtract out our dividend from that. And just yesterday we completed the sale of our PET business.  Moving on to Slide 4, and as I normally do on these calls, I'll take just a minute to review how we did against some of the commitments we made to you. In October, we told you that we expected our fourth quarter EPS to be between $1.40 and $1.50 and we came in at the low end of the range and I'll talk more about that in a minute. For the year, on the last call, we indicated EPS would be above $7 for the year and we were slightly below that.  On cash flow, we said we would generate more than $300 million, and as I said, we came in at over $400 million with the outperformance mostly due to the timing of a pension contribution that Curt will cover. Earlier in the year, we said we would review strategic actions for our PET business and you know the outcome there. And we committed to be in disciplined with our capital allocation. If you look at how we put capital to work through the year, across the four buckets I've talked about, I hope you would agree we've been disciplined. Overall, 2010 was a terrific year for Eastman and it has positioned us well for profitable growth going forward.  Now turning to Slide 5. Before I go into a discussion of our fourth quarter performance, I want to remind you that Performance Polymers results are presented as discontinued ops. So you won't see them in our numbers in these slides or in the tables that accompany our release last night. It also means that the residual cost from the business, those costs that stay with Eastman after the sale, have been allocated to the remaining segments. These costs were approximately $25 million for full year 2010 and we expect they will be approximately $20 million in 2011. And I expect us to grow into these costs in the next year or so.  Specifically, on the fourth quarter performance, year-over-year revenue increased due to higher volume and higher selling prices. These factors drove the improvement in operating earnings in EPS. Sequentially, revenue declined by 3%, mainly due to a 6% decline in volume due to normal seasonality and some destocking. Operating earnings and EPS declined sequentially due to the lower volume, higher cost for growth and business development initiatives and higher raw material and energy cost.  In a number of cases, we've pulled cost associated with growth forward due to demand returning earlier than expected. There are also a few other factors impacting fourth quarter results that combined had a negative impact on the fourth quarter. We had some asset write-offs and other charges that weren't fully anticipated. These were partially offset by the last payment from our insurance settlement related to the first quarter power outage at the Longview, Texas facility. And the EPS from continuing operations were reduced by $0.11 a share due to the non-deductibility of early distributions under the executive deferred compensation plan.  There are a lot of moving parts in the fourth quarter, I know, but when you look at the underlying performance, I believe we had a solid quarter, our second highest fourth quarter in fact.  Moving next to the full year on Slide 6. Sales revenue increased by 33% due to higher sales volume and higher selling prices. Volume increased as demand strengthened in a number of our key end markets including packaging and durable goods, and as benefits from our growth initiatives throughout the company. Selling prices increased mainly due to higher raw material and energy costs. Operating earnings increased substantially for the year. Primary driver there was the higher sales volume and the resulting higher capacity utilization which led to lower unit costs. In addition, our higher selling prices more than offset higher raw material and energy costs for the year. And our operating margin of 15% was about 300 basis points higher than 2009.  When I talk about establishing a new level of earnings performance, it begins with our performance in 2010. Our EPS of $6.96 is a new record for the company and we all know records are meant to be broken. I'll get more into that when I discuss our guidance for 2011 in a few minutes.  Moving next to the segments starting with Fibers on Slide 7. Fibers delivered yet another very strong year in 2010. This is the sixth year out of the last seven that they have reported year-over-year earnings growth. For the year, revenue increased due to higher volume and a favorable shift in product mix, both of which were attributed to strengthened demand due to global economic recovery. Looking forward to 2011, we expect our selling prices will mostly offset higher raw material and energy costs, particularly higher wood pulp cost and they'll also benefit from the additional acetate tow capacity in Korea.  As a result, we expect operating earnings will be about 5% higher in 2011 compared with 2010, putting Fibers on track for continued year-over-year earnings growth.  Next is CASPI, starting with their fourth quarter results. Sales revenue increased year-over-year due to higher volume and higher selling prices. Sequentially, sales revenue declined by 7% mainly due to lower sales volume which declined due to seasonality and some destocking particularly of specialty products.  Operating earnings declined both year-over-year and sequentially for a few reasons. First, higher raw material and energy cost were only partially offset by higher selling prices during the quarter, and we expect our recent pricing actions to offset the rest of the raw market increase. In addition, they had higher costs related to growth and business development initiatives as demand has recovered quicker than we expected. This is an example of where we pulled forward some costs to accelerate our growth initiatives.  Looking at the full year, CASPI established a new level of earnings performance, sales revenue increased mainly due to higher sales volume and higher selling prices, operating earnings were $299 million due to the higher sales volume and resulting higher capacity utilization which led to lower unit cost and higher selling prices.  Looking forward to 2011, CASPI is on track for another terrific year and we expect operating earnings will be 5% to 10% higher in 2011 compared with 2010 with higher volumes and as they benefit from the olefin cracker restart. PCI is on Slide 9. In the fourth quarter, sales revenue increased year-over-year due to higher selling prices and higher sales volume. The higher selling prices were in response to higher raws and energy costs. The higher volume included growth in our Heritage and acquired plasticizer product lines. Operating earnings increased due to higher selling prices more than offsetting higher raw material and energy costs and higher sales volume.  Looking at the full year, operating earnings increased substantially versus the trough level of 2009. The reasons for the increase were the same as those in the fourth quarter. Looking ahead to 2011, they are well positioned for a very strong year. The olefin derivative markets remain tight as we start the year, plus they will benefit from the olefin cracker we restarted in December, particularly, with propylene prices recently spiking to levels similar to those we saw in the first part of 2010. As a result, we expect 2011 operating earnings will be greater than $250 million for this business.  Moving next to Specialty Plastics on Slide 10. They had a solid fourth quarter with revenue increasing 26% due to higher sales volume and higher selling prices. The higher sales volume was attributed to strength in demand for specialty packaging in consumer and durable goods and a positive impact of growth initiatives for copolyester in Eastman Tritan copolyester product lines. Operating earnings increased primarily due to higher sales volume and a resulting increased capacity utilization which led to lower unit costs.  Looking at full year 2010, Specialty Plastics made terrific progress and as ahead of the schedule, we had set for them, and the story is very straightforward. Demand came back quicker than we thought and the growth initiatives are ahead of schedule. Sales volume was up 32% year-over-year, that's about 15% above that's previous peak volumes set back in 2001. Operating earnings of $93 million were the highest in over a decade. For 2011, we expect our operating earnings to be slightly higher than in 2010 for a few reasons.  One, demand has increased substantially so expect volume will increase, but because Specialty Plastics is capacity constrained in a number of areas, we expect the growth will be at the lower end of their 6% to 8% historical range. The solution for this is capacity expansions, but they won't be online until 2012. Also they're facing a substantial increase in paraxylene cost primarily due to what is happening with cotton as cotton prices have increased more clothing with polyester fibers being produced, meaning more paraxylene is being used and therefore, paraxylene is tight globally leading to higher prices. Just in January alone, paraxylene increased 35% and this is on top of a 25% increase in the fourth quarter compared with a third quarter. Since this business mainly sells on product performance or other specialty attributes, this kind of cost increase is extremely difficult to cover in the short term.  We therefore believe only a slight increase in operating earnings in 2011 versus 2010 should be expected and then in 2012, they will have more capacity to meet strong demand and we will be back on an earnings growth pattern.  I'll talk about the regions next and throw them on Slide 11. As we demonstrated in the third quarter, we are seeing revenue growth around the world which is building our earnings growth. Our highest revenue growth in 2010 was outside the U.S., in Europe and Asia. Previously, we've had about 55% of our revenue in the U.S. and Canada and 45% outside U.S./Canada.  With our portfolio restructuring and faster growth outside the states, this ratio is now closer to 50/50, and the change is even more dramatic with operating earnings instead of the 50/50 split we previously had in 2010, approximately 60% of our operating earnings were outside the U.S. and Canada. Our geographic diversity both for revenue and operating earnings is a source of strength for the company.  I'll conclude this morning with our earnings outlook for first quarter and full year 2011. As we begin the year, there are clear signs that the global economy continues to strengthen, but we know we'll face some headwinds like raw material and energy costs are expected to continue being volatile. I mentioned paraxylene, when discussing the outlook for Specialty Plastics, higher wood pulp costs impact not just Fibers but products lines in CASPI and Specialty Plastics. And it isn't just the raw materials and energy costs go higher, but also the potential for them to drop quickly makes pricing more difficult.  We will also have higher pension expense this year and we are pulling forward costs as we accelerate our growth initiatives in response to demand being stronger than we expected at this point.  When I put it all together, we expect first quarter 2011 earnings from continuing operations to be between $1.75 and $1.85 per share, and this would be attractive growth both sequentially and year-over-year. And for the full year, we expect EPS from continuing operations will be slightly more than 10% above 2010. Our focus is on delivering year-over-year earnings growth on a consistent basis and we are well positioned to do that in 2011 and beyond.  Now it comes to my favorite part of the call, and that doesn't mean I don't enjoy your questions, I just like this opportunity to talk about one of our execs and so now is when I shine the spotlight on one of those. So let me mention one of our youngest executive team members, Dr. Greg Nelson. Greg went to the University of Alabama, Undergrad, so yes, he still pays attention to college football. And he received his PhD from Emory in analytical chemistry. And that's a good thing because Greg is our Chief Technology Officer, and as such, leads an extremely talented team of scientists and business people in R&D, our licensing group, Six Sigma and most recently, IT. We've made great progress in all of these areas, but with Investor Day coming up soon, I wanted to particularly compliment the progress we've made in our innovation pipeline. He'll be able to speak about that on March 1 and even have a few samples of new products for show and tell. One of my favorites is a product that goes into the building and construction marketplace, but I don't want to give too much away so I'll stop there.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Curt.
Curtis Espeland: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. I'm starting on Slide 14 with the review of our 2010 financial highlights. Cash from operations for 2010 was $575 million. This includes a reduction of $200 million due to the adoption of amended accounting guidance in the first quarter impacting our accounts receivable securitization program. Excluding that, cash from operations was $775 million, slightly above the $758 million we reported in 2009. Working capital, including the adoption of accounting guidance, increased by $166 million. This mainly reflects increases in our receivables and inventories, which is consistent with our sales revenue for the year increasing by 33% and with higher raw material and energy costs.  In December, all participants in our deferred compensation plan had amounts distributed early under a provision of the plan triggered by certain participants electing early withdrawal. This resulted in a $37 million reduction in employee liabilities and a use of operating cash flow in fourth quarter 2010. In addition, there was an $8 million increase to the provision for income taxes for the non-deductible portion of these distributions. This equated to the $0.11 per share impact on fourth quarter and full year results.  Capital expenditures for the year were $243 million. This is above our previous expectation of approximately $225 million for the year as CapEx for the fourth quarter of $110 million reflected the acceleration of the growth efforts we are funding. Free cash flow for the year was $405 million. Our previous projection of over $300 million of free cash flow for the year included a planned $100 million pension contribution in the fourth quarter at the same time that the PET transaction was anticipated to close. With the PET transaction closing yesterday, we held the pension contribution until the first quarter of 2011 primarily for tax reasons. All in all, a really great performance for the company.  We used these buckets here on Slide 15 throughout 2010 to describe how we are allocating capital. In the build bucket, as I just mentioned, our capital expenditures were $243 million in 2010. We are continuing to look at value-creating ways to organically grow our businesses, which I'll cover in more detail in a minute.  In the joint venture and acquisitions bucket, we completed the acquisition of Genovique back in May, and in March, we started up the acetate tow facility in Korea that we acquired from SK. During the year, we also acquired a small specialty polymers manufacturing facility and recently entered into a cellulose diacetate compounding joint venture, both of which are in China. We continue to evaluate multiple opportunities which are in various stages of our joint venture and acquisition pipeline.  While not as robust as I would prefer, the M&A pipeline is improving and I would anticipate more activity in this bucket over the course of the next year. And we have put cash to work in the owners bucket by returning cash to stockholders through both $127 million in dividends and $280 million in share repurchases. We also used $115 million in cash to restructure our debt profile to be more competitive.  Going forward, we'll continue to be disciplined in allocating cash across the best opportunities in each of these buckets. Let me expand on three of these buckets a little further.  Moving to Slide 16. When thinking about the build bucket going on to 2011, a couple of factors we've been looking at. First, given the strong utilization rates expected with our manufacturing assets, we will spend infrastructure capital at more normalized levels, typically around $200 million a year.  Secondly, we will significantly increase growth capital, which was only about $60 million in 2010. The capital expenditures related to growth are across a variety of projects in each of the businesses. The common characteristics of each of these capacity additions is that they are driven by strong demand growth in attractive markets where Eastman has a competitive advantage and they all have attractive returns well above our cost of capital.  Here are five growth projects we're working on. Starting with the CHDM capacity addition. CHDM is the monomer used in the manufacture of copolyesters for the Specialty Plastics segment. We expect the 25% increase in CHDM capacity to be online in two phases, well, with the first in mid-2011 and the second in 2012.  Next is the Tritan Copolyester capacity addition. Our second copolyester resin facility is expected to be online the beginning of 2012. Also on Specialty Plastics is cellulose triacetate, or CTA, which is used in the LCD industry for the manufacture of polarizer films. We are expanding CTA capacity by 70% with the new capacity expected to be online at first quarter 2012. We are also expanding our 2-EH capacity at our Longview, Texas site. This expansion supports the PCI segment's efforts in the plasticizers market, particularly our non-phthalate plasticizers. We completed a small debottleneck in the fourth quarter and we have an additional expansion expected to be online in mid-2012.  Lastly, we are once again re-expanding our Regalite Hydrocarbon Resin capacity. We expanded our Middleburg facility 3x since 2006. This latest expansion will add approximately 20% to current capacity and is expected to be online the second half of 2011. As a result, I expect that capital expenditure run rate of $110 million in the fourth quarter of 2010 will continue throughout 2011.  In addition to using cash to grow the company, we remain committed to returning cash to stockholders. In December, our board authorized a 7% increase to our dividend to $0.47 per share. This is the first dividend increase for the company since 1996; although, we have paid a strong dividend every quarter since we became a public company in 1994. The increase in the dividend reflects the board's confidence in our ability to deliver consistently strong earnings. It also reflects our strong commitment to provide attractive returns to stockholders. And recognizing that the dividend is a board decision, this increase is consistent with the philosophy of growing the dividend of the company as earnings expectations increased.  We also had $280 million of share repurchases in 2010, of which $212 million was repurchased in the fourth quarter. This contributed to a $1.8 million net reduction in actual outstanding shares of Eastman. You do not see the full benefit of these repurchases in the fourth quarter diluted shares as many of the repurchases occurred late in the year and we saw an increase in the dilutive effect of stock options and other share-based compensation with our increasing stock-price. We start 2011 with a fully diluted share count of 72.8 million shares with 70.7 million outstanding. In addition, as of the end of year, we have 116 million remaining on our current authorization which we expect to use during the course of this year.  During the fourth quarter, we restructured our long-term debt to favorably adjust maturities and reduce our future interest costs. We repurchased $500 million of our debt in a tender offer with maturities mainly in 2027 and 2024 timeframe with coupons above 7%. We recognized a pretax charge of $150 million in the fourth quarter for the early debt retirement. And we issued new debt with five and 10 year maturities and coupons of 3% and 4.5% respectively.  One of the reasons it made sense to restructure our debt this way is illustrated on the chart on Slide 18. Although we had an attractive debt letter, we were left competitive because we had not taken advantage of the lower rates in the market due to the long duration of our debt letter. You can see with that with these transactions, we have moved meaningfully to the left side and are now much more competitive on borrowing cost relative to our peers without materially impacting our average debt maturities. As a result, the combined impact of these transactions results in an ongoing reduction and interest expense of $17 million or roughly $0.16 per share. This is another good example of being opportunistic with the debt bucket that creates value and improves our competitive position.  Next on Slide 19 is a discussion of the PET transaction. As Jim mentioned, yesterday we closed the sale of our PET business to DAK Americas. Cash proceeds were approximately $600 million before tax and working capital adjustments. The cash tax impact of this transaction is approximately $100 million which will negatively impact operating cash flows in 2011 even though it related to the transaction.  We recognized a restructuring charge of $18 million in the fourth quarter of 2010 for severance and pension curtailment charges in conjunction with the sale. In addition, there are some residual costs that stay with Eastman after the sale. These were approximately $25 million in 2010 and are expected to be approximately $20 million in 2011. These costs represent corporate costs that are allocated to the remaining segments.  Since this is the first time we have reported the Performance Polymers segment as a discontinued operation, I thought it would useful to discuss our fourth quarter results before and after such treatment. If it had been treated as a continuing operation, the Performance Polymers segment in the fourth quarter would have reported $5 million in operating earnings, excluding asset impairments and restructuring charges. This $5 million performance would be net of the $7 million in allocated costs to the business. These results were better than we had expected primarily due to higher sales volume and higher selling prices.  Now moving to discontinued operations. When you adjust these results for $7 million in residual costs that are now reallocated to other segments, $4 million in asset impairment and restructuring charges directly attributable to the discontinued operations and some discrete tax events, you see the impact of discontinued operations was $0.02 per share in the fourth quarter. This is the same logic that is applied to the other historical reported periods.  With this transaction now closed, I want to thank again the employees at Carolina who have made significant improvements to the site and to the business over the past several years and we wish them the best of luck going forward.  Turning next to corporate items here on Slide 20 to help with expectations for 2011. Depreciation and amortization is expected to be approximately $265 million. It is expected to be lower than 2010 due to the PET divestiture, but this is offset some by the capital expenditures for growth initiatives. Pension expense is expected to be about $50 million higher in 2011 versus 2010. This is primarily due to the lower discount rate, although the increase in interest rates toward the end of 2010 reduced this impact somewhat. And we will make the $100 million pension contribution that we originally were going to make in the fourth quarter of 2010 during the first quarter of this year. We expect the effective tax rate will continue to be approximately 33%, reflecting the higher percentage of our assets that are located in the United States.  And then putting all these pieces together, including an increase in capital expenditures and the $100 million pension contribution, we expect to generate approximately $100 million of free cash flow in 2011. This expectation excludes any impact that PET divestiture will have on operating and free cash flows.  So lastly, I'd like to once again invite you to join us at our 2011 Investor Day in New York, scheduled the morning of March 1. We are holding it at the Sentry Center, which is conveniently located on 3rd Avenue between 45th and 46th Streets. Our broader management team will be well represented, and this year, we'll have a display area so you can learn a little bit more about our product lines and our growth initiatives. I look forward to seeing you there and with that, I'll turn it back over to Greg.
Gregory Riddle: Okay, great. Thanks, Curt. And this concludes our prepared remarks. Candice, we are ready for our questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG: Jim, with PET closed and the cash balance high, can you update us on your thoughts on share of buybacks versus acquisitions?
James Rogers: Yes, sure. I mean, it's something we've talked a lot about in the past. And I think I've said in the past, it's one of the ways we believe we can differentiate ourselves so we're just smart about how we put our cash to work. So we're still in the frame of mind that we should be using all those buckets. As I look at it, having sold PET, you see we got a little cost that's stuck to our ribs -- very much when we'd be doing more acquisitions. But they've got to be smart and we can't over pay and so you ought to expect us to continue on that at a measured pace. Odds are that will not be the only use of cash we want do, we want to use the other buckets. You saw what we did in the debt bucket, I imagine we'll fairly quiet in that one. The equity bucket, with the dividend and with buyback, seems like a prudent way to use a portion of the cash as well. I don't want to get nailed down on a particular number. You know the board is the one who approves dividend increases and share buyback increases. But when I look across all four buckets, I know the CapEx is going to go up. I feel very confident we'll be able to do some acquisitions, they may not be real big, they maybe more like Genovique, maybe a little larger, we'll see. And I would guess we'll continue to buy back stock.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG: And Jim, just in terms of the capacity constraints, at least by quarter, which quarters are you most constrained? Is it Q2 and Q3? And besides some Specialty Plastics, any capacity constraints in PCI or CASPI?
James Rogers: Yes in all. Yes everywhere because the demand has been so strong. So by just starting CASPI in the coating side of the specialties, not a constraint there and we hope that we're never constrained there because there's a number of products we're the only ones in the world who make it. But when I get to more the resin side, the old Adhesives business, there we've had some constraints and that's where you've seen this expanding capacity. When I look at PCI, we've been constrained on 2-EH, which is a precursor we need for plasticizers, so that's another place you see us adding capacity. Specialty Plastics, we've talked a lot about. Just on that, I mean, if we'd had perfect foresight, we would've started these projects sooner, but I think we've mentioned it was really tough in early '09 to go to your board of directors and say, "Let's start spending a lot on money on capital. " And our industry is such that it takes a while to get it in the ground and running. Good news is that's true for everybody, so the markets have tightened up and probably through '11, we'll still be able to do fairly well on pricing versus raws and energy.
Operator: Now to Frank Mitsch with BB&T.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: One thing you didn't mention though is that you guys, on the forecasting front, aren't all that sharp. I mean, you originally guided 2010 at $4.35, you came in at 7%. Now you're saying that you're going to get 10% above in 2011 or slightly above 10% in 2011. Jim, you listed a heck of a lot of tailwinds here. If you have to figure out where you were likely to be wrong on your forecast, where are you guessing that it'll be? I mean, on the buying side, you guys are killing it in Europe and elsewhere. Where can you be surprised on your outlook?
James Rogers: Yes, where is our upside, because we did say better than 10% percent. I might remind people that's assuming that we don't find good ways to put that cash to work. As I look across the businesses, I guess I don't want to kind of go line by line or business by business, but to the extent the volumes come in strong and to the extent that the raw materials don't screw us over somehow in terms of having a lot of volatility or really shooting up rapidly, we'll do a little better on spread than maybe we thought. But here we are at the beginning of February, looking out the rest of the year, we just had a smash-up year, and in the past, in our industry and for Eastman, we typically went down after a big year like that, and here we're saying we're confident we'll do better than 10% up. And like I say, if we can put the cash to work, I think we'd do even better than that. I don't know. Curt, do you want to add anything?
Curtis Espeland: No. I'd agree. And as we've talked about some of the upside of additional volume will come will come as we put more steel on the ground and get that capital and growth spending.
James Rogers: That's not going to kick in to '12, '13. So we'll talk more about it here in a few weeks when we get to Investor's Day, Frank. But we're not just bullish on 2011. I mean, we see things down the road for '12 and '13 that we'll be able to talk more about that. So we want to keep this high rate of earnings growth going.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: As I look at the CASPI forecast, you have it up 5% to 10% in 2011. I'm not sure a lot of people would say that 2010 was a blowout year in terms of coatings. What sort of forecast -- what sort of coatings recovery are you forecasting to have that just up 5% to 10% in 2011?
James Rogers: Well, it's not just coatings. There's other parts of the business. But maybe the industry didn't have a blowout year, but we sure had a record year, a really strong year for CASPI. Frank, we're trying to be prudent in terms of how we're looking at the different segments. There are some places that are capacity constrained. There are specialties that when the raws move, you don't always get the price right away and that's what happened to CASPI some in the fourth quarter. Although, I think I mentioned as I look through January, we can see that we do have pricing in place to make up that shortfall that hit us in the fourth quarter in CASPI. So I mean, overall, I'm bullish but I'm not trying to call some big uptick for the coatings marketplace.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: You did mention that there was some growth spending, additional growth spending in the fourth quarter that may have been pulled forward. Any sense in the order of magnitude that negatively impacted your fourth quarter?
James Rogers: I'll let Curt kind of give some numbers on it. But not just CASPI but across the whole company. I was a little disappointed in our SG&A discipline in the fourth quarter and I take responsibility for that. We had a strong year. There was some pent-up demand to do, some things out there on the shop floors and so people spend a little bit of money. I think our discipline is back here in the first and second quarter. I think, Curt, for CASPI, the gross stuff, we're ball parking at $5 million to $7 million, is that. . .
Curtis Espeland: Yes. $5 million to $7 million and the nature of that kind of cost is business development costs that we have with some strategic customers as they look at applying products to new markets, some consulting fees as we're looking at around trying to penetrate some of the merging markets, as well as some strategy work. And even though it's pulled forward to maybe it was on the fourth quarter, the good news is that, that should contribute to the continued growth of CASPI. And we'll spend that money as we continue to see a return on that investment.
Operator: We'll move now to Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin McCarthy: First off, just a clarification, if I may, on your earnings guidance with regard to the growth of slightly more than 10% in 2011, am I correct in understanding that the base for that is $6.96 in 2010?
James Rogers: Yes, that's correct.
Kevin McCarthy: And then second, I guess with regard to raw material costs. Jim, you mentioned CASPI, you mentioned paraxylene, as we think about the spread between selling price where realizations have been quite good and then the inflation that you cited, is that spread more likely to become more favorable or unfavorable in 1Q versus 4Q?
James Rogers: I would say more favorable and that's only because I'm looking at the pricing actions we've taken. So I'll just give you an example. In a specialty product line within CASPI, we are really the only ones in the world who make the product, you just never want to price off a particular raw material moves. And so we can catch you during the quarter, maybe even for a following quarter, we've talked in the past about long supply lines, they saw some destocking, but eventually, you have a right to get that in price. And so when I look at CASPI, for example, I will say that I know they have more price increases in the first quarter, and so I factored that in and if raws just stayed where they are now or somewhere near now, I'd be fairly confident we'd have expansion in spread.
Kevin McCarthy: Just a follow up on share repurchases. Looks like you bought back $212 million in 4Q. Can you comment on the remainder on the authorization and -- I think, you already commented on your outlook there, but is it fair to say you need more headwind there soon?
Curtis Espeland: Yes, I think it's fair to say that we'll need more than 116 million of share, that's current authorization as we look at some of the share repurchases and we'll discuss that with our board over the coming year.
Operator: I'll move now to P.J. Juvekar with Citigroup.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc: Your CASPI modules declined in the quarter and you mentioned destocking in 4Q. I was wondering if you can elaborate on that.
James Rogers: I mean, you know what destocking is, and it was, I would say, a little bit of a surprise for us. We saw it more towards the end of the quarter. It was in the coatings additives, the specialty side, think about some of the longer supply lines to, say, Asia, et cetera. And I think the customers just took an opportunity to clean up at year end. I can tell you in January the volume is back. So I look at it as a kind of one-time blip.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc: And then you also mentioned olefins cracker restart as a positive for CASPI going into 2011. I was just wondering if you could quantify what benefit would you see.
James Rogers: Well, not so much in dollars because obviously there's a few moving parts but most people, when they think of the cracker, they think of PCI. PCI will get 60% plus of the benefit, but CASPI will get close to more than a third of the benefit from restarting that cracker just due to the propylene derivatives and their cost position on that.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc: Jim, you have that nice propane to propylene spread. With all this gas sitting on the balance sheet, what can you do with your capital to take further advantage of that spread?
James Rogers: Yes. I mean, we think we're doing what is prudent right now in terms of some of the capacity expansions. I don't know how aggressive we want to get in the marketplaces, the sheer commodity marketplaces that PCI plays into, so we're much more interested in the derivatives and carrying that spread down the value chain into the derivatives. And there, frankly, the capital numbers are typically smaller to expand some of those product lines because they're not as big a marketplace when I look at the derivatives. So I think we take advantage of that spread for a long time. I think we're being prudent about where we add capacity, but I don't see us making any kind of big plays in the olefin world.
Operator: We'll move now to Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Luisa Hermann - Dahlman Rose: This is Luisa Hermann in for Bob. I just had a one quick question on the Fibers segment. Specifically when you look at the EBIT margins, looks like they're the lowest now since 2008 and I noticed that you've kind of cited favorable product mix which shifted to higher volumes, but it looks like it contributed to lower profit margins. So could you just give us some more color on this and what the outlook is, I guess, in terms of raw materials going forward?
James Rogers: Yes. I guess, and we've talked about this on other calls. I don't often think in terms of percentage margin. I know most of the people on the call do. I think in terms of absolute dollars, and I guess, I just have had the experiences. Raws move around and pricing moves around. The percentages can fool you, but the absolute dollars never lie. So when I look at our Fibers business, I'm very pleased with the absolute earnings they've brought in, which as you know, were very good. Specifically on the raws, we talked about that. Wood pulp in particular goes up. In this industry, a lot of your suppliers will give you a price for the year. Many of us in the tow manufacturing will give our customers a price for the year and try and match that up. Fairly significant increase in wood pulp this year, we'll see what coal does for us. But what we think is between the pricing that we got at the beginning of the year and the additional volumes that we're expecting, especially having a full year of our Korean joint venture going, that's why we're looking for another up year in this Fibers business. And I guess, that's about as much as I can say. Like I said I don't particularly focus in on the percent margin for Fibers.
Operator: We'll move to Edlain Rodriguez with Gleacher & Company.
Edlain Rodriguez - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Jim, you've talked about acquisitions being so-so for use of cash. Can you talk about where you see opportunities in the near term? Like is it in the U.S.? Or outside of the U.S.?
James Rogers: Yes, it's interesting. I mean, our desire is to be more in the emerging markets to have a greater exposure there but frankly the opportunities come out you from everywhere including just the states and that's a good deal. We're going to turn it down just because it's a U.S. company. So we're seeing it both. We're seeing it in the U.S., Europe, some in Latin America, a little bit harder to find them in Asia, frankly. Maybe that's just us but in my opinion, that seems to be tough for everyone and it has more opportunities under $500 million than over $500 million, so that's why I kind of say, the sweet spot is probably that few hundred million. More than likely what you end up with some company that's global and represented in several regions like Genovique was, so even they had a small U.S. op, they were big in Eastern Europe and had position in Asia, and that's kind of the ideal scenario in my opinion.
Edlain Rodriguez - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Also geographically, can you talk about what you're seeing in Europe, any concerns there on the demand side? I don't have things in full status [ph].
James Rogers: At one-time, I thought we were the exception because we were strong in Europe, but I've heard more and more people talk about Europe coming back. I just got --back from Davos last week and I would say the tone there -- and it is very much dominated by Europeans, the tone there was fairly bullish. For the next several years they think we're at the beginning of an expansion cycle. I do as well. And I know that there's a lot of crazy stuff going in the world, in North Africa and places like Ireland and Greece, et cetera, but the way they were talking about it and what make sense to me is you just got to hold this in perspective in the large economies like Germany and France and the U.K. are quite strong and it looks like the growth has come back to Eastern Europe. So I continue to be bullish on Europe as a whole.
Operator: We'll move now to Paul Mann with Morgan Stanley Smith Barney.
Paul Mann - Morgan Stanley: Just looking at your Q1 guidance, just at the midpoint of that, your guidance have $1.80 a share. If we just annualized that flat across the year, it kind of get to your 10% guidance for the year. In 2010, there's some seasonal strength from Q2 and Q3, did your guidance suggest you're not expecting any seasonal strength this year in Q2 and Q3?
James Rogers: No. I think we will have seasonal strength. What we were trying to reflect was just the fact that we will be capacity constrained in a few areas that typically as you go across the year, usually the lightest of the three quarters so just to keep your numbers up. But I would expect the middle of the year to be stronger and we did say we hope to do better than 10%, so we'll see how that shakes up.
Paul Mann - Morgan Stanley: And then just in terms of your guidance, what are you assuming in terms of -- hopefully in pricing for the year? Can you give us any guidance on your thoughts on where pricing trends in the U.S. over the next sort of six month or so? Also can you quantify the effect on Eastman as a whole of the start of the Texas cracker?
James Rogers: I'll let Curt answer the last part. What we see between propane and propylene right now, in general, the trend is going to continue. There's some other things going on in the marketplace that'll probably make the first half of the year better than the second half of the year and that has to do with competitors and outages, et cetera. But overall, we believe we're going to continue to see a positive spread there, just can't guarantee that it'll be as strong as it is today.
Curtis Espeland: Yes. What I'll just comment on the cracker was a cost obviously in the fourth quarter, part of third quarter and as we start the year particularly the first half of the year, we think CASPI and PCI are going to see them break it out specifically, but I think you'll see in the guidance and then particularly PCI being over $250 million, that reflects a strong first half of the year for CASPI and PCI. As Jim mentioned, second half of the year, I don't think we're ready to call it yet.
Operator: We'll move now to Andy Feinman with Iridian Asset Management.
Andrew Feinman - Iridian Asset Management: So your pension expense, you said was going to be up $50 million. Was it $50 million for 2010?
Curtis Espeland: Yes, Andy, that's correct. It'll be above $50 million for 2010.
Andrew Feinman - Iridian Asset Management: And the funding was going to be $135 million. So now it's just $35 million?
Curtis Espeland: No, in 2010 we we're going to do $135 million. It will only be $35 million in '10 and will be $100 million in 2011.
Andrew Feinman - Iridian Asset Management: And the $100 million is the whole thing for the year in 2011? I mean. . .
Curtis Espeland: That's all were committing to at this point.
Andrew Feinman - Iridian Asset Management: And how about the -- you sold the Beaumont plant that you bought from Terra Industries during the first quarter. Can you tell us how much money you got for it?
Curtis Espeland: Well, we signed some agreements, I mean, the Beaumont assets, as part of the former TXE, have three or four different parts. We had some write-downs of those assets some time ago, probably sitting around $50 million plus on our balance sheet today. I think we'll do a little better then that over the two or three different components that we'll divest over the next first or second quarter.
Andrew Feinman - Iridian Asset Management: So Q1 and Q2 -- and I had estimated it will be worth around $80 million. So I'll just say that, and my boss will kill me for this, but you guys can spend our money anytime. My hat goes off to the search team because these PET earnings are really great.
James Rogers: They did do a good job, Andy. And I hear you on spending the cash. Again, the tough part for us is just finding the right stuff. So I appreciate the patience of our shareholders as we sit on some of this cash. We've seen too many times in the past where guys had run out and just spend it and we want to be really prudent as we do it. So we're going to continue, I hope, buying back stock and building where we're tight on capacity, but then also looking for the right acquisitions. I'd love to do some more like Genovique.
Operator: We'll move now to Jeff Zekauskas, JP Morgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Your depreciation and amortization next year are likely to go down $15 million. I guess in part from the divestiture of the PET business. But you talked about stranded costs being up $20 million to $25 million. So does that mean that the stranded costs are really something more like $35 million or $40 million given that you have this positive offset?
Curtis Espeland: I'm not sure they're additive. The $15 million was some cost distant from the depreciation and just goes with the business, doesn't really affect the cash flow. The stranded costs are what they are, that we're planning to grow into them.
James Rogers: Yes, Jeff. The way I look at it, I hadn't thought about the depreciation piece, we were just trying to quantify what's mainly labor and you know how that goes. You have the leverage of one functional department and it's almost like no matter how many operating assets you have, it's kind of a fixed expense. What we did at year end is we had a voluntary where we did have a little less than 200 people decide to retire from the company. It was a little less than we wanted. Could I have done more in the fourth quarter? And yes, I guess, I could have. But with a record year, morale being strong and us wanting to grow, having major plants and a headquarters in a small town, you just don't think in terms of so let another 100 people go and you'll just hire them back in the next 12 months. Our culture is such that we thought the right thing to do was to go ahead and eat those costs for a while and then just really put the pressure on ourselves to grow and grow our core businesses but also do some acquisitions and absorb those costs again.
Curtis Espeland: And Jeff, what I might also add is just to keep in mind that, that assumes we don't do anything with the cash proceeds from that transaction. So while there may be some overhang in the form of cost, we still have the opportunity to create some value and earnings with that cash.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co: You talked about $500 million as being the net proceeds excluding various adjustments. What's the magnitude of the adjustments that you're thinking of? Is this $50 million or $100 million or $25 million
Curtis Espeland: No. That would be worked primarily working capital and it maybe single millions to $10 million. It's not going to be in the $50 million, that magnitude.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Lastly, your working capital use excluding the charge for the way you look at your receivables, you're use less about $125 million. Do you think that you're going to have a working capital use in 2011? Or do you think your working capital will shrink?
Curtis Espeland: I think we will expect to see some use of working capital in 2011, primarily, just because of the increase in sales and so you'll see accounts receivable go up proportionally with the sales. I'm hoping we can keep inventory fairly manages and then the only think worth the mercy of is raw material increases that go into the value of inventory. But otherwise, it's the quantity. Our guys are starting they year with the expectation of really keeping their inventory tight.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the conference back over to our speakers for any additional or closing amongst.
Gregory Riddle: Okay. Thank again for joining us this morning. A replay of this call will be available on our website this afternoon through February 11. Have a great day, everyone.
Operator: That concludes our conference. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-23 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Riddle  IR Jim Rogers  President & CEO Curt Espeland  SVP and CFO
Analysts: Kevin McCarthy  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Jason Miner  Deutsche Bank P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Sergey Vasnetsov  Barclays  Frank Mitsch  BB&T Capital Markets Andrew Feinman  Iridian Asset Management Amy Zhang  Goldman Sachs 
Operator: Welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Todays conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastmans website, www.eastman.com We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Greg Riddle:  Okay, thank you and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us. On the call with me today are Jim Rogers, President and CEO, and Curt Espeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  Before we begin I will cover three items. First, during this call you will hear certain forward looking statements concerning our plans and expectations for second quarter and full-year 2010. Actual results could differ materially from our plans and expectations. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the Companys first quarter 2010 financial results news release on our website and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including a form 10-K filed for 2009 and form 10-Q to be filed for first quarter 2010.   Second, except when otherwise indicated, operating earnings, earnings per share and cash flows from operating activities referenced in the call and in the slides accompanying the call exclude restructuring charges and the impact of the adoption of amended accounting guidance for transfers of financial assets. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures including a description of the restructuring charges and the impact of adoption of amended accounting guidance for transfers of financial assets available in our first quarter 2010 financial results news release and the tables accompanying the news release.  Lastly, we have posted the slides accompanying our remarks for this mornings call on our website at www.investors.eastman.com. You will find them in the Presentations and Events section. With that I will turn the call over to Jim. 
Jim Rogers:  Thanks, Greg and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us. I am going to begin on slide 3. Beginning with an update on some of the outlook statements we made on the call back in January.  For first quarter EPS we told we expected to be slightly above the $1.14 we reported in the fourth quarter and since then we had an outage at our Longview, Texas site which negatively impacted our results. We were able to more than offset the impact of the outage with strong volumes, improved mix and a strong March. I will talk more about the quarter in a minute.  Next we told you we projected our full-year 2010 EPS to be 20% higher than our 2009 EPS of $3.63. I will talk more about our expectations for 2010 EPS when I get to the outlook but given our strong start in our first quarter we expect to be well above this projection. We also told you we expect to generate more than $100 million of free cash flow in 2010. This is on top of the $320 million of free cash we generated in 2009. Although we used cash in the first quarter due to a working capital build which is reflective of our strong revenues, given our expectations for strong earnings performance we expect to more than meet this objective. Curt will walk you through this in more detail in his section.  We told you that we expected to recognize earnings from a acetyl license in the first half of 2010. This happened in March. This license along with the license we have with Chang Chun Petrochemical in Taiwan is a recognition of the value of our acetyl co-production technology. We have told you we expect to make progress on joint ventures and acquisitions in 2010. We have. In March we announced the completion of an acetate tow manufacturing plant in Korea the is owned by our joint venture with SK in which we have a controlling interest. Also in March we announced we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Genovique Specialties Corporation which will strengthen our non-phthalate plasticizer business in the PCI segment.  Next is a review of our financial results for first quarter 2010. As I mentioned we were more than able to offset the impact of the outage at our Longview, Texas facility. Revenue increased 39% year-over-year. Volumes increased 22%. Part of the increase is a comparison to depressed demand in first quarter 2009 obviously but it also reflects the benefit of growth initiatives in areas like specialty plastics. Our operating margin increased to 12%, up substantially year-over-year and up 1% sequentially.  The increased earnings reflected the higher volumes, improved capacity utilization and the resulting lower unit costs and a positive shift in product mix. The net impact of both the acetyl license revenue and the outage at the Longview facility is about negative $0.15 per share; that is the net. I would also add we had good momentum in the quarter with March being our strongest month.  Turning to the segments, starting with fibers. What a great business. Fibers operating earnings in the quarter tied their quarterly record set in the third quarter 2009 and we have now set a record in four of the last five quarters. Revenue, volume and pricing were all similar to first quarter 2009 levels. Operating earnings increased due to the slight increase in prices in higher acetate yarn utilization and first quarter 2009 acetate yarn utilization was around 30%. In the first quarter 2010 it was in the mid 80s.  As I mentioned, the 27,000 net ton acetate tow facility in Korea started up in the first quarter and we are making good progress qualifying material with customers but there will be somewhat of a headwind from the new capacity in 2010 as we fill it out. We expect this will be offset with the stronger acetate yarn volumes and as a result we expect 2010 operating earnings to be similar to the $300 million reported in 2009.  Next up is CASPI, another great business. The biggest story for CASPI is the rebound in volumes, up 34% year-over-year. The volume increase is due to the comparison against depressed volumes in the first quarter 2009 and some inventory restocking. They also upgraded their mix mainly due to an increase in volumes for their specialty coalescent and specialty polymers particularly in Asia Pacific. Operating earnings increased substantially year-over-year but were down $11 million sequentially.  The sequential decline was due to the $10 million impact of the Longview outage and some margin compression. Operating margin was 18% and excluding the impact of the outage would have been 20%. Looking forward, given their strong start to the year and expected continued strong results in the second quarter they have a good chance to set a new operating earnings record in 2010 above the $242 million they reported in 2006.  PCI is next. Revenue increased substantially, up 58% year-over-year. Volume was up due to the comparison against depressed levels in the first quarter 2009. We are also benefiting from tightness caused by planned maintenance and competitor outages in ethylene and [inaudible] in Asia. Selling prices increased to offset higher raw material and energy costs and product mix improved due to increased volumes of higher priced olefin derivatives and sales revenue from the acetyl license. Operating earnings improved substantially year-over-year due to the higher volume and price, improved product mix and the sales revenue from the acetyl license. The negative impact of the Longview outage and the revenue from the acetyl license mostly netted out to zero for PCI. Looking forward we expect tightness to continue in a number of our olefin derivatives and for sales volumes to remain strong. As a result, we expect our full-year operating earnings to be above $125 million, more than double our 2009 operating earnings of $54 million.  I would also like to make a comment about all of the hard work our employees in Longview did to limit the impact of the outage we experienced in the quarter. Of course you never like to have an outage like this, but when you do it is great to know there is an experienced group that limits the impact and gets us back to serving our customers. That is why we have such a great reputation for reliability.  Specialty plastics is next. Their story is very straight forward. Volume has recovered with the economy and their growth initiatives are beginning to pay off. Sales revenue increased 59% year-over-year due to higher sales volume and improved product mix. Volume was up 50% year-over-year and 20% sequentially and set a new quarterly record for the segment. For reference, year-over-year volume increases for competitive materials such as polycarbonate, acrylic, [ADS] and others were probably between 5-20% according to [CNAI]. We are starting to see the benefit of growth initiatives in polyesters and areas such as shrink film and handled food packaging and adoption of our new Tritan copolyester is ahead of schedule due to the product properties including higher temperature resistance and the fact it is BPA free.  Product mix improved as we had higher volumes for our cellulosic plastics for LCD screens and we are now benefiting from a recovery in this market. Operating earnings increased substantially due to the higher volumes, higher capacity utilization and improved product mix. Looking at the full-year we now expect operating earnings to be above $60 million for the year. I remind you this includes about $7 million of cost per quarter, $30 million a year of fixed costs related to Tritan capacity.  Turning next to performance polymers. Operating results for the quarter were a loss of $13 million compared to the loss of $14 million in the first quarter 2009. The slight improvement in operating results was due to higher selling prices and improved operation of the IntegRex facility which were mostly offset by higher raw material and energy costs. Looking forward to the second quarter we are continuing to focus on upgrading our commercial footprint and improving our mix of customers.  We made good progress in the first quarter and we expect this progress will be reflected in our results in the second quarter. At the same time, the PET market in North America continues to be difficult with lackluster demand and capacity being added. Taking this together we expect results in second quarter will approach break-even. Most of you have probably seen the news release we issued before the call this morning announcing were reviewing strategic actions for our performance polymer business.  We have hired Bank of America/Merrill Lynch for the strategic review and you have heard me say on many occasions that we have taken no-regrets actions to improve the performance of this business. These include improving our operational performance and upgrading our commercial footprint. We have made good progress in these areas and as a result I believe this is the right time to determine whether or not Eastman is the highest and best owner for this business. We are targeting completing this effort by the end of this year.  Turning next to regional performance. Given our very strong corporate results it is probably not a surprise that we had strong regional results. You will see that our revenue and volume growth year-over-year was strongest outside of North America. Asia revenue was up 60% with a 34% increase in volume. A favorable shift in product mix also contributed 16% to the revenue growth. The biggest contributor to the revenue growth was specialty plastics. This was a combination of cellulosic plastics for LCDs and higher volumes for Trident copolyester.  CASPI was also much stronger particularly in their specialty polymers and specialty coalescent product lines. Revenue in our European region was up 55% with volume up 28%. Strength was particularly good in the CASPI, PCI and specialty plastic segments. The improvement in product mix was due in part to revenue from the acetyl license here. Latin America revenue increased 66%, off a smaller base of course, and with this improvement largely in performance polymers.  That brings me to our guidance for the second quarter and the full-year. We are seeing clear signs of a global recovery in our volumes. We have seen it in our first quarter results and we expect it will continue in the second quarter. I would also mention that our visibility while still limited has improved slightly. Our results of the higher volumes is that our capacity utilization has improved, leading to lower unit costs. We also expect volatility in raw material and energy costs to continue.  Looking at the second quarter we expect EPS will be between $1.50 and $1.60. This outlook includes approximately another $5-10 million of residual costs for the Texas outage that will fall in the second quarter. For the year, given our first quarter results and our expectation for a strong second quarter we expect full-year earnings per share to be between $5.00 and $5.25.  Before I turn it over to Curt let me take one minute for executive spotlight. My choice this quarter is heavily influenced by two trips I have recently taken. The first trip was to Brazil where I went to Sao Paolo and [inaudible]. The second trip went around the world through Rotterdam; Zug, Switzerland; Dubai; Riyadh; Singapore; Shanghai and yes I am still a little jet lagged.  On both of these trips I was very impressed with and proud of our regional leaders. Those of you who attended our Investors Day will remember when Carlos Parodi, [Mass] and Michael Chung. These three leaders are not only quite talented but have a depth of experience in their regions. Carlos has responsibility for Mexico and everything south and many of the opportunities he and his team are working on are in Brazil, a country of tremendous potential for Eastman.  Our Europe, Middle East and Africa region just turned in a fantastic quarter and [inaudible] team is focused on continuing that success by pursuing opportunities in Eastern Europe and the Middle East. Of course they will work on integrating the Genovique acquisition in Estonia.  Finally, I take a great deal of comfort that we have someone with Michael Chungs abilities and customer contacts to head the important region of Asia. Supported by strong teams in Singapore and Shanghai, we expect continued strong growth in this region as well. Typically I would pick only one exec for the spotlight but given our international results this quarter I hope you can understand how I thought it appropriate to recognize our three regional leaders.  Now I will turn it over to Curt. 
Curt Espeland :  Thanks Jim and good morning everyone. I am going to start by reviewing our first quarter 2010 financial highlights on slide 13.  In the first quarter we used $25 million of cash in operations. This excludes the impact of adopting amended accounting guidance for the transfer of financial assets. The result for Eastman in adopting this accounting change is $200 million of receivables previously accounted for as sold and removed from the balance sheet when transferred under our receivables securitization program are now included in the balance sheet in the first quarter as trade receivables.  As a result, receivables were increased in the first quarter 2010 cash flow statement reducing cash from operations by $200 million. Aside from the adoption of this accounting guidance receivables increased $214 million due to increased sales revenue. Free cash flow for the quarter was a negative $88 million excluding the impact of adoption of the accounting guidance, reflecting the increase in working capital during the quarter. Our net debt to capital now stands at 42%, up from the end of the year namely due to adoption of amended accounting guidance.  Turning next to growth. As the global economy recovers and our volumes and capacity utilization increases we have a number of capacity additions that have and will contribute to our growth. One example is our 2009 Regalite expansion in Middelburg, Netherlands. Regalite is used in a wide variety of hot melt adhesives, polymer compounds and plastic modifications which are used in end markets such as disposable deckers. We expanded capacity by approximately 30% in 2009 alone and have increased capacity by 65% since 2006.  This expanded facility is currently running at a high rate due to strong customer demand for this product and we are considering additional expansions. Another example is the 30kmt Tritan copolyester resin facility that was completed at the end of 2009. You may recall that in addition to the resin capacity we built monomer capacity for Tritan to support 60kmt of resin capacity. You heard from Jim that adoption of Tritan is happening quicker than anticipated. As we fill out their first resin facility we will consider when to add a second 30kmt resin line to meet growing market demand for Tritan.  A third example is the 27kmt of acetate tow capacity in Korea that was completed this quarter to meet growing demand in the Asia Pacific region. We have a controlling interest in the JV that owns this facility. It represents about a 15% increase to our acetate tow capacity and while we wont see much of the benefit in 2010 as we qualify product with our customers we are well positioned for growth in 2011.  Another capacity addition for Eastman not on the slide is the acetic anhydride capacity we will market as a result of our acetyl license with Sipchem. In addition to completing the license with Sipchem in March we will now market up to 50kmt of acetic anhydride from their facility in the Middle East.  In addition to these capacity additions we are looking at a number of other opportunities for organic growth throughout the company. For example, we are evaluating an expansion of our CTA capacity for the LCD market that was postponed in 2009 due to the recession and we have a history of finding low cost and bottleneck opportunities with our manufacturing streams. Eastman is fortunate to have multiple opportunities for organic growth.  In addition to the Korean acetate tow joint venture we are also looking to grow through acquisitions. In mid-March we announced we are entering into a definitive agreement to acquire Genovique Specialties shown here on slide 15, a leading producer of non-phthalate plasticizers. Our current plasticizer product line in the PCI segment is expected to generate approximately $300 million in revenue in 2010 with roughly double digit operating margins. As a reminder, our current general purpose plasticizers are used in flexible PVC applications.  The Genovique acquisition is expected to add more than 50% to our existing revenue base with complementary specialty plasticizer product lines and is expected to have operating margins above those of our existing business. The transaction is expected to be accretive in 2010 including transaction costs.  Looking forward the compound annual growth rate for non-phthalate plasticizers in North America and Europe is expected to be approximately 7% over the next five years. Our expanded geographic footprint with manufacturing sites in Estonia and China will provide growth opportunities in emerging markets. The transaction is expected to close any time now and we will provide more details after the close.  As we have discussed in the past we are focused on four areas of emphasis with our joint venture and acquisition activities as summarized on slide 16. The Genovique acquisition is an example of how we can achieve multiple aspects of these areas of emphasis in a transaction. It has manufacturing locations in emerging geographies. Non-phthalate plasticizers are differentiated products and viewed as green and sustainable by the marketplace. And it benefits from some backward integration to basic raw materials.  As we look at additional JVA opportunities we remain focused on these four areas of emphasis. I would add the market looks more attractive to us today than it did six months ago.  Turning next to slide 17, we remain committed to returning cash to stockholders. Our last dividend payment was the 64th consecutive dividend we have paid to stockholders. In addition, in the first quarter we repurchased $20 million of shares. Our remaining authorization is $75 million and we expect to repurchase shares over the coming quarters primarily as a means to offset dilution.  Turning next to an update on our expectations for free cash flow. First, consistent with our guidance we are expecting strong business performance. We are also expecting working capital for the year to increase but consistent with our seasonal patterns it will be a source of cash in the second half of the year. Although first quarter capital expenditures were low on a historical basis, we continue to expect they will be in the $250-275 million range as expenditures ramp up for the remainder of the year. This includes spending on growth initiatives and incremental capacity additions. As you know, we remain committed to our solid dividend. The net result is we expect to generate between $200-300 million of free cash flow in 2010.  In conclusion, Eastman continues to be well positioned for growth in 2010 and beyond. EC has taken action to create value from our balance sheet with organic growth initiatives, joint ventures and acquisitions and share repurchases. We will continue to be disciplined as we implement growth initiatives to create value for stockholders.  Thanks for your attention and your interest in Eastman Chemical Company. With that I will turn it back over to Greg. 
Greg Riddle :  Thanks Curt. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we are ready for questions.  
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. 
Kevin McCarthy  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Specialty plastics looked like the best earnings since the first half of 2005. Can you talk a bit about how much Tritan is contributing to that, if at all, given the start up costs? Also, how large is the cellulosic plastics business these days for LCDs and what is your outlook there? 
Jim Rogers :  Thanks for giving me the opportunity to talk about specialty plastics. As I said before I love this business and you are finally getting to see what I get to see all along. I will take it in order. Tritan is really doing well for us and is exceeding our expectations in terms of the demand out there and it is driven by its performance characteristics as well as of course it is BPA free. Were getting good traction particularly in Asia where a lot of the products are molded. You see that in our Asia results.  You are not really seeing a positive impact on earnings. In fact the costs, as we ball parked for you are around $7-7.5 million of fixed costs a quarter. The way we look at our volume ramp up it is probably not until sometime next year that Tritan actually has a positive EFO impact. So you are seeing these results are still overcoming negative numbers for Titan as it ramps up. So that means the rest of the business is actually better than the net number you see.  One of the things the rest of that business is doing quite well now is displays. We are a little bit up the value chain from some of the other players that report who are closer to the actual flat screen maker but now it is catching up with us. So we see that continuing as well. I will say with specialty plastics we know of certain cases where some volume was pulled forward into the first half of the year so that is why I just didnt take four times the 20 and say the year will be 80. I think we ball parked it around 60. We know some of that volume got pulled forward. Overall a great story in specialty plastics. 
Kevin McCarthy  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: I think you made a comment you experienced some strength in the month of March. Can you comment on what you have seen so far in April? I know the subject of utilization rates is sometimes a difficult one to address but maybe you can talk about where you are seeing the highest utilization, or highest variances would be a better way for me to phrase it, relative to your prior expectations? 
Jim Rogers :  I can talk a little bit about monthly and also utilization rates. On the utilization rates, we started doing that when the world fell apart because we wanted to give everyone some kind of benchmark and some kind of thumbnail sketch or something they could use to just get a grasp of where we are and even based our 2012 projection of $6 and we said that was based upon getting back to full utilization rates which kind comes with the recovery rates. So it is not ideal as we talk about utilization rates. I just want to make that clear to people. One of the things you miss is that as our utilization rates go up we always have the opportunity to start upgrading our mix.  That is what we typically will do. As utilization rates get higher we will start upgrading our mix and then we will start adding capacity. So that is kind of what you ought to be expecting out of Eastman. If you just look across our streams though to give you an answer on utilization rates, acetyl is the highest as you might expect. The olefin stream of course was you might say artificially low in the first quarter because that is where the cracker outage was. Polyester would be in between. Overall for the corporation we were kind of mid 80s in the first quarter.  If I look at the months, it is not a good practice to start giving monthly results. We like to do it by quarter but we thought it was worthwhile for investors to know that the quarter ended on a strong note and I can say that is continuing into the second quarter which is what we said in our remarks. 
Kevin McCarthy  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: A clarification on the Longview outage and the acetyl license. I think you said it was about $0.15 per share on a net basis. Am I correct in understanding that it would be $0.20 on a gross basis at Longview and positive $0.05 for acetyl? Is that about right? 
Curt Espeland :  The way to look at it, just to break that $0.15 impact you had about $25 million in costs associated with the Texas facility. An additional $5-10 million you will see in the second quarter. Then revenue from the licensor was $12 million benefit. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Jason Miner  Deutsche Bank. 
Jason Miner  Deutsche Bank: As you look at some of the mix improvements that happened this quarter as demand came back I wonder if the growth might come from lower margin products? I know you said upgrading the mix as time goes on but is there a chance some of the higher margin stuff snapped back and that might be a headwind to incremental margins over the coming quarters? 
Jim Rogers :  I guess that is always a chance. We will see. I think the bigger driving force will be how successful are we with the upgrade in the mix. If you just take your choices, you are running your acetyl stream hard, your flywheel is going to be selling acid in the North American market but then to the extent you can upgrade that into other derivatives you will. That is going to have a more powerful impact.  If you get over to the olefin stream, there it is maybe more the case you are talking about where there may be a fly up in more of the commodity side. Overall we are pretty optimistic and pretty bullish that we have a good mix going. If anything I would say there is a little more risk on the margin compression in terms of just following the laws and the pricing. That is where we are paying a lot of attention and that is what we are going to be focusing on. Assuming the volumes stay strong and keep coming back to the economy which is of course a big assumption then we are really going to have our work cut out for us to make sure we do our best to having pricing following raw and energy, maintain that margin. I am a little less worried about a negative mix effect. Like I said, historically typically we will be able to work on the mix and improve the mix as the volumes come back. 
Jason Miner  Deutsche Bank: Since you touched on pricing, given you have seen raw run up somewhat early in the year do you see a headwind to margins going forward or do you think you can stay ahead of the raw material increases with pricing power next quarter? 
Jim Rogers :  We will see. We already had some of that pressure in the first quarter. So like on CASPI we got squeezed a little bit on the margins there because of that. Of course you dont typically get into individual price increases but not just us, the whole industry is trying to be fairly aggressive not to get burned this time as raw move. So putting polyester aside for a second because that is always a whole other story with the PET and paraxylenes I think the rest of our businesses are probably going to be able to do pretty well pricing versus raw and energy. 
Jason Miner  Deutsche Bank: I appreciate the walk through on all the organic growth and CapEx opportunities. Given the faster growth in Asia I wonder if there is not an opportunity to deploy the balance sheet to support some more organic growth there. Could you just talk about is there further opportunity to delve into Asia? 
Jim Rogers :  Oh yeah. I just got back from Singapore and Shanghai. I dont know how to describe it but there is a multitude of opportunities there. Things like our Tritan product are really just getting traction there. I can only imagine how good the demand and the growth for that is going to be there especially our products in CASPI. It is the exact same thing. You know what is going on. Eastman has products that give certain performance characteristics. A lot of times they save labor or higher quality and therefore as the middle class grows and they can afford say better paint, for example, they are going to do that because labor costs more to paint in 3 years versus 5 or 7 years. So they are going to use our products for better product to save labor. You can just see that happening.  The same thing switching to disposable diapers from cloth diapers, etc. I could give you a bunch of examples. I can only see good things coming for our business in Asia. 
Jason Miner  Deutsche Bank: Would you be interested in serving that from outside the region or actually building out assets in the region? 
Jim Rogers :  We are. I took that as the gist of your question. I will try to back up but if you are going to nail me down exactly. We want to do both. We would be comfortable having more assets there. The acquisitions, we have done two acquisitions that have assets in China and we would like to do more. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup. 
P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup: Currently natural gas prices are relatively low and oil prices are high. Based on that how is the profitability of your coal based production compared with that? Also, talk about your propane based propylene. 
Jim Rogers :  You are kind of seeing it arent you? That is the way it was in the first quarter and you are seeing the profitability. We are very competitive being coal-based in Tennessee. I dont care if natural gas is $4 or $8. We are still quite competitive where we are with our Tennessee operation being coal-based. I guess I would have to say the same thing about propylene. You know what is going on in the world with ethylene and propylene with propylene being made in Japan and all that kind of stuff. That is not a negative for us is really all I want to say about that. I think the proof is in the pudding. You are seeing it in our results. 
P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup: Is there a way to quantify this advantage? 
Jim Rogers :  I probably would not want to even if I could. It is an advantage. I think we demonstrate that over the years. There is probably some way you could do some R-squared going back on our results versus someone elses results but we have not tried to. 
P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup: You received $12 million in license on acetyl. Are you trying to sign more acetyl licenses like Sipchem? Can you give us your thoughts there? 
Jim Rogers :  Yes and we do have another one right now as I think I mentioned in my remarks. CTP in Taiwan where we would expect an additional payment either end of this year or beginning of next year I think for that one. We are trying to be very strategic about it. We are not just licensing anybody and everybody. We are trying to be intelligent about it. We have a game plan. We look to do one typically every couple of years. That is not a commitment or a guarantee. That is just on the acetyl side. Of course we have a licensing effort in the [oxers] and we have a licensing effort with IntegRex as well. I think about the licensing stream of income as starting to become fairly steady. You can count on a little each year but it is frankly not big enough, it is an effort that is very worthwhile to do but it is not big enough most analysts try and focus on it. 
P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup: Your volumes in CASPI PCI were up around 40%. I am trying to figure out how much of that was easy comps versus inventory build in this quarter. 
Jim Rogers :  A lot of it was easy comps. I dont know how you would kind of nail it down exactly but just look back at what you are comparing it to. I never would have thought they would be as low as they were first quarter last year so part of that huge percentage increases have to be that. I can also tell you we are trying to be very up front that some of the performance this first quarter has to be some inventory rebuild. It is hard to know how much because frankly demand came on so strong I think a lot of people are having trouble building their inventories. I know there are places where we want more inventory and we just cant catch up and get to the inventory level we want. While I know it is going on, I dont think it was a huge part of the performance this quarter. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan. 
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan: Your free cash flow estimate of $200-300 million is that before dividends or after dividends? Does that include the Genovique acquisition? 
Curt Espeland :  Our definition of free cash flow is just our operating cash flow less our capital expenditures and less our dividend. So yes, it does include the dividend. It does not include if we put that cash to work on acquisitions like Genovique. 
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan: Is the capacity utilization at Tritan 30% or below? Is it above? Where is the utilization of that? 
Jim Rogers :  It is quite low right now. So without an exact number, just to remind you we have a monomer plant at 60ktm. We did a first polymer plant that is 30kmt. It is that first polymer plant we would expect we would fill that up sometime next year. Originally it would two years to fill it up and now we are saying it will probably get filled up sometime during 2011. So that gives you a sense of how the polymer line is running as well as you see the monomer plant the big one that is running at a very low utilization rate right now. 
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan: So if I wanted to buy say a pound of Tritan polymer
Jim Rogers :  We will sign you up. 
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan: I offered you $0.75 for a pound of polymer, would you sell it to me? 
Jim Rogers :  I doubt that. 
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan: Because the offer is too high or too low? 
Jim Rogers :  That is because we dont know you. If you are asking what price we are selling the Tritan for I guess you could just call up the customer service desk. I dont have the quote and it probably depends on where you are in the world and what kind of customer you are. I can tell you the demand is great right now. It is exceeding our expectations and we are very pleased. 
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan: Lastly, with acetate to, all things being equal once you get your Korean facility working right should the operating returns of that facility or that product be similar to the operating returns of your other acetate tow operations? 
Jim Rogers :  I would say similar. What is going through my mind right now is the trade offs are the logistics of where that plant will sell. So it will sell in Asia and so it will have an advantage logistically to say a North American asset or a working asset for serving Asia. It wont have the scale we do back here in Tennessee. The flight comes from Tennessee. It is a little hard to trace through. It is going to have a good return on the asset. I would assume it is not quite as good as what we do here in Tennessee but it will be just fine. In particular it will serve our customers in Asia and that is what we wanted to do and keep them happy. 
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan: In PCI your number for the year is around $125 million. If you annualize your first quarter results I guess you get somewhere close to $150 million. From your point of view why do you expect your returns though high to ebb a little bit in the course of the year? 
Jim Rogers :  I guess for PCI and for a number of the businesses a couple of things. One we seasonally are a little heavier in the first half of the year than the second half and we are trying to reflect that historic norm. That has held true more years than not and we think it will probably hold true again this year. That is part of it. Part of it is we know of specific things that pulled sales forward from the second half to the first half, more so in plastics than in PCI. We know there were some outages in the PCI arena. Some other competitors were down the same way we were down except we have a license fee to offset ours being out. We just kind of roll all that together and say the first half of the year is going to be quite good. The second half of the year will fall off. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Sergey Vasnetsov  Barclays. 
Sergey Vasnetsov  Barclays : I want to ask you your thoughts on dividends. On slide 17 [inaudible] paid it for 16 years. However for 13 years of the 16 it was at $1.76. Even more [inaudible]. As Eastman becomes more stable and growing with free cash flow plus the PET giving you strong results and the improving economy, etc. I realize it is the boards decision but I was curious what are your thoughts on the dividend? 
Jim Rogers :  Before Curt answers the dividend let me just correct you a little bit. Our announcement said we hired a banker and we are looking at our alternatives. We will see what the best alternative is for Eastman in terms of whether we exit the business, sell the business and whatever alternatives might be out there. This isnt a case where we have to sell. I am expecting we will have strong interest but I am straight up when I say we will determine who the highest and best owner of this business is. It could very well lead to a divestiture but that is not what our statement said. I will let Curt talk to the dividend. 
Curt Espeland :  As you mentioned the board does decide our dividend policy but from the standpoint of options we look at ways to put our strategic cash to work. We talked about the four buckets across growth as well as how do we return cash to the shareholders. We do look for ways to return cash to shareholders in the most efficient way possible. Right now our dividends build is a nice solid a little over 2.6-2.7%. That still benchmarks relative to the company. We will look at different ways to return cash to shareholders but right now the dividend seems to be in a good place. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Frank Mitsch  BB&T Capital Markets. 
Frank Mitsch  BB&T Capital Markets: Back at our conference a week before the end of the quarter you put out a press release saying the Longview outage, the Longview plants are back online and the $0.20 to $0.25 negative impact will be mostly offset by better sales and margins. Obviously instead of mostly you should have used more than or way more than offset by sales and margins. What happened? 
Jim Rogers :  Thanks for pointing that out, Frank. We had two months under our belt. To be blunt we were surprised how strong March was. We also didnt know exactly how bad the cracker outage would be. We just missed it. March came in noticeably stronger than we thought. You are seeing the results of that. 
Frank Mitsch  BB&T Capital Markets: I would imagine that you get financial data more than just on a month basis, more frequently than that. Am I incorrect on that? 
Jim Rogers :  You are not incorrect. You dont really [inaudible] to a bottom line more frequently than that. We dont want guys jumping through hoops trying to grind out numbers every 5-6 days to what end. We are concentrating on making money not counting it. Cut us some slack. It is not like we were sitting on a noticeably higher number and we just said that. 
Frank Mitsch  BB&T Capital Markets: That is fine. As long as you have them jump through hoops for quarter end that is fine. I hear you there. Talking about M&A I think the comment Curt made was you are seeing a better market right now. Can you talk about orders of magnitude in terms of what you think the sort of bolt-on range that EMN is comfortable with? 
Jim Rogers :  Curt may comment on this too but when we say a better market I think we are meaning we see more opportunities. There are more things shaking loose and we are starting to get some traction with the pipeline. Lets put it that way. I am not sure the valuations look any different to us. We are still going to be just as picky as we have ever been. We really like this Genovique thing. The more we get into it and the more we see it, that one by the way I think is going to close the end of this month or so. We would love to do more like that. We would love to do some a little bit bigger than that and that means a few hundred million dollars. 
Curt Espeland :  I will just comment similar to what Jim said. Our pipeline is improving. There is a variety of opportunities we are looking at. There are different orders of magnitude. We are going to again remain choiceful and I do agree with you the Genovique transaction for an example is not only how well a transaction can be aligned with our strategy for a growth area like you are seeing with our non-phthalate plasticizers but it is also a way we can also look at financial returns and find acquisitions that are accretive even out of the gate. 
Frank Mitsch  BB&T Capital Markets:  As you talk about your strategic review, the PET business, how do we think about the linkages between that business and your specialty plastics business in terms of the difficulty you might envision should PET be no longer part of the portfolio? Could that be a stumbling block or not really? 
Jim Rogers :  I dont think that would be a stumbling block. We have obviously thought this through for a long time before we would make this announcement. We know the business is divisible. Yes specialty plastics as an individual business will have to see how it deals with its intermediate stream and capacity utilization. Of course it is growing nicely so it is one of these things where it will grow in to some of the intermediates that now go to PET. I think we can scale the business we are left with if we decide to divest PET. We can scale it such that it is not going to be a major issue for Eastman. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Andrew Feinman  Iridian Asset Management. 
Andrew Feinman  Iridian Asset Management: Do you have any friends that run other companies I can buy stock in? Friends like you? 
Jim Rogers :  I appreciate it. It is going to be interesting to see how the rest of the industry does. I tell you, we have seen a strongbut I do feel and I am not trying to be immodest but I do feel like there is a number of places where we are gaining share and in particular I think about within specialty plastics where I know we are growing faster than the polycarbonate and acrylic boys. We are keeping our heads down and doing our best. 
Andrew Feinman  Iridian Asset Management: This year your free cash flow if we include the acquisition and the dividend is something like $260-360 million. You take out the dividend of $130 million and the acquisition of around $70 million. That gives you $260-360 million. You spend some of that on buying back stock. I dont know exactly, I havent figured out how much. What do you do with the rest of that money? 
Curt Espeland :  I am not quite sure of your math but I think as it looks to, we have a good balance sheet. We have debt of roughly $1.2 billion. We have cash sitting on our balance sheet and as we have talked about before we are going to generate positive free cash flow not only this year but for the next couple of years. 
Jim Rogers :  Let me chime in. Here is what we are looking at right now. The first quarter we held the CapEx down pretty low, around $30 million or so. That is not a typical number. That was us being really tight as you would expect us to do. Now is the time as we are seeing these volumes come back we have to be really looking across the company here and deciding where do I need to add capacity and only add it in the places where you know the demand is there and it makes sense because it is better to run it close to full and be a little slow on adding capacity, especially with our company where we can upgrade the mix in our stream. So the first thing we are going to be doing with cash is making sure especially on our specialty products we dont run out of capacity. You are going to see us starting to add some capacity in some key areas.  The second thing is we are going to continue to look at the acquisitions particularly things that have an international bent or emerging markets or a sustainability bent but above all absolutely really good financials such that they are accretive. We really like the thought of adding things to the portfolio that then add additional cash flow so we can grow even faster. 
Andrew Feinman  Iridian Asset Management: You mentioned when we were talking about PET you mentioned the process would be complete by the end of this year. So I was wondering if that means that you are going to announce something by the end of this year about what your decision is or if that means the deal will be done by the end of this year whatever deal that might be? 
Jim Rogers :  We are going to have to see. We have hired the banker. We will see what the response is to our announcement. My guess is when I get back to my desk here in about 10 minutes I am going to have some phone slips on there where people are contacting me about the announcement this morning. I would expect the process will proceed at a fairly good pace. We will be able to get a feel in the next few months of who the highest and best owner of the assets are whether it is Eastman or somebody else and then we will see how fast we can get something done if that is the choice we make. I just want people to know we dont feel like there is a clock ticking on us. We are going to do the best deal possible for Eastman. We are not working against any clock. We just tried to ballpark it for people that we would expect something to happen this year. 
Andrew Feinman  Iridian Asset Management: Can we take 2012 now and move it to 2011? 
Jim Rogers :  I like the way you think but let me just back up and give the logic again. You can make your own determination. We said 2012 back at Investors Day what we did was we said we thought we could do about $6 per share when we are back to running in those low 90s, full kind of recovery level. We guestimated that recovery would be in 2012. To the extent the recovery happens faster or we reach those levels faster then yes the earnings should be there faster. But it is hard for me to guestimate how 2011 and 2012 are going to go. We just got three months out of a 12-month year under our belt so I dont want us to get too far ahead of ourselves. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan. 
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan: In your free cash flow guidance of $200-300 million why is the range so big? 
Curt Espeland :  Part of it is as Jim talked about we are three months into the year. Part of it also depends on how volumes perform in the second half of the year so we can get a feel for how much working capital changes right towards the end of the year. If sales are strong at the end of the year then we are going to have more receivables and less operating cash flow. If sales come off a little bit then we will have more cash flow. So it is mostly how working capital and how sales perform at the end of the year. 
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan: In your footnote it says this excludes the first quarter impact of the adoption of the accounting guidance on receivables. Why should we exclude that? Why shouldnt we include that? 
Curt Espeland :  I think what we are trying to show is just what is our cash flow generation potential. That $200 million of strategic cash is still available any time we want to. It is just in the form of a line of credit rather than having those receivables come back on our books. I will leave it to you whether you want to include it or exclude it. The reality is our cash flow generation and the amount of strategic cash we have to put to work is the same. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Amy Zhang  Goldman Sachs. 
Amy Zhang  Goldman Sachs: My question is really related to the specialty plastics business. Back at the last of November at Investor Day you had put out a financial target for this business by 2012 of $100-125 million on segment profit line. It [might be a perception] of being that target might be a little too [stretched] and this is a show-me story. But obviously in the first quarter you did some very good job of $21 million on the EBIT line. How do you feel about the momentum of this business and how can you convince the market this momentum you have in the first quarter is sustainable and your target on the specialty plastics business by 2012 is fully achievable? 
Jim Rogers :  We just have to put more quarters together. Very much we believe it is an achievable target. In fact we are pushing the business to see how quickly they can get there. A lot of it has to do with Tritan and if Tritan continues its momentum such that the $30 million drag we will have this year when that goes away you can just put that into the numbers as well. It is starting to get easier for people to see how we get to that $100-125 million. The strength of the core businesses is real. The shrink film, packaging film, what is going into the displays marketplace is very real. Most people dont expect that to slow down. They think that is going to continue to be quite strong. We are looking at adding capacity in this business. The real proof in the pudding again is going to come from starting to stream some quarters together for people so they can see it for themselves. 
Amy Zhang  Goldman Sachs: Can you remind us if there is any seasonality associated with this segment? Is there any significant concerns about the raw materials and obviously that one of the things people are worried about going forward? 
Jim Rogers :  There is some seasonality because there is a big chunk of the specialty plastics business that goes into packaging so in that regard typically your fourth quarter is your weakest quarter. First and second are better quarters. Maybe second and third may be the best quarters. Again, we knew specific things why this quarter was fairly strong. We pulled some customer sales forward into the first quarter but the underlying trends are solid. This is a business that is heading towards $100-125 million and because of Tritan I can easily see a path to get there as it swings from a negative to a positive.  Paraxylene is always a concern for especially plastics. It is more of a specialties business. A lot of times the pricing isnt quite as transparent. If the raw goes up you raise your price and if the raw goes down you lower your price. I think the guys are doing a noticeably better job on doing that right now and also I think the pressure some of the other competing materials are under you can kind of see how often we are winning just by looking at our volume growth. You can see we are winning when we come head to head with the other competing materials. That is something we always have to watch for. Can your pricing keep up with the raw, but right now I think we are doing a pretty good job. 
Operator:  That is all the questions we have at this time. I will turn it back over to you Mr. Riddle. 
Greg Riddle :  Thank you. Thanks again everyone for joining us this morning. An audio replay of the conference call will be available on our website this afternoon through May 3rd. Have a great day. 
Operator:  That concludes todays conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-29 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Riddle  IR Jim Rogers  President & CEO Curt Espeland  SVP and CFO
Analysts: Frank Mitsch  BB&T Capital Markets Kevin McCarthy  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Jason Miner  Deutsche Bank P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup Amy Zhang  Goldman Sachs Andrew Feinman  Iridian Asset Management
Operator: (Operator instructions) Good day and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Companys fourth quarter and year end 2009 earnings conference call. Todays conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastmans website, www.eastman.com We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle at Eastman Chemical Company Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Greg Riddle: Okay, thank you Kelly and good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today are Jim Rogers, President & CEO, and Curt Espeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin Ill cover three items. First, during this call you will hear certain forward looking statements concerning our plans and expectations for first quarter and full year 2010. Actual results could differ materially from our plans and expectations. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the Companys fourth quarter and full year 2009 financial results news release, on our website, and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the third quarter 2009 Form 10-Q and the form 10-K to be filed for 2009. Second, except when otherwise indicated, all financial measures referenced in the call and in the slides accompanying the call will be non-GAAP financial measures, such as sales revenue, operating earnings, and earnings per share that exclude restructuring related items. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the restructuring related items are available in our fourth quarter and full year 2009 financial results news release and the tables accompanying the news release. Lastly, we have posted slides that accompany our remarks for this mornings call on our website at www.investors.eastman.com. With that Ill turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Rogers: Thanks, Greg and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us. I am going to start out on slide three. We are going to begin this morning by taking a minute to read you a few of our major accomplishments in 2009 if I could. And 2009 was a difficult year in many respects with a lot of volatility. But across our company I think we really did enough standing job of handling that volatility to deliver solid results. Cash generation was a priority for us as we mentioned throughout the year, and we generated over 300 million of free cash flow. This is our best free cash for generation since the year 2000 and Curt will give you more details in just a few minutes. Our flexible cost structure enabled us to respond quickly to the recession and we reduced our cost by 200 million. This is reflected in our earnings for the year in the fourth quarter. Weve made progress on our growth initiatives, we entered into a JV with SK for adding acetate tow capacity in Korea to serve the growing demand in Asia, and a new capacity will be up in running by the end of this quarter. Weve added both new-monomo [ph] and polymer capacity for our Tritan copolyester, and were pleased with the startup there, and were able to meet the growing demand were seeing. And we also continued to expand our Regalites facility in The Netherlands, increasing capacity by 30% in 2009 to keep up with that demand. Despite the difficult global economic environment, our fiber segment delivered a record earnings year, topping a previous record they set in 2008. And we did a great job on safety, something we all (inaudible) to see that much of, but in 2009 we had our best ever OSHA recordable injuries rate, reducing injuries by 40% from 2008, building on our reputation for excellence and safety. So were well positioned to continue generating strong cash flow and to grow our core businesses. Next is an update on how we did against the corporate outlook statements we gave you both on our last call in October and during our Investor Day in November. This is something I do on each call, and my intent is to hold us accountable for the expectations we give you. First on full year EPS, we told you in November we expected this to be approximately $3.50 and this implied EPS for the fourth quarter or just over a $1.00. Excluding asset impairment and restructuring charges in both periods and other operating income in 2008, we were slightly above expectations and I will talk more about that in a minute. We also said that the cost reduction actions we have taken would be evident in our results, and they are, and on cash we told you we would build on the free cash flow we had generated through nine months including generating more than $100 million in cash from working capital for the year and we did that in the fourth quarter. Now on to the financial results for the fourth quarter. Revenue was up slightly as higher volumes more than offset lower selling prices. This is the first quarter we have seen positive year-over-year volume comparisons in two years from the fourth quarter of 2007. The design that we are beginning could be a rebound in volume which we expect will continue in 2010. Selling prices were down due to the global recession and decline in raw material and energy costs. Operating earnings increased significantly mainly due to the higher volume that I mentioned, lower costs for raw material and energy and the cost reduction actions that I talked about. Moving on to the full year comparison, sales revenue was down (inaudible) to lower prices and volumes. Prices fell largely due to lower raw material and energy costs; volumes were down due to the recession. Earnings declined, but given the severity of the recession I would say they remained pretty solid. EPS declined just under 20% which when compared with previous recessions, is a significant improvement. For example, from 2000 to 2001 our EPS declined by over 70%. The portfolio actions we have taken to strengthen our core businesses along with the cost reduction actions we took in '08 and '09 led to much improved earnings in this recession compared to the last one. Now to the segments beginning with Fibers. As many of you know Rick Johnson have led Fibers since 1996 and so hes seeing the impact that recession is going to have on this business. He calls Fibers recession-resistant but not recession-proof. And then in 2009 Fibers recession-resistant lead to new annual record of operating earnings topping last year's record, so kind of it begged the question, what's it take to be called recession-proof? Higher selling prices were offset by lower sales volume and the volume decline coming in the acetyl chemical and acetate tow product line. For tow, the decline was more in the second half of the year due to the recession and the cigarette tax increases that were implemented in the US and Europe. Looking ahead to 2010 Fibers is well positioned for another strong year, demand should begin to rebound as the global economy recovers. We also expect our acetate tow JV with SK in Korea to start up in this quarter, and there will some costs associated with that as we qualify material with our customers. So we roll it altogether, we expect 2010 earnings to be somewhat below 2009 but remain very solid. Next up is CASPI, this is another business setting record in a difficult economic environment. Fourth quarter with earnings of 77 million was the best fourth quarter ever, and this follows a record earnings as reported in the third quarter. Volume was up 15% in the fourth quarter due to the demand recovery while prices declined, as I discussed earlier. For the year, operating earnings increased as lower raw material and energy cost and cost reductions more than offset lower volumes from prices. Looking forward to 2010, they have a chance to set a new record for operating earnings above the 242 million that reported in 2007. The biggest headwinds is the higher raw material and energy cost with more than 50% of the revenue in specialty product lines, the higher cost will impact their margin. Improving volume is the biggest challenge and we think we are in the early stages of seeing that improvement assuming the economic recovery continues CASPI is set up for another strong year. Performance chemicals and intermediates is next PCI. Operating earnings improved in the fourth quarter due to lower raw material and energy cost, higher volumes and lower cost per unit due to higher capacity utilization. For the year operating earnings declined primarily due to lower prices and cost related to reconfiguration of our Texas facility during the second quarter. I would also point out that for the full year PCI earned their cost of capital and this is much different from their results in the last three sessions were in 2001 their operating earnings were only $13 million for the year. Weve talked about the actions we've taken the list of trough [ph] in this business and 2009 is evidenced that we've been successful in this sector [ph]. Looking forward in 2010, we expect raw material and energy cost to increase pressuring margins, we also expect sales volume to increase as the global economy improves. So as a result we expect PCI operating earnings to be up versus 09 approaching 100 million. Next is Specialty Plastics. With their results in the fourth quarter they now price to choose successive quarters with double-digit operating earnings. Fourth quarter earnings improved primarily due to higher sales volume and weve consistently said the key to improvement in this business is higher volumes. Fourth quarter was the third successive quarter of volume improvement for Specialty Plastics. While demand growth is still slow for the industry overall and number of copolyesters is going faster than the polycarbonate, acrylic and PVC to name a few of the things we compete against and the things were displace [ph]. For the full year operating earnings declined mainly due to lower volumes and prices driven by the recession. Looking forward to 2010, as I mentioned earlier the Tritan monomer and resin facilities were up and running and we are pleased with the startup, and with the facilities now up and running, especially plastics, will have additional fixed costs of more than $7 million per quarter, about $30 million for full year 2010. Some of that new from outside the company, some of that just re-allocated costs within the company. This all occurs if they ramp up their volumes. And despite these costs we expect operating earnings, especially plastics to be around $40 million for the year and they are well positioned to grow from there going forward. Finally performance polymers. In October, I said the fourth quarter was going to be ugly for performance polymers and it was. Loss in the quarter was due to the operational challenges we have had in South Carolina and the shut down we took to address them as well as depressed demand due to continued difficult market conditions. The full year loss was also due to the operational issues in Carolina as well as lower selling prices. Clearly we aren't happy with the results in this business, and we are taking no redirect actions to improve their performance. To remind you, we said we have two issues, operational performance and upgrading our commercial footprint in markets we serve. I think we can check the box for the operational. The shutdown in Carolina during the fourth quarter went well, and we have now demonstrated that it can run at full rate, a Class I material; that's good news. Now with the progress on that, we can now address our commercial footprint and improve our mix of customers. We expect these actions will lead to a much smaller loss sequentially and for the full year in this business. That brings me to our guidance. We are coming in the 2010 with positive momentum given our results for the last couple of quarters. We are in the early stages of volume improvement and expect that will continue as the global economy improves. While we had a headwind of about $40 million year-over-year from the reversal of extraordinary measures to reduce cost in '09, namely across the board 5% pay reductions that we then restored in December. We will continue to benefit from over 150 million of cost reduction action we've taken in other areas. And I would add that by yearend our headcount was down 2% from our Spring [ph] restructuring level, and for 2010 we expect attrition to continue to run ahead of hiring. The headwind that were already seeing here in January is higher raw material and energy costs and we expect on average for the year these costs will be higher than they were in '09. Adding all that up, we expect our first quarter EPS to be slightly above our fourth quarter EPS from $1.14, and we expect our full year 2010 EPS to be 20% above our 2009 EPS, up $3.63. On top of that, we expect revenue from an acetate tow license for PCI in the first half of the year could be first or second quarter, we'll see, and we estimated well have about $0.07 per share impact. One last point at our Investor Day in November, we made the case for why we can achieve a 20% compound annual growth rate for EPS from 2009 to a recovery, which we estimate would be in 2012. Given the results we reported in '09 and our expectations for 2010, we believe we are on track to deliver that growth. Employees throughout our company are clear on the role in delivering that EPS growth, and we are committed to making that happen. Now before I hand it over Curt, I would like to continue my practice of taking a minute to highlight one of Eastman's executive. In this quarter, I choose Norris Sneed, our Chief Administrative Officer who had been with the company for 31 years. Norris heads our Human Resource function, our Information Technology group as well as manufacturing support worldwide. He and his people are instrumental in the swift actions we took to mitigate the recessions intact over this past year. It is supported by Parker Smith in manufacturing, Keith Sturgill in IT and (inaudible) in HR and together they accomplished a lot. So if you like to cough [ph] in your achievement in 09 or just one of the leader who deserves the kit of our collective hat [ph]. Now Ill turn it over to Curt.
Curt Espeland: Thanks Jim, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for your interest in Eastman Chemical Company. I am going to start by looking at our financial highlights for the year on slide 14. Our cash from operations of $758 million represents a terrific result in a difficult environment. Working capital was a source of cash having being reduced by $118 million and this is the line of our projections from early in the year. We also generated about $125 million in positive cash flow through a change in tax accounting method to accelerate the timing of deductions for manufacturing repairs expense which we discussed in the third quarter. Our cash from operations also reflected $181 million use of cash for a pension contribution of which $150 million was made in the fourth quarter. Moving next to capital expenditures in 2009 we cut our CapEx by more than half compared with 2008. Second half 2009 capital expenditures were at a significantly lower run-rate then first half due to the completion of several growth projects. After also excluding our dividend of $128 million our free cash flow was $320 million in 2009. As Jim mentioned this is the best annual free cash flow we have generated since 2000 and is a testament to our focus on cash throughout the year. The result is that we are in a solid financial position having reduced net debt by $256 million and our net debt to cap ratio is at 35%. Turning to slide 15, as we continue to generate cash we remain committed to returning cash to stockholders. In 2009, our dividend was $128 million or $1.76 per share and our yield continues to be in the top quartile of peer companies. Weve paid a dividend year, we have been a public company and management remains committed to it. In addition, during the fourth quarter, we repurchased $21 million of shares. As result, our shares outstanding at the end of 2009 was the same as it was at the end of 2008. Going into 2010, we have $96 million remaining on our current stock authorization and remain committed to repurchasing shares over the coming quarters primarily as a means to offset dilution. We are also focused on our debt structure which remains attractive as shown on slide 16th. In the fourth quarter we improved our position with a $250 million ten-year bond at a 5.5% rate. The 5.5% rate is the best weve achieved with this tenure. The order book was six times oversubscribed and the quality of the order book was outstanding. With the success of the bond offering, we decided to put a similar amount of cash to work in the quarter, making a $150 million pension contribution and paying down a European credit facility. With this transaction we have added a nice 2019 layer to our already attractive debt ladder and we have funded debt or debt-like obligations that would otherwise have to address over the coming next few years. Looking next at cash weve put to work in our organic investments. Were beginning to see the returns from these investments we have made over the past few years. As Jim mentioned earlier, in 2009 we expanded our Regalite capacity and well see the benefit of that in the CASPI segment starting in 2010. In the fourth quarter 2008, we added acetate tow capacity in U.K. and our fiber segment continues to benefit from that investment, which is reflected in their record 2009 results. We have taken a number of actions to transform our South Carolina PET facility, and with the improved operation of this facility we expect to see their results improve significantly in 2010. And our Tritan monomer and resin manufacturing facilities were up and running as of the beginning of the year, and we have aggressive schedule for filling out that resin facility over the next two years. This would be one of the key components that will lead to improved performance especially plastics, particularly in 2011. In 2010 we are also looking at M&A opportunities with a focus on the four areas of emphasis you see listed on slide 18. One example of how we look at these opportunities is the venture we have with SK in South Korea to acquire SKs tow and other manufacturing assets and then expand the tow capacity to a total of 20,000 met tons, which is about a 15% capacity addition for Eastman. This expands our footprint in a differentiated product line in a growing region. And we expect the acquisition to be completed and the capacity online by the end of first quarter. Another example that combines two of these focus areas is the acquisition we completed a few weeks ago. We acquired a small specialty polymers manufacturing facility located near Shanghai. This is right in our sweet spot. It will support our Ensure product line in our CASPI segment. Ensure is a sustainably-advantaged cellulose ester used in the coatings for the packaging and consumables markets. We continue to explore other opportunities that also provide differentiated products and advantage feedstocks to complement our existing sustainably-advantaged product lines. Turing to some corporate items to assist with expectations for 2010, starting with depreciation and amortization, which I expect to increase to just under $290 million in 2010, as we have added some new manufacturing facilities that come online. Pension expense should be slightly higher due to the lower discount rate and historical performance of our assets mostly offset by the benefit of the pension contributions in 2009. And if we do make pension contributions in 2010 at this point I expect it will be less than $25 million. Our interest expense is expected to be higher. This is the combination of the lower capitalized interest as manufacturing facilities have come online and thus reduced our capital expenditures, and the new debt issue that Ive mentioned. The tax rate is expected to come down in 2010 to approximately 33% which is about normal for us. Remember the rate was higher in 2009 primarily because of the change during the second quarter in the tax accounting method to accelerate the timing of deductions for manufacturing repairs expense that I mentioned earlier. The reversal of the tax credit related to the Beaumont, Texas facility the project during -- which we discussed in the third quarter. Our capital expenditures for 2010 are planned to be between $250 million and $275 million. Our maintenance level is now around $200 million and we plan to spend $50 million to $75 million to untargeted growth initiatives. This growth spending will be stage relative to the underlying economic recovery and target markets. And we remain focused on optimizing maintenance capital much like we did in 2009. When I consider our expectation for earnings growth in 2010 plus these items I expect our free cash flow in 2010 will be above $100 million. This includes a build in working capital due our expectations for higher raw material and energy costs and higher sales revenue. We also expect to see a more normal working capital pattern for the year including a build in working capital in the first quarter. In conclusion, Eastman is well positioned for growth in 2010 and beyond. We are evaluating all options for creating value, organic investments, M&A share repurchases and our debt profile. We will continue to be disciplined as we approach growth as we've been demonstrative. Thanks again for your attention, and with that Ill turn it back over to Greg.
Greg Riddle: Okay. Thanks very much Curt. And this concludes our prepared remarks. Kelly, we are ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) And we will take our first question from Frank Mitsch with BB&T Capital Markets.
Frank Mitsch  BB&T Capital Markets: Good morning, gentleman.
Jim Roger: Good morning.
Curt Espeland: Good morning.
Frank Mitsch  BB&T Capital Markets: Nice end to the year. Jim, you mentioned that you were pleased with how the PET facility was operating at the end of the year. I dont think it was at that sort of level when you had the analyst day, can you tell us how long that facility has been running smoothly and why you are very confident that you are not going to have this sort of operational issues that you have in 2009 there?
Jim Rogers: Maybe I am going on that on a lame, because its not like it has been running from months at that level, but it has just recently trying to come up and demonstrated the full rate that we expected. So, all the way up to the level we wanted that I think weve talked in the past about 525,000 ton level, and it has been -- we are pretty confident that if I can do that. We fell good too that the first test quality of the product we were announced was very, very high. So, we think weve got it. Yes, the comfort level would be even higher two or three months from now when weve demonstrated we can do that when we need to do it. I realize all this stuff about the operations running well, I dont change anything about the underlying PET market and now (inaudible) that looks. But we said we were going to take things in order, the first one was operational and yes, I said that we have got the (inaudible) there.
Frank Mitsch  BB&T Capital Markets: All right, great. And then I think I just wanted to clarify, did you say that you were expecting a smaller loss in that business for 2010, so still red ink?
Curtis Espeland: Yeah, I think thats probably the best guess right now, and if you think about how that business usually plays out over the year, your second quarter is your best quarter, and I think thats in tradition almost every year. But we know the first quarter is going to be in red again. You know what's going on in that market, we had a big competitor (inaudible) on additional capacity, and we still got a lot of work to do upgrading that commercial footprint, and so if you think we push down into some of the lower value added segments of the market and we were having operational issues on the flip side, thats some opportunity now that we can try and upgrade that mix.
Frank Mitsch  BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, great, and Id like to give you the opportunity to address the decision-making between share buyback more than just offsetting dilution versus M&A opportunities out there. How are you weighing both right now to current marketplace?
Jim Rogers: Well, I mean, we are doing a little share buyback, I mean, what youd like to do is give your acquisition program a chance to see if you can latch on to some good opportunities out there. In the long-term thats the best way, in fact the only way to really grow your company is the organic and inorganic growth, buying back stock doesnt really grow your company. And if you think about long-term value creation thats probably your highest task. And so you would say that the higher priority to try and make acquisition tap and as well as, can we drive some more product launches like this Tritan product. The issue is were going to be very disciplined, Curt, can comment on this too if you want but we're not seeing as many opportunities. We are looking at a few things. They are not sizable but we're going to be patient, we dont have do an acquisition, we dont have to spend the money. We'd like to do that but its got to literally good to us if we are going to let go some of the money.
Frank Mitsch  BB&T Capital Markets: Alright, terrific. Thank you.
Jim Rogers: Yeah.
Operator: And well take our next question from Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Kevin McCarthy  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Yes, good morning.
Jim Rogers: Good morning.
Kevin McCarthy  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Jim, CASPI continue to post very strong results here. I think you had commented that you expect higher volumes but put possibly some margin pressure due to cost fear. So netting that out, what should we expect for the trend in CASPI operating income through 2010?
Jim Rogers: Ill tell you, youll love that very much. So it's -- we got to admit keeping surprise though, sometimes here to tell strong it's been. What an excellent product line, both coatings, involvements [ph], adhesives. I said in the remarks that, theyve got a shot and I think a pretty good shot of beating the $242 million record year they had before. But it's just logical to expect a little pressure on the margins, whenever you have a specialty business you dont really price off a raws directly. And so, yeah, you got a little help in the past when the raws came off and now you are getting squeezed a little bit on the margins as raws and energy had back up. So thats kind of why we still out here. That is the logical expectation, but we do still see volume growth particularly around the world and the regions. And they look at how it plays off. I imagined you will have a pretty strong start for the year and then well just see how the key forces play out, the volumes that are back and pressure on spread.
Kevin McCarthy  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then a financial question if I may. Your net debt picked up only if $38 million having injected $150 million in to the pension plan and with the improvement in EBITDA your net debt to EBITDA is just about one times right now. And Jim I know earlier in your career you used to running much, much different balance sheets. I am not suggesting you want to return to that territory, but perhaps if you could comment on what you would view as the optimal leverage for Eastmans balance sheet in over the next year or two assuming an expansionary economy?
Jim Rogers:
 :
Curt Espeland:
 :
 :
Kevin McCarthy  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Jeff Zekauskas with JP Morgan.
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan: Hi, good morning.
Jim Rogers: Good morning.
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan: A couple of things, in the cash flow statements you had a benefit from differed income taxes of 185 for the 12 months?
Jim Rogers: Correct.
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan: If you have to pay that out relatively soon or do you hold on to some of that?
Jim Rogers: We will hold on some of that. What that really reflects is two things, one is that tax project that I mentioned earlier. And what you get is, you get the benefit of that program going forward. Now overtime, if that lowers your depreciation expense for tax purposes, but you continue to use that same philosophy as you look at your maintenance costs in 2010 and beyond and then the second factor is just the impact of your pension contribution. And so, right now we dont expect a large pension contribution in 2010, so you wouldnt get that benefit in 2010, but you will have future pension contributions that will, as you know, are very tax efficient use of cash.
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan: So will you have a differed tax, use of cash next year, and if you do how much?
Curtis Espeland: Right now what Ive challenged our tax department is to continue to see a slight deferred tax benefit in 2010. We'll see how successful they are but our target is not to have any significant cash flow, outflow of that deferred tax item.
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan: Okay. And in terms of the assets impairment charge, the 179, so does that reflect spending that was done in the past that  179 million worth, thats now written down?
Curtis Espeland: Thats correct. That represents a cash that was spent in 2009 and prior to this decision.
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan: Okay. And what was that exactly spent on?
Curtis Espeland: Well, its  the more we spend it on was a combination, we purchased some land, we purchased some assets from Terra, the methanol assets and ammonia assets. It relates to some speed work that weve been working on to design that project, engineering work and the like. So its those kinds of items, and now we have a team looking at trying to monetize as best we can on those investments. There has been a variety of people who have expressed interest in it, so we're going to run a diligent process to do with that assets.
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan: And then lastly in CASPI I think you guys were up 45 million in EBIT, so if you had to break that up into two pieces, say raw materials and cost reduction, how would you do that?
Curtis Espeland: I dont know if I want to get into that business by business, Jeff, I mean, we kind of size the cost reductions for you across the whole company. I think in Investors Day, we said wed expect to hold on to 100 pretty much in the bank, and that there is another 50 to 60 that probably moves up and down with volume. Were probably going to do a little bit better than that 100 in terms of what we hold on to, and mainly because of the nevertheless attrition run ahead of hiring, so labor cost will be a little better than may be we thought when we said that. And CASPI gets its fair share of that in terms of cost improvements on a typical allocation basis. And then the rest would really be spread.
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: And well take our next question from Jason Miner with Deutsche Bank.
Jason Miner  Deutsche Bank: Thank you, good morning.
Jim Rogers: Good morning.
Jason Miner  Deutsche Bank: On the PET and the IntegRex, now that youve seen it run even if for a short time, I wonder if you guys would mind revisiting the economic advantages that you think it has where it sits on the cost curve and what your expectations are, even if the markets is tough?
Jim Rogers: Yeah, none of thats changed. We are over there on the left side of the cost curve, the advantage side of the cost curve and it's mainly driven not just by the lower capital to get the capacity which is significant. But also just the lower energy it takes to make the product its advantage in a number of ways that, thats builds up to a nice sustainability story. So this very strong product, thats a product that comes out of the IntegRex process is just an excellent product in terms of the sustainability story admittedly selling in to a really dodging market. So Ill just give you one example. We've recently gotten in to the Wal-Mart supply chain where there some of their private label product with this (inaudible), and one of the main reasons is -- its very much supports the sustainability store. So, yeah, it's delivering what we would want. The market easily is bad or worse than we ever though it would be.
Jason Miner  Deutsche Bank: Sure, just if I can press a little, I think back in 06 we discussed maybe half the cash cost. Do you guys have any estimate of what sort of difference between can sort of conventional PET and IntegRex cash costs side?
Jim Rogers: Well, I would say, I mean, Curt, my number is (inaudible) would you kind of confirm this?
Curt Espeland: Yes. I think we are still in that same ballpark of what we expected several years ago, no doubt.
Jason Miner  Deutsche Bank: Okay. Its helpful. And then just a little bigger picture, yesterday we talked -- I think you guys suggested EPS recovery to be $6.00 plus and gave some details of the pieces. The comments you made this morning suggest a stronger outlook for 2010 and possibly 2012, so, has your view of recovery EPS improved, and could you just touch on maybe what elements have improved?
Jim Rogers: Yes, that's little tricky, because what we said when we tried to ballpark it for folks so that they could look a little longer than one year is expectations is six bucks after core business when you are back to the kind of the rates pre-recession rates. So that implied a volume level and implied capacity utilization probably in the low 90s. And so, part of whats going through my mind is how much of this is the volume coming back a little faster, and maybe we were thinking in terms of fourth quarter stayed a little bit stronger et cetera, and how much of it is the businesses are just performing better, and in particular the mix of products in places like CASPI and just the acceptance of some of our specialty products and how well are they doing competing with other materials. So, I guess, thats really hard for me to break out. I wouldnt want people to go wildly optimistic and start moving along right to six bucks, just on the back of one quarter they came in. But, yes, we raised guidance slightly, didnt we I mean last just November we were saying 20% higher than 350 now we are seeing 20% higher than 363. So it seems to me like we are holding onto the gain to getting, I would call them more margin although, in terms of the six bucks if you were going to move north of six bucks, it would be in terms of gaining. The big upside is remember that its how -- why did you spend that cash we are sitting on plus the free cash flow generation we're going to have of for these businesses, thats what going to push you well above six bucks, but thats what we do have to prove.
Jason Miner  Deutsche Bank: Okay, thats very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: (Operator instructions) We'll go ahead and take our next question from P. J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup: Yes, hi, good morning.
Jim Rogers: Good morning P. J.
P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup:
, :
 :
Jim Rogers: Quality of our products and market position and growth being positioned in the right parts of the world, taking advantage of the Asia growth market. We sell within very, very savvy customers. So they are looking at everything, they are looking at the currency movement, remember our cost are pretty much based in dollars, others can be in other cost around the world. So its not that simple as just as a handful of suppliers because its often just a handful of big buyers. And yes, its a good marketplace but we sell a quality product, we compete very well, and we compete on things other than price, P. J. We dont often get to talk much about it. But I got to believe we have some of the best customer service, technical service. We help our customers (inaudible) very, very well, and we work very closely with them to give them exactly what they need. I mean they are in a big cash business, and little things make a huge difference to them. So just helping them run their plants well, making the product work in their machine, thats really key to us holding on to the value we create in that business.
P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup: Okay, thank you for that. And in PET, is that anything that is going on in that business that leads you to believe that the secular growth of PET market has slowed down?
Jim Rogers: Yeah. I think thats what we say up there, I mean -- I am pausing because I am thinking, I remember with such confident eight, 10 years ago we talked about how faster PET market places is growing, it's growing double-digit. Well then it was growing high-single digits, kind of mid-single digits and now recently in this downturn I think we saw it flat and may be even off a little bit. So, yeah, I think the high growth days are behind it unless there is somewhat a breakthrough at least where the product has, I think it's going to starts slowing down. I still wanted to -- I think it's safe to say if you look longer term it has this good growth trajectory as most of the major chemical. The issue is that the barriers, the entry is so low that margins will stay under pressure.
P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup: If you take out the recession impact, what do you think is the secular growth rate now?
Jim Rogers: I dont spend a lot of time thinking about it, honestly P.J. I am interested in North America, I am interested in a specific products we make mainly polyester [ph]. We have a sustainability store in and all I am thinking about right now is not the underlying market growth, I am thinking about how do we upgrade our position in the market. So thats going to have a huge impact versus whether be underlying market growth grows at 3% or 5% or 6%. I mean it's going to be some kind of -- if you know better than me but it's going to be some kind of mid-single digit types rate for the foreseeable future. I think when you think globally but again our -- where our head is -- our head is we got to upgrade our commercial footprint in market segments we sell in to and thats the best way to create value. And thats the next step in the path we are on with our PET business.
P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup: Any thoughts Jim on disposing of US PET business?
Jim Rogers: Any thoughts of disposing ofof the PET business?
P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup: North American PET, yes.
Jim Rogers: Yeah, I mean what weve said P.J. I think it really hasnt changed. We are fairly consistent. We have a game plan. Number one game plan was to get the operational issues behind us, I mean I am all about creating the value in that we got there in the key business. So I feel like that one would pretty much done on, and you know, you go with your surprise, but right now I feel its pretty good on operation. The next one. I dont want to underestimate the challenge of upgrading into better segments within the PET world. So, instead of being in a sheet, you want to be more in carbonated soft drinks. For example, with your new products and that -- there is some work involved there and there are some time.  And I think the real test, P.J. is going to come in the second quarter to see just how much our guys have been able to do about demonstrating to the markets that we got our act together now and we deserve out there a piece of those higher segment -- higher value segment. So, we are going to look at the second quarter; we are going to get the through the second quarter and see how we do. And then we will take a look and what we said all along is what we should do for, frankly, any business is to make sure you are highest and best owner of the business. And, but, right now (inaudible) has all around creating value and what can we do to improve that commercial footprint.
P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Amy Zhang with Goldman Sachs.
Amy Zhang  Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Good morning.
Jim Rogers: Good morning, Amy.
Amy Zhang  Goldman Sachs: My first question is one of your major competitors signed a MOU with China to expand acetate flake and tow capacity, and hopefully in the next several years so, you are expanding capacity in South Korea and has supplied tow to supply to China, so whats your view on the market supply demand balance in the medium term, and any potential impact from that potential capacity expansion from your competitors margin profile going forward?
Jim Roger: Its a good question and its -- I guess I would start of by saying we are not surprised. I think we understand this market price extremely well. We know the history of expansions. We know the history of growth in the market in Asia, and we think its fairly well thought out, fairly disciplined marketplace. So we've added capacity in Korea, not just China but to serve Asia. Taiwanese is adding capacity in China again. They had done it before, expected. We dont see major disruption in the marketplace. We think the market will absorb that and may or may not be the last expansion. So there may be more to come from various players including ourselves in terms of meeting the demand in the growing parts of the world.
Amy Zhang  Goldman Sachs: Thank you, and then my second question is, the fact that raw materials cost inflation 2010 it came for a little bit more, color and the magnitude of the cost increase for major segments. And also you have announced a series of award-based pricing actions since last July and August. But (inaudible) showed some of your major customers particularly on the painting coatings side expect a very modest input of cost pressure on their side in the coming quarters. Can you comment on the progress you have made on the pricing, Im trying to know so what's your confidence level to gain for their pricing traction going forward, what are your major customers?
Jim Rogers: Well, thats kind of what we were referring to when we said we expect to have some pressure on margins. When you look at some of our specialty products like the things that go into coatings, there may be some margin compression here, and thats where that we think we're going to more than make up for in volume. Thats why we say we think CASPI can have a record year this year in 2010, but there is no doubt that the more special the products, the more likely you are to not be able to pass one raw material increases in price just as, you can be a little sticky when it goes to the other way.  When you get to the more commodity products, thats where the -- best way to handle that is with price and thats what the market expects. They have transparency. They look through to your raw material. So you kind of have to take a specialty versus commodity. When it comes to the magnitude of the move, Ill just give you; let me give you an anecdotal example as to why it's so hard to call. So we start the year propane it's about 10 and now we used propane feedstock for our access stream particularly down in Texas. We've seen it's higher but this adjustment in the month of January now. We've seen this high 1.45, I think last time I looked at 1.35 but admittedly [ph] January can be a volatile month because of the winter. But it's logical to expect raw materials and energy to move up and it's logical to expect a little bit of a squeeze which is what youre finding [ph] on the specialty products like in the coatings on the margins. But overall, we kind of gave our guidance balancing the volumes as well as that expected squeeze because of the raw materials moving up. I cant put a hard -- I cant say several hundred million or something like that '09 to 2010, and well just have to see how volatile it gets.
Amy Zhang  Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Very helpful.
Operator: And well take our next question with Andrew Feinman with Iridian Asset Management.
Andrew Feinman  Iridian Asset Management: Thanks.
Jim Rogers: Andrew.
Andrew Feinman  Iridian Asset Management: Yeah. So could you tell me how much pension expense was this year?
Curt Espeland: Pension expense this year I think its going to around below 40s. So I think 42 or 43 Andrew is what we expect this year.
Andrew Feinman  Iridian Asset Management: What I meant, I am sorry when I said this year, still a little bit behind was 2009. What was it for the previous, for the year that it was 181 million in funding, what was the expense number?
Curt Espeland: The expense in 2009 is going to be roughly $42 million as I think --
Andrew Feinman  Iridian Asset Management: Okay. And can you please repeat what you said about the license you expect to sign this year because I --
Jim Rogers: Thanks, Andy because its not signed this year. What is it thats a license that we wrote earlier; its actually the (inaudible) license that we wrote earlier and this would be the final payment as their plant gets up and running and its -- but it refers to a license that weve signed a few years ago. Its just that final payment will come in. We havent had the revenue recognition of that yet, and that's when we will see whether it happens in the first or second quarter depending on when they meet (inaudible).
Andrew Feinman  Iridian Asset Management: So, there is still a possibility for you to sign the MOU this year, I mean you are working on it?
Jim Rogers: Yes, we are always working on the licensing, I mean, if you think about -- the market tends to look at stuff like that as a one option, its kind of go well, its just, you know, its a one-time thing, but year in and year out we have these one-time licensing deals either on the asset [ph] side or the asset deal side, and I look at it as a source of revenue, its not huge. We got a small licensing group, they more than pay their way, I mean, its a well run shop and just kind of count on them -- used to come in when they do. So in the first half of this year we are looking at probably an extra $0.07 on top of the numbers we told you from licensing.
Andrew Feinman  Iridian Asset Management: Okay. And I have one more thing. You said that regarding the $6, the extent to which you get above that depends on the free cash flow and what you do with it, but I just want to review real quickly when you gave that outlook, that target for 2012, for the segments you gave a range for each one, so for instance cash due is 250 to 300, and PCI was a 100 to 150, and I'll tell you rest of them. So when you add those ranges in the low-end, you get $6; at the high-end you get $7.60 earnings per share. So I understand that it's very unusual for all businesses to hit on all cylinders in exactly the same year. But in the unlikely event if that was to occur and you get to the high end of the range in each businesses then the potential earnings that exists is more like $7.50, not $6. Am I doing the math right?
Curtis Espeland: Yeah, Andy, the math is that the math is. So yeah we give you an EFO range if everything could peak out. We're just trying to be realistic, Andy, and you said its just the offering what the odds everything clicks at the same time, and if does, for how does it do it? And so we did our best shot, we took our best shot at giving you ranges for each of the businesses, if things are really clucked in for them what would the high-end be, maybe what the more excepted level would be, what gets you to the six bucks.
Andrew Feinman  Iridian Asset Management: Okay, well, I just wanted to make sure that all my --
Curtis Espeland: No, you're not missing anything.
Andrew Feinman  Iridian Asset Management: All the other analysts were doing the math.
Curtis Espeland: Right.
Andrew Feinman  Iridian Asset Management: Thanks.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take a follow-up question from Amy Zhang with Goldman Sachs.
Amy Zhang  Goldman Sachs: Thanks for taking my follow-up question. One very quick, so the 2012, the EPS numbers were at $6 or $7, $7.50. Do you think thats a peak earning power or it is just more like recover your earning power?
Curtis Espeland: No, I would not call it peak. I mean for example that didnt have PCI hitting the peak of its cycle. I mean I guess, and when I say I wouldnt call it peak, I'm working of the $6. So, I love the way Andy looks at the math but again we try to be realistic on how we see things are coming together and what's like to be come together at the same time. So, but I certainly wouldn't call it the peak. If I am working off, I trough [ph] and then what most would say -- it was a pretty rough year. We should go back to the 30s. I am working on the trough [ph] of -- in the 350. When we can fill up these core businesses and then I really do expect to create quite a bit of value of 100's of millions we have in our balance sheet plus the free cash flow we should generate between now and then. It shouldn't stop at six bucks but we just try to pick a point in time that would have some credibility. If I start talking about 2015 or whatever that's -- I don't think that's going to be all that credible, but I don't see any reason why it just peaked out.
Amy Zhang  Goldman Sachs: Okay, sure, Jim that's very helpful answers in case I think the Michael [ph] has some misperception about your 2012 EPS, a lot of people I heard they talk about faster year for your peak earning power, which I personally don't agree. Thanks for the clarification.
Jim Rogers: I agree with you Amy. 2012 (inaudible) to us. Thank you.
Amy Zhang  Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions. Thank you. At this time, I like to turn the conference over to back over to Mr. Riddle for any additional or closing remarks.
Greg Riddle: Okay, thanks Kelly. Thank you, everyone for joining us this morning. An audio replay of the conference call will be available on our website this afternoon and will be available through February 8. Have a great day.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-23 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Riddle - Investor Relations Jim Rogers  CEO Curt Espeland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer [Anena Tesh] - Investor Relations
Analysts: Jason Miner  Deutsche Bank Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan Kevin McCarthy  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup Frank Mitsch  BB&T Capital Markets
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company Investor Relations. 
Greg Riddle: On the call with me today are Jim Rogers, President & CEO, Curt Espeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Anena Tesh, from Investor Relations Department. Before we begin Ill cover three items. First, we posted the slides that accompany our remarks for this mornings call on our website at www.Eastman.com in the Investor section. Second, during this call you will hear certain forward looking statements concerning our plans and expectations for fourth quarter 2009. Actual results could differ materially from our plans and expectations. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the companys third 2009 financial results news release on our website and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for second quarter 2009 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for third quarter 2009. Lastly, except when otherwise indicated, all financial measures referenced in the call and in the slides accompanying the call will be non-GAAP financial measures, such as sales revenue, operating earnings, and earnings per share that exclude restructuring related and other items. Our reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures, including a description of the restructuring related and other items, are available in our third quarter 2009 financial results news release and the tables accompanying that news release. With that Ill turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Rogers: Im going to start out on slide three. By looking at the outlook statements we made on our last call on July an accountability check if you will. In July we told you we expected third quarter EPS would be approximately $1.10 and in September Curt updated our guidance to above $1.10 and we came in at $1.38, above our own expectations off the strength of our CASPI and Fibers Segments. Next we told you we expected for the full year that our EPS would be slightly above $3.00 and with our fourth quarter guidance you can see we expect to be solidly above $3.00. We told you we expected the cost reduction actions weve taken would be evident in our results and they clearly are. We also told you we expected to generate greater then $200 million in free cash flow for the year and on this one we have greatly exceeded our expectations as Curt will discuss. I can tell you it didnt feel over conservative when we gave the guidance in July given the poor visibility we all had. If youre going to miss we missed in the right direction. All I can say is we do our best to call it as best we see it. Obviously its been difficult to do so in the current environment. Moving next to our corporate results starting with sales volume. We were down 4% year over year after excluding contract Ethylene and polymer intermediate sales from third quarter 08 and sequentially we were up about 5%. As a result, our capacity utilization for the quarter was just over 80%. Customer demand is not quite back to where we were last year but we are making progress.  Next you can see that pricing was down 18% year over year, this is the result of lower raw material and energy costs particularly for propane, parazone and natural gas which were down between 30% and 70%. The decline was greatest in our more commodity businesses such as performance polymers and PCI but we were able to hang on to pricing better in our Fibers, CASPI and specialty plastics segments. Now for earnings, our operating earnings improved both year over year and sequentially. Our gross margin was about 25% for the third quarter while our operating margin was just under 15%. Earnings and margins benefited from the lower raw material and energy costs that I mentioned. The cost reduction actions that weve taken and a more favorable company product mix. Also our EPS of $1.38 included a tax hit of $0.16 which Curt will talk about later. This was a strong quarter for us under difficult conditions and Id say we were pleasantly surprised by the strength of our specialty products. Turning next to the segments, beginning with Fibers. Sales volume declined year over year primarily due to acetyl chemicals but earnings remained strong due to higher selling prices and cost reduction actions. Looking to the fourth quarter we expect earnings to be down somewhat compared with the record third quarter levels. This is due to customer buying patterns for acetate tow in China and slightly lower global demand for acetate tow due to the recession. Now for CASPI on slide six. CASPI was hitting on all cylinders in the third quarter and as a result this was a record quarter. While volume and price were down year over year they were both up sequentially. Product mix also improved sequentially. Operating earnings improved substantially due to a number of factors. First of all their businesses are performing well at the same time across coatings and adhesives, all of them. CASPI also benefited from lower raw material and energy costs and cost reduction actions.  In addition, we are see the benefit of the actions weve taken over the last several years to improve this business. Looking forward to fourth quarter we expect operating earnings to be down from the very strong third quarter levels as volumes decline due to seasonality and the raw material and energy costs increase. PCI is next on slide seven. In July I talked about this business improving in the third quarter versus the second and they delivered. Sequentially volume improved and selling prices increased slightly while year over year sales revenue declined due to lower selling prices which reflected lower raw material and energy costs. Operating earnings improved sequentially due to higher volumes and lower raw material and energy costs. Year over year operating earnings declined primarily due to the lower selling prices.  Looking forward to the fourth quarter, we expect earnings to decline slightly sequentially due to seasonality and higher raw material costs. Lastly on PCI I would point out that they are now positioned to deliver operating earnings in the mid $60s for the full year and this is a lot better then the earnings they had in the 01-03 timeframe if you remember that recession despite this recession being more severe. This improved earnings level is a testament to the actions weve taken to improve the profitability of this business. One other note, earlier this month Ron Lindsay and I traveled to Saudi Arabia and we had a chance to meet with the Sipcam team and some our Eastman employees who are working there with them. I can tell you were looking forward to the off take of 50,000 net tons of acidic and hydride from this facility which we expect to place into Europe and Asia. We also had the chance to meet with a number of other people while there. We were encouraged that there are a number of potential opportunities and partners for a company like Eastman. A good trip overall. Specialty Plastics is next up on slide eight. Looking year over year volume declined due to the global recession. Our decline is generally in line we think with what we are seeing for competitive products such as polycarbonate and acrylics. We did see an improvement sequentially in our volumes. Pricing declined year over year due to lower raw material and energy costs particularly for paraxylene.  Despite the drop in volume and price, operating earnings improved due to the lower raw material costs and cost reduction actions. Looking to the fourth quarter we expect seasonality to result in lower volume and as a result expect earnings to be slightly lower sequentially. Turning next to Performance Polymers on slide nine. Sales revenue declined year over year due to lower selling prices which were largely the result of lower paraxylene prices. Operating results decline to the lower selling prices and continuing operational challenges with our IntegRex-based PET manufacturing facility. Looking forward to the fourth quarter while we have made progress identifying and resolving operational issues with our IntegRex asset we have more work to do.  As a result, we will have a shut down in the fourth quarter to make additional improvements that we expect will get this asset operating like we know it can. During the quarter well also be impacted by the volatility of paraxylene costs which declined by approximately 20% in October from September and as you would expect this has led to domestic customers de-stocking PET in anticipation of lower prices. Its also causing some margin pressure for us as higher cost paraxylene is still in our system is working its way through. As a result, we expect fourth quarter results to be significantly below third quarter. Slide 10. Now for some comments on our outlook for fourth quarter overall. We expect to continue to benefit from the favorable company product mix we saw in the third quarter as well as the cost reduction actions weve taken. However, well face some headwinds from volatile raw material and energy costs and the normal seasonality which we expect will lead to lower volume. On raw material costs, propane is already up 10% in the month of October and as I mentioned earlier paraxylene was down 20% in October compared to September. Both of these, believe it or not, compress your margin. As I mentioned a minute ago, we are also expect a very challenging, one might even say ugly, fourth quarter for performance polymers and the industry as a whole. The result is that we are expecting our EPS to decline sequentially but to be slightly above the high end of the current range of analysts estimates on First Call which is $0.85. Before I turn it over to Curt its time for me to continue to practice of highlighting one of Eastmans executives who had an exceptional quarter. Given the results for Specialty Plastics and especially CASPI the choice was easy, Mark Costa. When I reorganized the management team in May I thought that Marks monitor consulting background and marketing expertise could add significant value to specialty businesses like CASPI and Specialty Plastics and I havent been disappointed.  Mark also leads our marketing and innovation groups, is a key player in our sustainability efforts and has a passion for driving profitable growth in the company. Mark consistently gives the credit to his strong team so he would want me to shine the spotlight on [Dante Rudstrom] our VP GM of Specialty Plastics and [Brad Lick], VP GM of CASPI. Together they have build a strong team where I believe we have the right players in the right positions and you are just beginning to see the results of what they can accomplish. Of course I know whats going through their minds as they listen to this, what are we going to do for an encore.  With that Ill turn it over to Curt.
Curt Espeland: While we had strong earnings in the third quarter you can see on slide 12 we also had great cash generation. Our cash from operations was $331 million for the quarter. This starts with strong net earnings, we also benefited from continued reductions in net working capital and we benefited by over $100 million from a combination of a refund of previously paid taxes and lower estimated tax payments. This is related to the change in accounting methodology used for Federal Tax purposes to accelerate the timely deductions for manufacturing repairs that I mentioned on the call in July. Moving down the cash flow statement, you can see that our capital expenditures were $64 million for the quarter down from $153 million in third quarter 2008. This is consistent with our expected sequential declines in capital expenditures during 2009. After our dividend free cash flow was $235 million for the quarter which is really an outstanding performance. Through nine months our free cash flow now stands at $304 million which is above the $200 million full year 2009 free cash flow objective I previously discussed. This op performance has been achieved through our focus on cash throughout the company and we, quite simply, underestimated the impact and speed of the actions we have been taking including reductions in working capital. Turning next to slide 13, reductions in working capital remain a high priority. Back in March, as part of our free cash flow objective, we committed to generate $100 million in cash from working capital. As you can see, we remained very disciplined in the third quarter. At the end of the first half of the year our inventories were at historically low levels. I expected there would be a build in the third quarter but it was less then anticipated. Thus we have, in essence, achieved our goal. Looking at the fourth quarter we expect to maintain the progress we have made on generating cash from working capital. Moving next to income taxes. The third quarter effective tax rate was 40%. During the quarter we completed the front end engineering and design package for the Beaumont, Texas industrial gasification project. It included higher then expected costs and a later estimated project completion date. While we continue to believe in the long term arbitrage between solid and liquid hydrocarbons there continues to be current legislative and other uncertainties for the project. The result is a $12 million impact when the reversal of previously recognized investment tax credit related to the project. Without the reversal the effective tax rate would have been 33%. Since I get this question from investors periodically let me tell you there is $230 million of assets on our balance sheet in the form of capitalized engineering costs, purchased land, acquired assets and technology, etc. I also wanted to remind you that we continue to look at this project as an attractive opportunity that is unique to Eastman. However, we need a few things to move in our direction before going forward. Through nine months our effective tax rate is at 39%. This included the ITC reversal which I just mentioned and a $7 million elimination of domestic manufacturing credits related to the manufacturing repairs change again as discussed in the second quarter. Without these two items the effective tax rate would have been 33%. Looking forward to the fourth quarter we expect our effective tax rate will be approximately 35%. An update on our cash priorities is next on slide 15. First, as I previously mentioned, we expect to maintain the progress we have made this year and therefore generate $100 million from working capital. Next, on capital expenditures fourth quarter will be below third quarter and more like maintenance capital levels. As a result, capital expenditures will be approximately $320 million for the year. Looking at free cash flow, we expect in the fourth quarter to build on the $300 million of free cash flow we generated so far this year.  On pension contributions, so far in 2009 we have contributed $35 million to our pension plans. In the fourth quarter we are evaluating the benefits of making an additional contribution. If we were to make such contribution it would likely take us above $50 million which was the high end of the range we had previously communicated. On slide 16 Ill just take a minute to remind you of the great financial position we are currently in. We have a little less than $1.5 billion of total debt. Our cash on the balance sheet as of the end of the quarter was $668 million and that will likely increase in the fourth quarter. Our net debt stands at $773 million with a net debt to total capital ratio of 32%. We have a committed and un-drawn $700 million revolver substantially available to us well into 2013. We are in a very strong position from a liquidity standpoint and getting stronger as the year goes on. With our strong balance sheet and potential for cash generation we are very well positioned for growth going forward. We continue to believe that deploying our cash in a value creating way will differentiate us and we are continuing to evaluate all options. There is still a premium on cash in the current environment thus well remain disciplined as we pursue growth initiatives. As we grow we remain committed to maintaining our current investment grade credit rating. Lastly, I am pleased to invite you to our investor day on Tuesday, November 17, in New York. Well update you on our strategy for growth and how we will use our strategic cash to create shareholder value. If you havent already done so please go to www.Eastman.com to RSVP.  With that Ill turn it back over to Greg.
Greg Riddle: That concludes our prepared remarks. Please get the queue ready for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jason Miner  Deutsche Bank
Jason Miner  Deutsche Bank: On some of the savings I wonder how much will full year 09 earnings benefit from the 5% cut you guys made to salaries? Conversely maybe asked another way, how much would it add back costs if salaries across the board went back to 08 levels?
Jim Rogers: We just happened to have been looking at that subject. We did take some extraordinary actions this year and I think we did it fairly quickly. I think we did it at the right level. I love our culture that we had the option of doing something like a pay reduction instead of having to let a lot more people go, people who actually contribute value and do meaningful work. Its my setup to say that. I believe we did the right thing. You dont have all the one time charges when you do a pay reduction.  There was $200 million of savings there and actually how it feeds into the year and how much of it we go during the year that was more of an annualized number. We would have had most of that in this year. As I look going forward you cant keep those extraordinary measures forever so I would expect its quite likely we will be reversing some of those extraordinary measures including the pay reduction around year end. Were still waiting to get a little more visibility into the fourth quarter and next year before we make a final decision.  As we look at that and maybe a couple other things thats probably $40 million on an annual run rate that if you roll it all together that you would expect to put back in place. I would guess theres another $50 to $60 million and thats just a ballpark of savings that are tied more to volumes. When the volume comes back you would hire back the contractors, etc. You have to lighten up a little bit on some of the spending constraints because eventually people have got to travel youve got to let them spend a little bit of money. Theres at least a good solid $100 million that sticks to your ribs going forward. The other thing Id say is we dont talk a lot about it but were trying to continue to be very disciplined so since that reduction in force we had in the spring weve allowed attrition to run ahead of hiring almost at a ratio of 10:1 such that by end of year Id expect well be down another 2% in our headcount which again youre not paying any severance charges, were very conscious of cash but you are reducing your ongoing costs. I guess that wraps up how were looking at the cost savings we obtained and what we have to overcome as we move from 09 to 2010.
Jason Miner  Deutsche Bank: Lets shift gears into tow. Some have reported some volume drops in cigarettes recently. With some new capacity coming on in Korea I wonder if you could characterize for us the current situation and outlook for utilization rates in the industry for tow.
Jim Rogers: Since its our new capacity thats coming on in Korea I guess we ought to have a handle on this one too. Great industry, certainly not impacted to the extent all the other businesses were by the recession but it was impacted. People did trade down on brands etc. around the world, the tax increases we had which have impacted smoking in particular in the States. Good news there is the States is a fairly small part of the world filter tow market. To come to it, we expect utilization rates next year will be less then the utilization rate were this year.
Jason Miner  Deutsche Bank: Let me shift to Beaumont, I wanted to ask I know wed spoken about loan guarantees possibly earlier in the year. If Beaumont has slowed down is there still a potential for government loan guarantees to help in that project in the long run you think or do we miss that window?
Jim Rogers: No we have not missed that window. That is still on our agenda and we think were still in the right place in line, lets put it that way, for those. Bigger issue is all the other building blocks that have to come together before you can start thinking about going forward with the gasification project and weve listed those in the past in terms of the capital costs where energy prices are, how much government incentives do you get.  Weve also said that if we go forward wed like to go forward with a partner, its a big project. There are so many things that are not in place today. The mode were in right now is to hold those costs down to a minimal amount to keep the option alive as we continue to review how we feel about that project and the chances of it happening any time soon.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan: On your taxes, do your book taxes and your cash taxes more or less match each other with a small delay or is there now a difference in what youre paying versus what youre reporting?
Curt Espeland: If you look at 2009 its definitely where our current taxes and our deferred taxes have a different view and thats primarily due to the project weve talked about our tax project. As we go back into next year our tax department will still continue to look at all ways to impact cash and minimize tax payments but it will probably be more normalized going forward. We are looking for advantaged ways to impact our cash.
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan: This year whats the difference in very rough terms between your cash taxes and your book taxes?
Curt Espeland: If you look on the cash flow statement Id say youd see that difference right on the deferred tax benefit.
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan: When you think about the cost cutting program at Eastman can you give us an idea of what your level of savings was by the end of the second quarter for this year and what your level of savings now is by the end of the third quarter?
Jim Rogers: Id have to do some math; I guess you could do that as well. You know when our pay reduction kicked in; I think it was April 1. We did a reduction in force around then so much of it would have been in the second quarter. As I think it through, in fact we were running at lower utilization rate in the second quarter so we probably had pretty much, when you guess most all the cost cutting in place at that time. Im not sure there was a huge difference between second and third other than we ran at a higher utilization rate in the third quarter and so we may have had to bring a few more contractors back.
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan: Sometimes what Dow Chemical does is gives investors an idea of how much their hydrocarbon costs decreased year over year or sequentially. How much did your hydrocarbon cost decrease sequentially?
Curt Espeland: If youre talking about raw Im not sure when you say hydrocarbon per se. I can tell you what our raw material costs.
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan: Raw materials is just great.
Curt Espeland: If you look year over year our raw material costs declined $350 million.
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan: What about sequentially?
Curt Espeland: I think its probably increased about $40 million some of that still may be tied up in inventory but its about $40 million.
Jim Rogers: The one thing youve got to watch for both of us is how does price move with that raw material. Thats the other piece to the equation that I have to focus on. What we try and do is we try and manage the spreads.
Jeff Zekauskas  JP Morgan: How much did prices change sequentially?
Curt Espeland: Sequentially price was up 1%.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin McCarthy  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
Kevin McCarthy  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: I was wondering if you could comment on the fourth quarter profit outlook in CASPI. Most years you see a seasonal dip there but its not always the case. I think you had improvement in 2003 and 2006. As you look at raw material trends and what you see volumetrically what should we expect for that segment in the fourth quarter?
Jim Rogers: Forgive me if I take this opportunity to comment of CASPI. I was waiting for the question. What a great quarter for that business. Let me remember a few things. I will get to your question but I cant resist thinking about all the stuff thats been done in that business going all the way back to some of the restructuring and selling off the resonates and monomers businesses quite a while ago to more recent things like getting out of the crude tall oil and our adhesives business. I think about people changes that were made down in the organization more recently getting the right players in the right jobs. Its like everything was clicking.  We had the raws come off in this third quarter and we know that theyre turning around going back up so thats one of the things that tells us yes we are definitely coming down from that third quarter high. We know we normally have seasonality, we dont think this year is going to be any different. We will come off just given the markets they sell into will come off from third to fourth quarters. The point is its still going to be a very strong quarter for CASPI and just such a great business. I know you guys looked at it and youre probably wondering how do I think about that going forward. The fourth quarter, yes were coming off but if I look longer term remember I used to build up how I thought we could set peak earnings higher then the last peak just within our core businesses. I had CASPI be around $200 or back better than $200 and youre seeing the potential to set a new level of earnings in CASPI. One quarter doesnt do that, we had a lot of stuff go our way, all the businesses clicked at the same time whether it was in adhesives or coatings, that doesnt happen very often. Still you can just see the strength of that underlying business and thats one of the things that I count on when I talk about setting much higher earnings in the future on these core businesses.
Kevin McCarthy  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: It is nice to quadruple operating profit over two quarter. Well done.
Curt Espeland: Part of that is how weak it was two quarters ago too.
Kevin McCarthy  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Those record levels though. Shifting gears, you mentioned youre excited about acetic and hydride off take from Sipcam. Can you give us some kind of feel for the timing and magnitude of that in terms of financial impact?
Jim Rogers: Im not sure it will have that great a financial impact. Im excited just because it gets us out more globally. Its part of the world I think we should have a bigger presence in, in the Middle East. I can tell you they have built one beautiful plant that any North American chemical site would be proud to have. Ill let them say their exact timing but I think theyre planning on being operational early next year is my guess. Theyll give you the definitive term. To me its just one more way were playing off of our acetyl stream just working everything from logistics to cost position and serving the growing market. It wasnt so much its going to have a material impact 50,000 tons of hydride but its more that its the right direction that we want to go.
Kevin McCarthy  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: On the subject of cash deployment obviously things have changed dramatically in terms of the capital markets over the past eight, nine months. Youre at a point now where youve generated a lot more cash; your net debt to EBITDA is not very far from one. I was wondering if you might comment on the dividend. Its been flat for something like 12 years. I realize its a Board decision but at what point should we be thinking about resuming increases there?
Jim Rogers: When you say resuming increases I think the last increase was like 95 or 96. The way we look at that is we believe in getting a return to our shareholders. Its a very legitimate use of cash to give it back to shareholders but were guided too by our yield in reference to the rest of the industry and we think its still quite an attractive yield now. Assuming that we continue to run our businesses well and the price moves up well be looking for ways to get a return to shareholders. Im not going to say itll necessarily be by increasing the dividend.
Operator: Your next question comes from P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup
P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup: As you said, PCA did really well especially compared to the last recession. I was wondering if you can talk a bout the supply/demand of oxo and acetyls now versus back then.
Jim Rogers: Im not sure how much better the markets are then back then. I know were doing business differently. This was such a severe recession I believe Id be correct if I said there was some capacity that exited the market. I cant remember if that also happened back in that 01-03 timeframe. When I think about the difference I think about things like swap arrangements weve done with other producers such that we have product in a right region without all the logistics costs and so do they. I think about in particular a lot of work we did on pricing and deciding what segments of the market we want to play in. You know for example we have a different acidic asset strategy albeit were much smaller player anyway but how we have more of a North American specialty strategy there as compared to other players. Its a laundry list of things that are more internal to us I think then the marketplace in total but you wouldnt know that by looking at the other guys and seeing what theyre doing compared to that last recession.
P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup: What are your current operating rates?
Curt Espeland: I think I said were just slightly over 80% so say 81%. Thats part of the reason were looking at the fourth quarter coming off as were expecting that utilization rate to come back down a few points.
P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup: Many institutions are banning the use of single serve PET bottles. On the flip side theyre encouraging the use of plastics like [inaudible]. Can you talk about the shift thats taking place?
Jim Rogers: I dont know about banning PET per se. I know theres polyethylene bans.
P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup: I should say theyre frowning on the use of PET.
Jim Rogers: That is one trend in the plastics world where everyone is looking for greener plastics and I think were hitting the timing just right with our Triton product, its just such a great product with a great future. You know its BPA free, it does so many things in terms of having a higher TG you can use it in the dishwasher a lot of other places. Were winning contracts with some brand names that we think its really going to drive growth and we think theres going to be generations of products, families of products after this initial wave.  That wave, what we call the sustainability wave, we are very conscious of that looking at our portfolio where we can take advantage of that wave. Its not just there, theres a number of places. Youll be hearing more about that if we get together here in a few weeks on Investors Day.
Operator: Your next question comes from Frank Mitsch  BB&T Capital Markets
Frank Mitsch  BB&T Capital Markets: Donald DuPont mentioned at their investor day nine times in their conference call, I took the under on you guys, Im feeling pretty good about that bet right now because youve only mentioned it twice so I appreciate that. With the overall results on an operational basis the best since 05 and given a lackluster market, speculate with me where could your earnings have been if youve got back to 05 type operating rates?
Jim Rogers: Thats the dream at night as go to bed. I think about we did this on 81% utilization rates. Admittedly we had some extraordinary measures in place for costs. Last time we had a pay raise was back in April 08. There are some extraordinary measures we took which you cant count on but Im very pleased with the power of these core businesses to run at this rate. Just to give you an idea, CASPIs utilization rate isnt much different then the company overall, its right around there, especially plastics is actually less, Fibers is noticeably more. One of the benefits you get in these businesses such as Fibers you know the utilization rate I dont think went up from second to third or not by much is the fact that were integrated. As other businesses tick up their volumes and they absorb more costs from the stream every business benefits. I feel very confident when I say that if we get back to those run rates, utilization rates, a strong year that were going to have no problem setting peak earnings higher then the last peak.
Frank Mitsch  BB&T Capital Markets: That perfect because of course the biggest peak obviously was jacked up by PET back in the mid 90s.
Jim Rogers: It wasnt that big a difference. I think the last peak was $5.73 and I think if I go back to 95 it was $6 something. Youre seeing the $1.30 something plus $0.16 youre seeing a pretty decent quarter at 81% run rate. Again admittedly a lot of stuff went our way; raw materials versus price, cost savings, etc.
Frank Mitsch  BB&T Capital Markets: Its been previously mentioned on the call, your nice cash position and the strong balance sheet. You went out of your way to discuss your trip to Saudi Arabia and talk about possible opportunities and partnerships etc. in that part of the world. What sort of things would you be considering?
Jim Rogers: Its too early to mention anything specific. I know what youre driving for and our game plan is to be more global, we want to get more then our fair share of the regional growth thats happening out there in the developing world. We very much like the idea of advantaged feed stocks youve seen that here in Kingsport with what we start with coal, we think we can do that we can have advantaged feed stocks in other parts of the world.  You know we think that our CASPI business and parts of our performance chemicals and intermediates business could be good hunting grounds for add on acquisitions. Just to give you a sense, the idea of advantaged feed stocks, differentiated products I think we can really create some value going with that strategy around the world.
Frank Mitsch  BB&T Capital Markets: When is your next trip?
Jim Rogers: Thats a good question; Ill probably be making some big tour in the first quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Miner  Deutsche Bank
Jason Miner  Deutsche Bank: Back on Fibers for a moment, if the volumes in that business came from lower sales of chemicals I know that you do sell some to competitors, could that suggest that youre taking any market share there?
Jim Rogers: I wouldnt read it that way. Some of the sale of chemicals goes to a joint venture we have right here in Kingsport, Premistere. We do sell to a few other players around the world. Frankly I see the market share in Fibers as fairly steady I would guess. Thats probably the way Rick Johnson, who runs that business would characterize it as well.
Jason Miner  Deutsche Bank: If I can revisit my utilization question one last time forgive me. Do you think we can keep global utilization above 90% in Fibers across the industry?
Jim Rogers: I think that is the current thinking for 2010. Were bringing on a few extra tons there in Korea but the Asian market is still growing even through this period of time. Of course when we bring that Korean facility on were going to have some startup costs next year, were going to have to do some product qualifying with our major customers so you might not, specific to Eastman, see a lot of the benefit of that Korean facility until 2011. The market is still growing strong in Asia and thats where we want the capacity.
Operator: Being no further questions in queue, Mr. Riddle Id like to turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Greg Riddle: Thanks again everyone for joining this morning. An audio replay of this conference call will be available on our website this afternoon through next Monday, November 2. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This will conclude todays conference call.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-24 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Riddle -- IR Jim Rogers -- President and CEO Curt Espeland -- SVP and CFO
Analysts: Frank Mitsch -- BB&T Capital Markets P.J. Juvekar -- Citigroup Kevin McCarthy -- Bank of America Jason Miner -- Deutsche Bank Mike Judd -- Greenwich Consultants Brian DeRubio [ph] -- Yield Capital Appreciation Partners
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company second quarter earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman's website, www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company Investor Relations. Mr. Riddle, please go ahead, sir.
Greg Riddle: Okay, thank you, Rufus; and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today are Jim Rogers, President and CEO; Curt Espeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and, Amelia Nitesh [ph], who is new to our Investor Relations team. Before we begin, I will cover three items. First, during this call, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations for third quarter and full year 2009. Actual results could differ materially from our plans and expectations. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the companys second-quarter 2009 financial results news release on our website and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-K filed for 2008 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for second quarter 2009. Second, except when otherwise indicated, all financial measures referenced in the call and in the slides accompanying the call will be non-GAAP financial measures, such as sales revenue, operating earnings, and earnings per share that exclude restructuring-related items. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures, including a description of the restructuring-related items, are available in our second quarter 2009 financial results news release and the tables accompanying the news release. Lastly, I want to remind you that we have posted slides that accompany our remarks for this mornings call on our website at www.eastman.com in the Investor section. With that, I will turn it over to Jim.
Jim Rogers: Thanks, Greg; and good morning everyone. I will begin on slide 3. I'm going to start out this morning looking back at some of the outlook statements we gave you during our first quarter earnings call in April. I would like to do this, kind of look back on each quarterly call, good or bad, so that we hold ourselves accountable for the statements we make. I have listed a few of the corporate statements here and we will look at the segment statements when we get to their results. On second-quarter EPS, we said we would be near $0.71 a share, and we came at $0.86. Yes, we were a little above our own expectations and I will talk more about that in a minute. Next, we told you full year 2009 EPS would be between two and three dollars. Through the first half of 2009, we have earned $1.11 per share and with our EPS outlook for the second half; we remain on track to meet this expectation. We told you the $200 million of cost reduction actions we have taken since December would be evident to you in our results through the first half of 2009. Our SG&A and R&D are down $38 million and we are seeing the impact of the cost reduction actions in our cost of goods sold as well. And I do not want to steal Curts thunder, but we told you we would have positive free cash flow for the year; and through the first half of 2009, our free cash flow was $69 million and we are set up for a very strong second half of cash generation. Moving next to our corporate numbers. First, on sales volume, while we were down 13% year over year, excluding contract ethylene and polymer intermediate volume, we were up a solid 11% sequentially on the same basis. The biggest increases sequentially were in CASPI and Specialty Plastics, but volumes were up in all but our fibers segment. This reflects a couple of factors I've mentioned in April, namely, we are end of customer destocking and there is some seasonality to our volumes. But with capacity utilization averaging about 71% in the second quarter and 74% if you back out the impact of the reconfiguration of our Longview, Texas site, customer demand is still not back to where it was last year. Moving next to earnings. Sequentially, our operating earnings increased by $77 million and we are down $50 million year-over-year. Margins improved both sequentially and year-over-year, with our gross margin above 20% and our operating margin above 10% in the second quarter, admittedly on a lower revenue base. The improved earnings and margin sequentially are really due to three factors; the improved volumes that I mentioned; the flow-through of lower cost raw materials and energy during the quarter; and the impact of the cost reduction actions we have taken. The year-over-year revenue and earnings comparisons continue to be difficult, as they are for most companies, due primarily to the global recession. I will turn next to the segments and begin with fibers on slide five. Volumes for this segment declined both year-over-year and sequentially, but this was not due to acetate tow, but rather due to acetyl chemical volumes being down due to customer buying patterns and acetate yarn volumes being down due to the global recession. Earnings and margins remain strong. Year-over-year, earnings improved due to higher selling prices and cost reduction actions. Sequentially, we were able to stay at the very high level we set in the first quarter. Looking forward, we expect third-quarter earnings to be slightly below second quarter, as volumes decrease slightly and then fourth-quarter earnings to be similarly impacted due to customer destocking and the global recession's impact on disposable income. Moving next to slide six and CASPI. Year-over-year volume was down due to the recession, but despite the volume decline, operating earnings were only down slightly as we were able to restore historic gross profit margins, due to a decline in raw material and energy costs. Sequentially, operating earnings increased substantially, as volume was up 22% and mix improved as the volumes for the specialties came back with a decline of customer destocking. This is consistent with my comments on CASPI during the call in April. As a reminder, we think of this business as about two-thirds specialty and one-third commodity on a normalized basis and one thing we have seen in this recession is a structural improvement in the market for our commodities, such as solvents, which is allowing them to hold up better than in past recessions. Looking forward on CASPI, we see the third-quarter a lot like the second, as volumes stay about the same and we don't anticipate much movement in their raw material costs. And slide seven is PCI. Their year-over-year story is really about lower volumes due to the recession and lower selling prices due to lower raw material and energy costs. Sequentially, volumes picked up some as destocking is mostly behind them and they were able to restore some margin with raw material and energy costs declining. During the quarter, they also had about $15 million in costs related to the reconfiguration of our Longview, Texas site. This included the turnaround of our largest cracker, which we normally do every five years. We also completed capital projects and preparation for shutting down our two remaining smaller crackers. Overall, the results are excellent. This was the biggest project in the history of our Longview, Texas site and we completed it on time and on budget. Looking forward, we expect our third-quarter operating earnings to be up compared with the second quarter, excluding the costs related to the Longview reconfiguration, but below last year's third quarter, as we continue to make progress on restoring our margins. Moving next to Specialty Plastics on slide eight. The Specialty Plastics story is very straightforward, it is all about volumes. Year-over-year sales revenue and operating earnings declined as volumes were down due to the global recession. Sequentially, sales revenue and operating results improved as volumes increased 19%, particularly in Asia and the US. In April, I said our focus with this business was to get it back to the black, and we achieved that. Looking forward, we expect them to stay in the black in the second half of the year, with third-quarter earnings similar to or slightly higher than the second quarter. Turning next to slide nine. In April, I said Performance Polymers results would improve significantly in the second quarter, due to higher selling prices, improved volumes, and improved operating factors with our IntegRex. I also said our priority, as with Specialty Plastics, was to get this business back to the black as soon as possible. Sequentially, pricing and volume were up, leading to operating earnings of $3 million compared with the operating loss in Q1. So we are happy with the improvement we achieved in the quarter. But looking forward, Performance Polymers faces a number of headwinds. First, the seasonality of demand, which is likely to lead to lower industry volumes in the second half of the year and next, a competitor adding about 10% of industry capacity to the North American market will be there before year-end. And the IntegRex site is still not running the way we would like it to. We have confidence we can get the performance to a higher level, but we expect to incur some costs in the second half of the year, so we will work on this. As a result, we expect to have negative operating results in the third and fourth quarters, in short, we are not out of the woods yet. I am on slide 10 now. And here I am going to give you a quick update on our Beaumont, Texas industrial gasification project. We are making good progress on FEED, the front-end engineering and design and continue to be on track to be finished by the end of the summer. From what we can see at this point, although costs have come down from where they were last summer, they remain higher than we would like. We continue to look at this as an attractive option for all the reasons we have talked about before. But given the current environment, it is an option that is still out of the money. As the result, we are reducing the burn rate to a minimal amount, while we continue to work the capital number, the incentives, the financings et cetera. I will end on slide 11 by taking you through our outlook for the second half of the year. As I'm sure you have heard from other companies by now, the global economy is a little bit better, but we can't see a recovery yet. Starting back of December last year, we took cost reduction actions necessitated by the current economic environment and these helped to position us to continue to deliver solid results. When we look at the second half of the year, what we can see today indicates that demand should stay near current levels and raw material and energy costs should increase slightly. Looking at the third-quarter, we think EPS will be approximately $1.10. And really, this isn't much different from second-quarter EPS of $0.86 without the approximately $20 million or $0.20 a share related to the Longview reconfiguration and the higher tax rate, which deducted about $0.10 per share in the quarter. And Curt will give more details on that in a minute. Given the solid earnings performance in the second quarter and our expectations for continued solid performance in the third, for the full year we now expect EPS to be toward the high end of the $2 to $3 range we previously gave you. And I think this is pretty good performance in what is a very difficult business climate. Now before I turn it over to Curt, I want to institute a new part of our conference call, where I talk no more than 60 seconds to identify one of our executives, who has had an exceptional quarter. I want to do this to reinforce the debt we have in this management team. Normally, present company will be excluded, but for this past quarter, the executive I would have to pick is our CFO, Curt Espeland. I am sure when Curt took over the job a few months ago, none of us were expecting to be in the current economic environment we find ourselves in, but Curt has adapted extremely well. He came into an oversized capital expenditure budget, some difficult hedge positions and a sliding economy. But Curt quickly realized we had to change the current focus of our organization to managing for cash and has been the leader in that charge. You can see the results of his actions in our numbers. The win on our tax line is a specific example of what I'm talking about. Of course, he has the luxury of working with some real pros such as, Mary Hall, our Treasurer and Terry Begley, the Head of our Supply Chain, but Curt has rolled up his sleeves and been personally involved in these efforts. He has helped us transition to the point where our performance is very solid, even in the depths of this current recession. As I look across the table and I know this was a surprise to Curt, so I will give him a second to pick his jaw up off the table and now I will go ahead and turn it over to Curt.
Curt Espeland: Well, thanks, Jim and appreciate those kind words and took one off the eye and everyone focused on cash appreciate the comments. And good morning to everyone. While most of Jim's comments were focused on earnings performance and outlook, I am going to focus on cash generation. We have a great story to tell, as Jim already mentioned. In March, we committed to generate positive free cash flow for full-year 2009. This commitment is possible because of the strong focus on cash that is occurring throughout the company. To a greater extent, the increased focus on cash represents an important cultural shift for Eastman. And I'm very pleased with all, everyone at Eastman has stepped up and responded to the challenge, particularly in this tough economic environment. And as you can see from the results, we are making good progress. In the second quarter, our $255 million in cash from operations was the best second-quarter cash generation we have had in over five years, bringing our year-to-date operating cash flows to $337 million. Solid net earnings was a contributor, as was cash from working capital, which I will speak to in a minute. Our capital expenditures decreased to $94 million in the second quarter and we expect to continue to reduce our capital spending in the second half of the year. And we continue to pay our dividend, which is currently still at a healthy 4% yield. On free cash flow, we generated $129 million during the second quarter, and with $69 million through the first half of the year, we are on track to meet our expectations for positive free cash flow in 2009. Turning to slide 14, as part of our free cash flow objective, in March, we committed to generate $100 million in cash from working capital. As part of this commitment, our businesses are now be measured on both earnings and operating cash flows. This helps the business and sales teams to understand the cash applications of choices being made. This is on top of a multidisciplinary team dedicated to managing our working capital targets and taking necessary actions to achieve them. Our collective efforts have resulted in good progress, both during the second quarter and for the first half of the year. Year-to-date, we have generated $84 million of cash from working capital. One of the key drivers has been our reduction in inventories, which are down $191 million through the first half of the year. This is a pretty low level for us and in part is due to the timing of the Longview reconfiguration. As a result, we expect to see some increase in inventories in third-quarter. However, we remain committed to our working capital objective. We expect with demand in the second half of the year similar to current levels and with the slight increase in raw material and energy costs, to sustain the progress we have made through the first half of the year, and generate $100 million in cash from working capital for the full-year. Another example of our focus on cash is the change we made to accounting methodologies used for federal tax purposes to accelerate the timing of deductions for manufacturing repairs. In 2008, the IRS re-proposed regulations, indicating a willingness to accept prior case law on the matter of expense versus capitalization of repair-type expenditures. As a result, we filed for a change in methodology late last year and we have received approval from the IRS during the second quarter. Essentially for tax purposes only, we are recognizing the deductions related to previously-capitalized manufacturing repairs expenditures on an accelerated schedule, so that we can obtain the tax benefit sooner. This will be done with the filing of our 2008 returns. The change is expected to result in over $100 million of positive operating cash flow impact in the second half of the year, including a refund of previous tax payments in 2008. One consequence of this change from an accounting perspective, was the impact on our effective tax rate. Since the additional deductions will significantly lower tax taxable income for federal purposes in previous years, it eliminated the $7 million of domestic manufacturing deduction recorded in 2008. This adjustment is reflected in our cap expense for second quarter, negatively impacted EPS by $0.10 per share. This resulted in the higher effective tax rate for the quarter and will likely result in an effective tax rate for the year around 33%. This is a terrific outcome and I congratulate our finance and engineering professionals that made it happen. Given our performance for the first half of 2009, and our expectations for second half of the year, we are strengthening the financial objectives we have made for the year. I have already taken you through why we expect to maintain the progress we are making on working capital in the second half of the year. On capital expenditures, our spending has been weighted to the first half of the year as we continue construction on our Triton co polyester facilities, complete our FEED efforts associated with our industrial gasification project, and recently completed the Longview site reconfiguration. Given our continued discipline with capital, I expect our capital expenditures will be in the $300 million to $325 million range as we approach more maintenance capital levels in the second half of the year. With these factors in mind, and our earnings outlook for the year, we expect increased free cash flow for the year. We have already generated $69 million of free cash flow in the first half of the year. I believe we can generate a similar amount of free cash flow in the second half of the year. Add to that the $100 million of expected cash benefit from the tax change and I expect we will generate over $200 million of free cash flow for full-year 2009. Slide 17 brings me to our financial position. We have a little less than $1.5 billion of total debt on our books. We have a terrific debt ladder, with nothing due until 2012 and even that is a modest $153 million. Our cash on the balance sheet as of the end of quarter was $450 million and I expect that to increase by the end of the year. And we have a committed and undrawn $700 million revolver substantially available to us well into 2013. We are in a very strong position from a liquidity standpoint, even stronger than we started the year. With our strong balance sheet and potential cash generation, we are well positioned for growth going forward. We continue to believe that deploying our cash in a value-creating way will differentiate us and we are continuing to evaluate all options. These include organic and inorganic options. There is still a premium on cash in the current environment. Thus, we will remain disciplined as we pursue growth initiatives. And as we grow, we remain committed toward maintaining our current investment-grade credit rating. With that, I will turn it back over to Greg.
Greg Riddle: Okay, Curt. And that concludes our prepared remarks. We're ready for questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And for our first question, we go to Frank Mitsch with BB&T Capital Markets.
Frank Mitsch -- BB&T Capital Markets: Good morning, gentlemen; and nice results, obviously. Curt, in your free cash flow expectations for the full year, did you factor in the bonus that the fellow who got the 62nd shout out will be receiving on these conference calls into that projection?
Curt Espeland: Cut it out, Frank.
Frank Mitsch -- BB&T Capital Markets: But I did want to ask a pay-related question. Obviously, the aggressive stance that Eastman took in this unprecedented period in terms of cost reductions is paying dividends here in terms of your performance. Any thoughts on when we are past the crisis and you go back to the old pay methodology?
Jim Rogers: Well, that is a good question. There is probably 10,000 people who care a lot about how I answer that, Frank. Look, (inaudible) is not out of the woods yet, when I was talking about Performance Polymers, but it is certainly true for our whole economy and for the company itself. You have to have been here and have enjoyed this culture to appreciate the ability for management to be able to adjust on the fly and make significant changes like that, and for the people to just keep doing the job and the professionalism you see, even though we did take a 5% pay cut from the Board all the way down. What I would like to do, Frank, as I would like for Eastman to always remain competitive in terms of its comp and benefits and salary structure. This was an extraordinary case. Frankly, I think that with the amount of uncertainty we have, we are not going to look at any changes till we get closer to year end, so I would expect to run at this level for a while. But eventually, yes, the economy comes back, the earnings come back and we will go back to the -- I would envision us going back to the levels we were before we made the pay reduction.
Frank Mitsch -- BB&T Capital Markets: All right. Terrific. And Jim, thank you for the update on Beaumont. Given the uncertainties on cap and trade and CO2 legislation you highlighted, we really can't expect Eastman to make a cogent decision on this anytime soon, until we get clarity. So I guess my expectation would be that whatever timeframe had been in place gets pushed back as every day goes by that we have this uncertainty. Am I thinking about that the right way?
Jim Rogers: I think so, Frank. In my comments, I talked about how we are reducing the burn rate, we do have some legislation we would like to see fall in place. The number for Beaumont, since we sequester most of that CO2, like 90% plus of the CO2 could actually be an upside, but the dust hasn't settled on that, the capital number, like I said, even though we are not done with these, I am pretty sure we are going to think it is too high and so we are going to be working everything from incentives to what is the best we can do on financing, but I am not expecting to talk a lot about Beaumont until we actually have something we think we can pull the trigger on.
Frank Mitsch -- BB&T Capital Markets: All right, great. And lastly, Curt, you talked about the possibility of inorganic options in terms of use of cash. Which areas do you believe offer attractive possibilities for you as you look out over the next 6 to 12 months?
Curt Espeland: What we have been looking at, Frank, we have seen -- we have been looking at options with mergers and acquisitions in the past, little ongoing in the future. Those areas that are -- really of particular interest of us are those that might leverage our acetyl stream or areas of our acetyl streams or derivatives that we have in our CASPI or Specialty Plastics businesses. And so you look at both businesses at our core to those businesses or potentially even adjacent to those businesses. That is probably some of the areas that we will be looking for.
Jim Rogers: Hey, Frank, if I could add, we have been somewhat surprised we haven't seen the attractive opportunities that I might have thought we would see at this point in the cycle. So I just want to let everyone know we are going to be very patient. If we do anything, it will probably be on the smaller size, we like the kind of thing we did with SK, where we got the tow capacity in Korea and like I said, I just tell people we are going to be smart about this and we are going to be patient.
Frank Mitsch -- BB&T Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: We go next to P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar -- Citi: Yes, hi, good morning.
Jim Rogers: Good morning.
P.J. Juvekar -- Citi: You know, CASPI performance held up quite well, but PCI hasn't performed that well. I think the end markets are kind of similar, with paints and coatings and all that. So is there a supply/demand issue in PCI and could that last into 2010?
Jim Rogers: Yes, I'm not sure I caught every word, but you are comparing CASPI and PCI and the supply/demand issue and yes, definitely, that has affected PCI, in particular, in the (inaudible) stream, so that is kind of what has held it down, that is why we talk about being cyclical and why it gets impacted in the recession. On the other hand, look what the performance they turned in, even though they were carrying that load of the turnaround of a major site there in Texas, and as we look forward, this is where we are seeing some improvement come, as I think we will get a little more demand back here. I guess the way -- the way I think about it and let me just jump to something for you, P.J., because you are talking about CASPI/PCI. You know, we led you to about 10 for the next quarter, we kind of showed you how we got there, we took that $0.86 and we added back the two kind of exceptional things we knew about this quarter. One of the things we are counting on is for PCI to be up from second to third quarter, and because we are going to have Performance Polymers back down, maybe fibers is going to come off a little bit; CASPI flat to up a little; (inaudible) flat to up a little, but PCI is the one that has got to do some nice improvement second quarter over third quarter. And a lot of that does have to do with supply/demand cost decision et cetera.
P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup: And my second question is about coal gasification. There has been a fundamental change in natural gas supply in the US. There is a lot of new supply that has been found, gas has gone to 350. Is coal gasification justifiable at these natural gas prices, given that gas is cheap, and it is more environmentally friendly?
Jim Rogers: Well, we have said that we would like higher natural gas prices in order to go forward with the project, but remember, we are looking out over say 20 years and what the prospects are for natural gas. The other thing I will say is that as the winds blow out of Washington, there are other factors in the project that have economic importance, let us put it that way. So your CO2 stream, and whether or not you get paid for sequestering it or how that gets treated, if we could choose for enhanced oil recovery, it can be fairly significant. Plus I would say all the products that would come out of the gasification project would not necessarily be tied to natural gas. But you are right. I mean, I believe the arbitrage spread between the solid and liquid hydrocarbons is going to be there over the long run, but right now, gas is way down and so it is just one more reason why we are taking a pause here.
P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup: Thank you.
Operator: And we go next to Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America.
Kevin McCarthy -- Bank of America: Yes, good morning. What is the level of raw material inflation in the back half that you are baking into your $1.10 guidance, Jim?
Jim Rogers: I would say roughly, and surprisingly, I am actually going to give you a direct answer on this. I would say roughly $20 million from second quarter to third quarter, give or take. So, I am trying to ballpark it for you, that is not an exact number. We will see on the fourth quarter what happens.
Kevin McCarthy -- Bank of America: Is that similar in magnitude to the costs related to the reconfiguration, will you be rolling off?
Jim Rogers: Yes, I hadnt tied the two together in my mind, I mean a better way to think about it is what is going on with pricing. We are going to get a little pricing from second to third as well and one of the things that -- I would take this opportunity to say is, I am really impressed with the job the folks have done in terms of managing the margins, because you have had the raws move all over the place. We havent always responded well when you have fast moves on raw material costs, but I feel like our margins are pretty much there in almost all our businesses and so it is really a volume issue right now and that is the upside. We are just waiting for the volume.
Kevin McCarthy -- Bank of America: Okay. Next question on CASPI, I thought profit hung in remarkably well there. You mentioned in your prepared remarks that the solvent portion of CASPI has benefited from some structural improvements relative to the last recession. I wonder if you could elaborate a little bit on that and explain why that might be the case.
Jim Rogers: It is a matter of capacity, some capacity that has exited the market, but we talked about it ahead of time, we didn't really think we would say more than that, other than that you know the solvents do look a little better and in fact, I would say the company as a whole, if you look at such a deep recession and you look at where we are guiding people for the full year, I dont think anyone would have believed four or five years ago that in a deep recession, we would be talking about approaching $3 a share. So there has been a little improvement there, but I guess I don't want to go there name by name.
Kevin McCarthy -- Bank of America: Okay. And finally, what is the magnitude of the savings associated with lower burn rate on coal gasification?
Jim Rogers: Well, it is -- I'm not sure how noticeable it is going to be to you guys, because we have another line that picks up this cost, but it has other costs in there too. So I think we came down from like 12 to 9 on that line from first to second quarter. But there are some other good stuff in there beside gasification we are working on that I personally want to see us work on, that is very front end on some different platforms et cetera. So I think a company our size, to have that kind of spend on some upfront R&D, on some stuff that would be meaningful for the company down the road is what we should do. So don't start modeling in a 0 there. We are going to keep spending on that line.
Curt Espeland: And Jim, if I might add, besides the other line item in our P&L, you are also seeing some of the effect of that, Kevin, as we have tightened up our capital spending outlook for this year. That is another example of how we have reduced the burn rate on gasification.
Kevin McCarthy -- Bank of America: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will go to Jason Miner with Deutsche Bank.
Jason Miner -- Deutsche Bank: Thank you, good morning.
Jim Rogers: Good morning.
Jason Miner -- Deutsche Bank: Just sort of returning to the guidance again, if we -- originally I think we spoke about 75% to 80% utilization could drive us in this $2 to $3 range. We are looking at sort of mid-seventies now it sounds like, but it is still now perhaps headed toward the high-end. So I wonder if some of the cost reductions had held in or performed, I guess I should say better than you had expected, and if now 80% could drive us above, how should we think about that?
Curt Espeland: I would say that the cost reductions came in pretty much as expected, maybe the discipline we have shown and how quickly people turn the knobs down, I was personally impressed with -- again, it goes back to our culture. On utilization rates, first, let me say I'm hoping the Wenu [ph] guys offer those. Because I think at one point, it was very valuable, at another point, it starts to become more valuable to our competitors than it does to our investors, so we have got to think through how we talk about utilization rates. But I mentioned we had 74% without the reconfiguration of Longview in the second quarter. The guidance we are giving is not in anticipation of us reaching to 80%, it is anticipation of things staying in that range of 75% to 80%, but we are not pegging it to the top of the range. So again, yes, I guess the volume comes back for the whole economy, and hopefully there is some upside.
Jason Miner -- Deutsche Bank: Okay, fair enough. Just on prices, it did look like there was some downward acceleration, I am not sure how much of that to read as competitive pressures versus raw materials, half through in some of the segments, but could you just comment on how you think about pricing playing out through the rest of the year?
Jim Rogers: I am pleased that we are kind of getting back to the margins you would expect for the value that our products yield to customers. So, I would say most of the move in pricing has been due to the raws coming down and you can kind of see that in our margins, right? So if pricing was coming off a lot more than the raws were moving, you would have seen a contraction in our margins. You know, when I just look forward, that is probably one of the unknowns, is what is going to happen in the marketplace as volume comes back and it is up for grabs, how aggressive our competitors are going to be on pricing. You know, we have some price increases in place right now within PCI for example, there were some price increases that went forward in PET, I think. So we will just have to see. But that is probably a place I feel the least comfortable talking about is predicting the pricing. I can just tell you that it has been a nice surprise that through this deep a recession, prices have been able to track with raw materials in a way that we could protect our margins.
Jason Miner -- Deutsche Bank: Okay, fair enough. And lastly, on CASPI. I wonder if you could in anyway break apart what end markets or regions -- to be a little more specific in Specialty Plastics perhaps, if you could take a similar treatment to CASPI and sort of help us understand, and just so I can append a question to my question. Sorry. How much -- I guess the concern there might be with such an impressive sequential improvement, plus the comment that restocking or destocking is coming to an end, is there any restocking going on there that kind of pulls demand forward? Thanks very much.
Jim Rogers: Yes, you know, that is a good question on the restocking and that is hard for us to see right away. I mean, we told you last time that we could see what was happening to our specialties, that we knew the volumes were down well below what the in-demand was, so we knew guys were destocking and that really hurts your mix. This is good stuff in CASPI, we talk about two thirds specialty and there is some stuff that is truly special, let us put it that way, that was way down and that has come back. I don't think it was restocking. I am not sure you can possibly know, I can tell you is Asia or just about all the businesses is kind of leading the drive upward. If I think of it regionally, if I think by markets, honestly I don't think we can point to the transportation or autos and building and construction is anything exceptional. I think at best we just got the destocking behind us, but still a noticeably lower level. So, no particular market I would point you to, I would point you to Asia and I would just also say the power of our specialties in CASPI, it has been there all along but when you don't have the volume to sell it, you cant see it. Well, the destocking was pretty much behind this and now you see what that business really looks like. And as we look forward, we are saying that auto do the same or even a little better the next quarter. Remember, seasonally for CASPI, they typically do better in the second and third and then they usually come off some in the fourth.
Jason Miner -- Deutsche Bank: Okay, that is very helpful. Thanks a lot.
Operator: We go next to Mike Judd with Greenwich Consultants.
Mike Judd -- Greenwich Consultants: Yes, looking at your balance sheet, I didn't see an inventory number. Do you have that?
Greg Riddle: That will be in the Q, we will file that next week.
Mike Judd -- Greenwich Consultants: Okay, could you maybe just help us understand whether inventories were lower or higher sequentially than the March quarter?
Curt Espeland: Well, you can see that in the tables, Mike, I think that will give you some sense that inventories decreased --
Greg Riddle: You can see it in the cash flow statement.
Curt Espeland: Right.
Mike Judd -- Greenwich Consultants: Perfect. Okay, great. That is what I wanted to know. And then, I guess, there has been sort of a recurring theme across the chemical industry in terms of the earning supports and you guys certainly fit into some of these categories. A lot of the earnings (inaudible) their call savings, leads and lags of raw materials, and also some -- there is one of the item, I am trying to remember what it is. But as you guys think about the December quarter, and the issues around, potentially higher oil prices and things like that, what is really driving your customers desire to restock? Yes, I guess that was actually the third issue was restocking issue. So I mean, is this something that looks like it is clearly just sort of a mid-year restocking type of scenario that is seasonally driven or do you think that it really has sustainability from here. Because I think this is the thing that most people are struggling with is trying to understand whether this is just a typical seasonal bump and then go back down sort of in the December quarter. Any thoughts along those lines would be very helpful. Thank you.
Jim Rogers: Yes, I can. It is a good question, I don't have a good answer for you. I can tell you specific to Eastman, there is seasonality and we see it in the number of our businesses and you see it -- like I was just saying, second and third stronger and we always come off in the fourth quarter. You used the word restocking and I havent heard our customers telling us that and maybe they wouldnt, even if they were. So I cant point to restocking. I am pretty sure that destocking is over just about everywhere, but I am not very sure that customers are doing any restocking and so as we look forward and obviously by giving you annual guidance and third quarter guidance, we are kind of saying we are pegging a range for the fourth quarter and that will be down from the third quarter. So we are looking at more traditional seasonal pattern for our business and we are not counting on any big move in restocking and I really don't know that we have seen much of restocking yet.
Mike Judd -- Greenwich Consultants: Okay, and just as a follow-on to that, and maybe this is just a new one here and what you are saying makes a lot of sense. But in terms of the end of destocking, is the issue here really just the inventory levels were just too low or were drawn down too much or what is driving the end of destocking? Is it being driven by higher energy prices or what is really driving that in your opinion?
Jim Rogers: Again, I think you see it -- let me use the idea of specialties, because that is where we really felt it the most was in the destocking of specialties. If perhaps there is added over something, we are really the only reliable supplier in the world someone can get it from. They did not just keep six or eight weeks worth of inventory. They would keep three or four months worth of inventory. When their in-demand goes down noticeably, that three or four months of inventory turns into eight months of inventory. So it wasn't so much that they had to take a different view on the market, it is just there in-demand went down and all of a sudden, they have a lot more inventory of our specialties. As they finally work that down to where they get back to that comfort range of 3 to 4 months for the lower level, from then on out, they have got to go back to ordering again. So I don't think of it as the restocking back up to the eight months, they never liked the eight months in the first place, but they would be trying to hold the three months. So that is -- I'm trying to give you a -- I have a specific product in mind that I know about and that would accurately reflect what we saw happening with a particular specialty. The commodities, they don't carry three or four months worth, it is much smaller and that is why we saw the destocking in there sooner. But this whole issue, you are hitting the right issues, I mean, the whole issue of restocking versus destocking, I have never talked so much about it in my life and it is a real hard one to read.
Mike Judd -- Greenwich Consultants: That is very helpful. Thank you and congratulations on a good quarter.
Jim Rogers: You are welcome.
Operator: For our next question, we go to Brian DeRubio [ph] with Yield Capital Appreciation Partners.
Brian DeRubio -- Yield Capital Appreciation Partners: Good morning, gentlemen.
Jim Rogers: Good morning.
Brian DeRubio -- Yield Capital Appreciation Partners: My question is on Performance Polymers. At one point, you guys were talking about possibility of licensing out the IntegRex technology. Are those discussions that you are still having at this point of time, A.; and B. have some of the delays you have experienced with IntegRex, has that put off some of those discussions?
Jim Rogers: Yes, I wouldn't tie the two together. We are still in discussions. I would tie much, much more to the economy and just how tough things are out there for people and for people who would perhaps like to license. So discussions are ongoing. I hate to commit to a time when we could sign one up. I know there is real value in our technology, I can see it when I look at the numbers and I compare legacy pounds to our ParaStar and IntegRex pounds. So I know there is value in the technology, it is just the worst of all possible times to be out there talking to someone about building something new and using our technology. The trouble is, with the plant is, not so much technology-driven, I mean it is just a place where we need to get back to operational excellence and for someone like me, who has worn the Eastman label now for 10 years, it hurts to talk about a plant that doesn't run well. So that is unusual for us, I don't -- that is something we are addressing. I would expect that will change and we will achieve operational excellence there. But the technology, I know works add value, we have demonstrated the higher capacity run rates. And so, I would expect that we will be able to monetize some value of that technology through licensing, but I can't tell you when.
Brian DeRubio -- Yield Capital Appreciation Partners: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And with that, ladies and gentlemen, we have no further questions on the roster. Therefore Mr. Riddle, I will turn the conference back over to you for any closing remarks.
Greg Riddle: Okay, thank you again for joining us this morning. An audio replay of this conference call will be available on our website this afternoon through Monday, August 3. Have a great day, everybody.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. We do appreciate your participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-24 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Riddle - Investor Relations Jim Rogers  Chief Executive Officer  Curt Espeland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Marie Wilson, Manager of Investor Relations
Analysts: Jeff Zekauskas  J.P. Morgan P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup Mike Judd  Greenwich Consultants Jason Miner  Deutsche Bank Frank Mitsch  BB&T Capital Markets Chris Willis  Impala Kevin McCarthy  Bank of America Securities Bill Young  ChemSpeak Bob Goldberg - Scopus Asset Management Sergey Vasnetsov  Barclays Capital
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company first quarter earnings conference call. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company Investor Relations. 
Greg Riddle: On the call with me today are Jim Rogers, who will be CEO after our annual meeting on May 7th; Curt Espeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and, Marie Wilson, Manager of Investor Relations. Before we begin Ill cover three items. First, during this call you will hear certain forward- looking statements concerning our plans and expectations for second quarter and full year 2009. Actual results could differ materially from our plans and expectations. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the companys first 2009 financial results news release on our website and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-K filed for 2008 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for first quarter 2009. Second, except when otherwise indicated, all financial measures referenced in the call and in the slides accompanying the call will be non-GAAP financial measures, such as sales revenue, operating earnings, and earnings per share that exclude restructuring related and other items. Our reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures, including a description of the restructuring related and other items, are available in our first quarter 2009 financial results news release and the tables accompanying that news release. Lastly, we have posted slides that accompany our remarks for this mornings call on our website at www.Investors.Eastman.com. With that Ill turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Rogers: Ill begin on slide three. Last night we announced first quarter 2009 earnings of $0.25 a share and this is an improvement over the $0.05 per share we reported in the fourth quarter but obviously well below our first quarter 08 earnings. Sales revenue declined by 30% due to lower sales volume and lower selling prices. The lower volume was throughout the company and reflects customer de-stocking as well as the weak end market demand. Thats really the story for the first quarter and dont you bet itll probably be the story throughout the year. The price declines were more pronounced in our commodity businesses, Performance Polymers and PCI and reflect lower raw materials and energy costs. We continued to work through higher cost inventory through the quarter and we think this is largely behind us. With the continued weakness in the global economy we took a number of cost reduction actions that will positively impact results throughout the year. In December we announced actions to reduce costs by $100 million and these have been implemented. In the first part of March we announced a second set of actions to reduce costs by an additional $100 million and for the most part these have been implemented. One of these actions was a reduction in force of approximately 300 people and that was completed in the first half of April. I wanted to point out that the highest percentage reduction of people was at the Vice President level and the next highest was at the Director level. We know this is a little different then how many companies choose to reduce their headcount but we felt it made sense for us. The result is that we have flattened our management structure at the higher levels, bringing it in line with the overall size of the company. This new structure we hope will empower our employees to drive increased speed, focus and flexibility. It increases accountability for delivering results and it supports Eastmans long-term growth strategy reflecting who we are today as a company and where we are going in the future. Now let me move on to the segment highlights. I guess Ive got to begin with Fibers. Fibers operating earnings of $73 million were a quarterly record, eclipsing a record that was set in first quarter 08. Revenue increased slightly year over year as higher selling prices and a favorable shift in product mix were mostly offset by lower sales volume. The higher prices were in response to higher wood, pulp, and energy costs which increased during the fourth quarter and remained at elevated levels. Lower volumes were in acetate yarn and acetyl chemicals. Acetate tow volumes were up year over year due to strong tow demand and the capacity addition at our facility in Workington, England completed in October. We expect second quarter operating earnings for Fibers to be similar to the first quarter. For full year 2009 we expect Fibers earnings to be above full year 2008, weighted more towards the first half as we benefit from continued strong demand for acetate tow and our capacity addition in England. One other comment while Im talking about Fibers, a few weeks back we issued a news release announcing a number of senior management changes. One of those was the appointment of Rick Johnson as an executive officer of the company. Rick has done an outstanding job as a leader of the Fiber segment since 1996, positioning Eastman for the profitable growth we are reporting in Fibers today.  As a Senior Vice President, Rick will also be responsible for the supply chain, our acetyl stream operations and for the regions outside the United States. His addition to our executive team increases the direct profit and loss responsibility on that team and I look forward to the contribution that Rick will make on our executive team. Now let me move to CASPI, first quarter 2009 operating earnings declined to $21 million. Year over year, the decline largely reflected lower sales volume which led to lower capacity utilization and higher unit costs. The lower volume was due to the global recession, particularly for the automotive, building and construction, and packaging markets. We also had an unfavorable shift in product mix. These were partially offset by the lower raw material and energy costs. Sequentially operating earnings declined due to continued low volume and an unfavorable shift in product mix as de-stocking continued particularly for specialty product lines. Looking forward in the second quarter, we expect CASPIs earnings to increase sequentially as volumes improve due to reduced de-stocking and some seasonality. Looking at the year, we thin that CASPIs earnings on a normalized basis so its about two-thirds specialty and one-third commodity. In this environment margins for the specialty product lines, although challenged by the weak demand, should hold up reasonably well. However, commodities margins will continue to be under pressure. As a result, we expect segment operating margins to be low double digits on a lower revenue base. Performance, Chemicals and Intermediates is next, operating earnings were $3 million for the quarter and year over year the earnings decline was due to lower sales volume, primarily in the olefin-based product lines, higher unit costs due to lower capacity utilization and lower selling prices reflecting lower raw materials and energy costs. Sequentially, operating results improved due to lower raw material costs and higher capacity utilization, partially offset by lower selling prices and an unfavorable shift in product mix. Looking forward during the second quarter we will be completing the reconfiguration of our Longview, Texas site. We will be shutting down our largest cracker for maintenance and completion of capital projects in preparation for permanently shutting down our two remaining smaller crackers.  This capital project will improve the efficiency, reliability and safety of what will be the only cracker at our Longview facility, supply our propylene derivatives in the PCI and CASPI segments. The cost related to these actions in the second quarter are expected to be approximately $20 million of which two third would go to PCI and the rest will be for CASPI.  Despite these costs we expect results for PCI in the second quarter to be similar to the first quarter because of slightly improved volumes as de-stocking declines and begin higher capacity utilization and lower unit costs. For the year, we expect a run rate in the third and fourth quarter to be slightly better than that second quarter rate without the cost I just described as volume improves slightly leading to higher utilization and lower per unit costs. Next is Specialty Plastics, operating results declined to a loss of $13 million in the first quarter. Year over year the decline was primarily due to lower volume, similar to volume declines from many plastics in this recession. Youll remember in the middle of last year we converted legacy PET capacity to polyester and when you combine that with a volume decline we faced our capacity utilization was down between 50% and 60% for the quarter. In addition, we also had an unfavorable shift in product mix as we sold less cellulosic to the LCD market and this was all partially offset by lower raw material and energy costs. Sequentially, operating results declined as prices declined as we continued to work through higher cost inventories and volume declined due to customer de-stocking. The lower volume and the resulting lower capacity utilization led to higher unit costs.  In the second quarter we expect results to improve as volume improves slightly leading the lower unit costs. Our priority for this business is to get it back to the black as soon as possible. Turning now to the Performance Polymers segment, operating results were a loss of $21 million in the first quarter. Year over year thats a decline that was due to lower selling prices partially offset by lower raw material and energy costs. Lower polyester stream utilization which led to higher unit costs. Sequentially, operating results improved at a higher PET volume which led to higher capacity utilization and lower unit costs. First quarter results were also impacted by the slower than expected ramp of our IntegRex facility after the major debottleneck in the fourth quarter. Looking forward, we expect results to improve significantly in the second quarter due to higher selling prices, improved volume and improved operating factors with our IntegRex debottleneck. As with Specialty Plastics, our first priority for this business is to get it back to the black as soon as possible. Looking at our second quarter and full year outlook, capacity utilization improved somewhat from the fourth quarter to the first quarter but the global economic environment remains challenging and visibility is limited. The cost reduction actions we have taken will positively impact our financial results throughout the year. We expect margins to recover as we have worked through high cost inventories.  For the second quarter, assuming a modest improvement in demand, we expect our EPS to be similar to the first call mean estimate currently $0.71. For full year 2009 assuming our capacity utilization increases back up to between 75% and 80% for the remainder of the year we continue to expect EPS to be between $2.00 and $3.00 which I think would be very solid performance in the current difficult environment. With that Ill turn it over to Curt.
Curt Espeland: We all agree that the challenges of the financial crisis and the global recession that developed in fourth quarter 2008 have continued into 2009. As it became clear during the quarter that economic conditions were not substantially improving we stayed the course, closing managing our cash flows and reducing operating costs including implementation of an addition $100 million of cost reductions announced in March. These actions are improving an already solid financial foundation that will sustain us through even an extended period of weak demand. Eastman is well funded, continues to weather the storm, and remains well positioned to take advantage of economic recovery. Turning to our financial highlights, one of the financial highlights for the quarter is our strong operating cash flow performance. Even with continued weak demand we remained focused on working capital and achieved a $70 million reduction in inventory. As a result, we reduced working capital by $58 million, the best first quarter performance in our company history. We are on track to reduce working capital by $100 million in 2009 under admittedly difficult circumstances. This, combined with our other operating activities enabled us to generate strong cash from operations of $82 million in the quarter, reflecting the significant cash focus on all fronts by the men and women of Eastman. This is a strong start to the year and we are pleased with our progress toward the objective of being free cash flow positive for the year. Net debt to total capital remains at a good place at 52%. We finished the first quarter with net debt of approximately $1.1 billion up slightly from year end underscoring our cash focus. Our balance sheet is solid and holding up in these difficult economic conditions. Since the last recession we have taken many actions to restore financial condition and shore up our underlying business strategies. We were hopeful that these actions coupled with the cost reductions implemented in December would be enough to manage through the current economic environment. However, as first quarter unfolded it became clear that this recession is more severe and having a deeper and potentially more lasting impact then originally anticipated. In response, we implemented additional actions to reduce costs by an additional $100 million. This included a 5% pay reduction in the US effective March 30th and equivalent cost reductions being implemented globally. Completion of a reduction in force of approximately 300 employees that Jim mentioned, this did result in a $26 million charge in first quarter for severance and related costs. Lastly the $100 million includes a reduction of non-critical maintenance costs, logistics costs and further reductions in discretionary spending. The impact of these additional actions will be evident in our second quarter financial results and throughout 2009. These were difficult but necessary actions to improve the financial performance of the company and to maintain our strong financial profile. We have been disciplined in our financial approach and that extends to our priorities for uses of cash as highlighted on slide 13. First, we continue to pay our dividend as we have for every quarter we have been a public company and our current yield is over 5%. In 2009 we expect our contributions to our pension plans to be at the $25 to $50 million range I gave you last quarter. We have further prioritized our capital spending for 2009 and expect capital expenditures to be in the range of $300 to $350 million. It is worthwhile to note that our capital spending is weighted to the first half of the year. As we have discussed before, there are good business and economic reasons to complete some growth initiatives in 2009 that were well underway in late 2008. This includes the construction of our Triton Copolyster facility, finalizing feed efforts associated with our industrial gasification project in Beaumont, Texas and completing the Longview reconfiguration. The majority of these costs for these projects will be in the first half of the year. We spent $110 million in first quarter and expect the growth spending to continue somewhat in second quarter. By the second half of the year we expect spending to be at the low end of our baseline capital spend rate of $200 to $250 million annually. Our manufacturing, engineering and construction and other personnel are doing a great job in managing our capital program given the current environment. In addition, in first quarter we started making progress payments for our alliance with SK in Korea to expand our acetate tow capacity thats included in other investment activities in our statement of cash flows. Those progress payments will continue for 2009 although at lower levels. With all these factors in mind, again, we are committed to generating positive free cash flow in 2009. Financial discipline underscores Eastmans results and supports our strategy for the future. I have reviewed this last quarter, slide 14, but as CFO I cant resist the opportunity to highlight Eastmans strong balance sheet, attractive debt profile and liquidity position. As a reminder, we dont have any significant debt coming due until 2012. We have a committed and undrawn $700 million revolver with substantially all of it available well into 2013. Our cash and cash equivalents at the end of March were $340 million. We are in a very strong position from a liquidity standpoint. Putting it all together, Eastman has a strong balance sheet, sufficient liquidity and a history of financial discipline. Plus, the actions we have taken recently to reduce costs and strategically over the last several years provide us with a portfolio of businesses that are well positioned to recover with improved economic conditions. We are actively evaluating all options to create shareholder value from our balance sheet both looking in to and beyond this recession. This includes continued work on our industrial gasification initiative, developing additional organic growth opportunities, explore a merger and acquisition opportunities and if appropriate, we will consider the repurchase of shares. Our approach to growth initiatives and creating shareholder value will remain disciplined. Eastman is well funded, continues to weather the storm and remains well positioned to take advantage of economic recovery. Now Ill turn it back over to Greg.
Greg Riddle: That concludes our prepared remarks this morning. Operator were ready for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jeff Zekauskas  J.P. Morgan
Jeff Zekauskas  J.P. Morgan: Id like to start off with a few questions about Fibers, can you remind me about the end markets of Fibers by geography, that is how much is US and how is Europe and how much is Asia?
Jim Rogers: I dont know if we say the actual percentages, roughly domestic market is obviously much less important to us then it was years and years ago so less then a fourth of our business Id say noticeably less than a fourth of our business would be in North America. Asia is kind of the market and its probably not just for us but for most everybody. Then of course Eastern Europe is also important. Id probably line it up Asia, Europe, North America, and then Latin America.
Jeff Zekauskas  J.P. Morgan: In the statistics you gave you had the volumes down 10%, prices up 10% with a positive mix effective too. Under that dynamic why wouldnt the operating earnings really be much, much higher if prices are up just as much as volumes with a positive mix in that wouldnt a percentage point of price be worth about two percentage points of volume?
Jim Rogers: I havent done the math that way. Number one, the earnings are up fairly significantly, of course sequentially. The one piece you left out was the costs, remember the reason we got this price increase was because of what wood, pulp and energy did late last year and we didnt get it all back in the fourth quarter. Were just now getting that back. Tow volume is up but he other volume is off. I think the math works that we had a great quarter but it is pretty much the way it is.
Operator: Your next question comes from P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup
P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup: Im looking at CASPI it was down like most other coatings companies. Can you give us a little bit more granularity on different parts of CASPI, talk about coatings, adhesives, and specialties? 
Jim Rogers: Its an interesting story and its actually a similar story for specialty plastics as well. When you look inside commodities versus specialties whether youre talking coatings or adhesives one of the things Im learning is just how the de-stocking is winding its way down. The commodity stuff you never had that much de-stocking going on I guess initially. Its big bulky stuff, people know they can get it from a bunch of different players; they didnt necessarily carry a lot of inventory. The specialties are different, especially things that maybe were the sole supplier of, there they would carry a lot of inventory. Specialty had that longer value chain, more inventory all along the chain and then if you think not only specialty base but then if you think regionally the longest supply chain is Asia. Youre really seeing the de-stocking have an impact on specialties, particularly on some of the international sales. As I look inside CASPI its not an issue of margins and again some of our specialty plastics pricing is pretty much tracking with the raw material and energy costs, its really all about volumes, volumes being affected on the commodity side very much by just whats going on in the overall economy, youve seen that by building and construction, by autos. On the specialty side youve got the lower end demand to a certain extent no where near as much as commodities but youve really go the de-stocking thing going on. Thats what gives me some encouragement when we say CASPI is going to be better next quarter. As you see a lot of that de-stocking product line by product line, region by region, slowly coming to an end. The fundamental business in terms of the demand for the specialties its still there. If you want to paint cars into the other coatings, our coalescent, additives, all that business still looks pretty good, were just going through this inventory de-stocking issue. The longest Ive heard is a customer say its going to take till September to work through inventories but were seeing the end of de-stocking. We saw the end of de-stocking for some of the distribution channels in the first quarter. Maybe that gives you a little more color. The other thing were going to get in CASPI is were going to get a little seasonal pickup, were starting to see a little seasonal pickup to second quarter and thats something were waiting to see whether not were going to get.
P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup: How much do you call the commodity bucket and the specialty bucket, how much of CASPI do you put in the specialty bucket?
Jim Rogers: I think I had it in the comments its like a two thirds, one third. The commodity piece being more some of the commodity adhesives and those commodity solvents, the additives in the coalescent are fairly special.
P.J. Juvekar  Citigroup: In the previous downturns you guys have pulled CapEx well below D&A. This time you got it $300 to $350 million I know youve got some investments in Triton and coal and all that. Beyond that do you see capital spending coming down meaningfully below D&A, especially if youre running at 70% why do you need to spend capital now?
Curt Espeland: I think what youll see as we enter the second half of the year and look at even the fourth quarter youll find that our capital spend is more in line with that $200 to $250 million spend we say is what we would spend in just a maintenance mode. Yes, when were in the second half of the year and going into fourth quarter we will have capital expenditure that is lower then depreciation and amortization.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Judd  Greenwich Consultants
Mike Judd  Greenwich Consultants: The tax rate for the rest of the year, what should we be using?
Curt Espeland: Were still looking at 30% to 33% rate for the year.
Mike Judd  Greenwich Consultants: With whats going on with Chrysler and General Motors, can you help us understand, obviously thats a relatively small part of your business, what sort of exposure do you have there? Lastly, theres been a lot of information coming out recently indicating that the de-stocking is coming to an end and you guys have actually talked about that on this call.  Im just curious as you look ahead to the summer; weve heard I guess yesterday General Motors announced that they were going to shut down a number of their plants for an extended period this summer. How do you see this de-stocking issue playing out as we look into the summer?
Jim Rogers: First on the autos and youre really pointing to the domestic autos. Obviously were a global supplier to a whole bunch of customers. Were a little up the food chain from the OEMs and the auto industry. Whether or not we could actually trace anything to a nine week shutdown versus a two week shutdown I would really doubt it. As a curiosity, I mentioned a customer; the customer that said that theyre de-stocking would probably go as long as September which is the longest Ive heard just happens to be selling into the auto industry.  The way I look at that I think that car builds are around 9 million, were tearing up 13 million cars a year, thats not going to last. I dont know whether it will be GM, Chrysler, or who, but I know were going to be driving cars and I know the coating suppliers we supply to will be painting those cars. I have trouble breaking out these kinds of news stories from day to day in terms of having an impact on us. I know this is part of our end markets that have been hurt the most.  CASPI has about 20% exposure to transportation and autos but remember its not just the original builds its also all the repaints. That almost has a utility function if you dont build new cars youre more likely to take care of the old car. Again, I think the fundamental value proposition in the CASPI business is the coatings business is sound. On de-stocking in generally, again I want to point out it doesnt mean that theres absolutely no more de-stocking, were done across the board, there really is product line by product line, region by region, but we are getting to the end of de-stocking for a number of our customers, a number of our areas we sell into.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Miner  Deutsche Bank
Jason Miner  Deutsche Bank: I know its a little bit apples and oranges to ask this at a summary level but given that 75% to 80% utilization is probably is a tough outlook of an environment for pricing could you guys sort of talk about what your overall pricing expectations for the rest of the year for the total company are driving the $2.00 to $3.00 expectations in EPS?
Jim Rogers: Its something were watching very carefully. I said earlier that pricing has kind of moved with the raws and energy. Frankly thats true, it appears that most everyone realizes that theres not additional volume to be gained by being overly aggressive on price. Were keeping our pricing in line with costs, variable costs, the parts you cant take care of as the unabsorbed overhead and thats that fixed burden. Thats whats affecting the results right now.  On pricing, in most markets, its been fairly disciplined. Will that change as people start to sense that there is volume to be gained? I just dont know, I think most players have such skinny margins right now and their profitability is so low that theyll probably have to stay disciplined for some period of time.  I think in the quarter we ran around 71% capacity utilization to bump up to 75%, 80% Im not sure would be that dramatically different in terms of the market dynamics pricing wise it would be dramatically different in terms of us and our under absorbed burden or the fixed costs that cant put into all your products youve just to eat into your pricing. As I look at it, 75% to 80% would still be well below where you want to run. It just points up the powerful leverage we have in this company. Were a quite integrated company and Ive been impressed, one of the things Ive learned is that if this the trough and were down at the bottom and were still talking about $2.00 to $3.00 a share running at the lower levels that were running at and you look at the operating leverage in this company and just how much fixed cost we can, cost is fixed and as you grind out more pound you get to spread that across and really boost your margins back up historically. I get very encouraged, I look at this and I think to myself, $2.00 to $3.00 an the trough and then you get back up to any kind of rates like we were at before you can set record earnings in this company just on the existing businesses we have today. The upside is what can you do with your cash on top of that. That was a long answer. You started me thinking about just where this could go when we start looking to the future and I can get very bullish in a hurry.
Jason Miner  Deutsche Bank: Given the improvement in gross margin sequentially but theres a lot of moving parts could you help us to think about how much might have been eating up high cost for raw materials versus all the cost steps you put in place. What Im really getting at is how much more room to run on some of those cost actions we might see coming through in the back half of the year.
Jim Rogers: I agree, I have trouble when I go from fourth quarter to first quarter because we did have so many moving parts. I know that in a number of places like in the PET business and specialty products and even CASPI, I guess most of the businesses we were still eating some high cost inventory as we went through the first quarter. It seems like most of that will be ending, thats partly what gives us the encouragement for the second quarter, we wont be having to jump that hurdle. Weve only had the impact of some of our cost actions; we havent seen all of that yet. The pay reduction doesnt kick until the second quarters. I would think the second quarter on our cost reductions will be a good indicator of just how successful we are. When you get to the back half of the year were just looking for a little up-tick in capacity utilization to get in that $2.00 to $3.00 range. Right now I hate to be too optimistic; I hate to get carried away looking at short term trends. Things have been picking up ever so slightly most recently and so I think thats where some of our optimism comes from.
Curt Espeland: Its capacity utilization, its greater extent behind us on the inventory cost flow through. In the second half of the year we also dont have that cost that we have in the second quarter with the Texas reconfiguration. Thats things that impact us in the second half of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Frank Mitsch  BB&T Capital Markets
Frank Mitsch  BB&T Capital Markets: Could you do me a favor, I know Brians not on the call, if you could let him know that I appreciated his thoughtful opinion piece in the paper and that Washington could use a fellow like him.
Jim Rogers: People are going to think we set you up for that. I was hoping wed get a chance to mention that Op Ed. In case people are on the call and they dont know what Franks talking about, Brian wrote a very good piece that got picked up in several publications, I guess it was a couple weekends ago and its not just about Eastman but our whole industry and frankly the whole manufacturing industry in North America.  Some of the proposals that are being suggested in Washington and the impact obviously negative that it will have on manufacturing industry etc. If anybody wants that and wants to see what Franks talking about I highly recommend it. Our investor relations guys here would love to send it to you. Frank thanks for bringing that up. In return Id love to give you a weather forecast but they got me in a room without windows. I guess I can make a joke about how I dont have any visibility but it seems like everyone else has used that on their conference call so we thought we were trying to avoid it.
Frank Mitsch  BB&T Capital Markets: A few years ago you did a pretty good job of cleaning up CASPI and getting it into the black although obviously the results have ticked down here a little bit. Im wondering especially plastics has been disappointing for several quarters now. You mentioned that you wanted to try and get it back into the black as soon as you can. Can you elaborate on that, what can you do, is this just a damaged business whose time is past? Can you give me some update on that?
Jim Rogers: Id rather say its a damaged industry. I think our business is actually has a decent position in a marketplace in a really doggy marketplace. Im pretty sure were over on the left end of that cost curve for the PET business. Theyre one of the outfits that was eating these higher inventory flow throughs, we built inventory for the major shut down and debottleneck and of course you build inventory right at the time when costs are very high so they had to eat that, some in the third, some in the first quarter. Were just going to be doing everything we can to take advantage of the IntegRex technology, reduce our legacy exposure. Last year, we started moving the line over to specialty plastics on the PET business and you price were going to see some weaker players fall out and I think were going to get it to the black but Im going to stop from saying how soon thats going to happen, Im going to predict a direction. On specialty plastics, Ive got to tell you I really like that business. There is value in that business. Its where you see most of the growth opportunities that the internal growth opportunities its where weve been spending R&D and SGA dollars. Its hard for you guys to see it but it has been for a long period of time now, it has been a business thats been increasing its gross margin, weve just been reinvesting it. One of the things that impresses me, I started to get on a rant earlier about the powerful leverage in this company, this is a place that has powerful leverage in specialty plastics. If you think about it, its getting hammered right now because we just, for example, moved it onto a bigger line that used to make PET so the capacity utilization is down around 50% to 60% its hard to look pretty when youre running that low. It has the kind of growth and weve got the kind of products, the Triton and Embrace, the Spectar. Some classy names and so again you think about as the volumes come back and you start using these bigger lines at a lower cost this is another business that can get back to that $15 to $18 million a quarter kind of run rate and then go north from there. Right now unfortunately its on the other end of that. The leverage works in reverse too and thats what were seeing. No, this is a good one.
Frank Mitsch  BB&T Capital Markets: That accounts the change over in lines is part of the issue as to why this is one of the few businesses that weve seen in the chemical industry where the first quarter was worse then the fourth quarter. Youre of the opinion that we should see black ink if not the second quarter then the third quarter?
Jim Rogers: Yes, again Im trying to be on the polyester side just because plastics are so bad. We were talking to Brian earlier and he was looking at the plastics industry is just lost this year; this is the lost year for plastics. You hate to get out ahead of yourself and get too optimistic. I can pretty much call the direction that its going north, were heading towards black but Im shying away from actually calling the timing. Like the economist who says where the market is going to but just not when.
Frank Mitsch  BB&T Capital Markets: Ive been unsuccessful in pinning you down. Let me try Curt. Theres been a lot of discussion 2Q we should see evidence of the cost savings flowing through. What sort of ballpark are you guys looking for in terms of cost savings in 2Q and to actually realize during 2009?
Curt Espeland: The cost actions in December have pretty much been implemented. We saw some of those in the fourth quarter and saw those in the first quarter. As it relates to the additional actions the way I kind of look at it is think of the three items we mentioned as kind of the third, of the third, of the third. The first action about the pay reduction that was effective March 30th so you can get a sense of when we would expect to start seeing the effects of that. The restructuring is the other piece Jim mentioned was completed in the first half of April and youll start seeing those as that is completed. The other areas are being actively worked and will be seen throughout the year. Thats how I try to put my head around that $100 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Willis  Impala
Chris Willis  Impala: I had a quick question about the PET, can you give us an idea how much the less than successful ramp of the debottleneck affected it. If you were to try an normalize that business and talk about how some of the elevated costs due to inventory issues and stuff, what would be a normalized run rate if this thing had been running properly and you didnt have the type of massive cost escalation late last year with the inventory build and all that. Can you give us a sense of how well this business is doing ex all that?
Jim Rogers: I can qualitatively, thats whats giving us the, its the fact that these things have ended that we are running well now. The IntegRex technology does work and we are getting the conversion cost saving we thought. It was a difficult start up and also with the high cost inventory those are the two things that really hurt us in the first quarter. If it hadnt been for that, it would look like we think the second quarter is going to look like where we said it would be significantly better. Were driving towards break even in that business. I guess thats as close as I can get whether or not its the second quarter or soon thereafter. From then its just a matter of how do we do on price over raws, whats the rest of the industry structure do, how many more weak players can drop out and can we slowly be converting, now talking longer term, can we slowly be converting some of those lines to more specialty lines, sending them over to specialty plastics way. I dont have an exact number I just know that thats why Im more confident second quarter is going to be better is because I wont have the start up issues and I wont have the high cost inventory in the second quarter.
Chris Willis  Impala: What youre saying is wouldnt have been in the black even if you didnt have the issues?
Jim Rogers: I think that would have been tough to be in the black, yes.
Chris Willis  Impala: Same thing on the specialty plastics, can you give us a rough idea how much the incremental fixed costs are affecting that?
Jim Rogers: We were surprised that it was as negative as it was in their first quarter. When you running at 50% something utilization none of your rules work anymore. I like to think a little bit longer term and say this is a business that you get back into the volumes we had its easily going to be back up in that $17 to $18 million a quarter range. Its just a matter of when is that going to come back. The operating leverage in this is very powerful.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin McCarthy  Bank of America Securities
Kevin McCarthy  Bank of America Securities: In the Fibers business you had the best operating margins in three years notwithstanding the higher raw material costs and some of the volume pressure. I suspect it would be even better were it not for acetate yarn. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the yarn business and what the profitability is there or lack thereof.
Jim Rogers: Yes, lack thereof. Its not in the black, its red ink. Its interesting, people look at it and say so why are you in the yarn business. It actually is a very nice positive contribution, yarn sell for more per ton then tow does. We like making yarn in terms of how it allows us to run our plant. It is a negative, it brings us down. You can watch fashion trends etc. and see whats happening to more expensive fibers compared to polyester.  On the other hand there arent a lot of guys out there making it. We had a competitor exit North America a few years ago and we got a little bump up in the business and it looked good and then slowly people keep migrating away from it. You get to where youre losing money again. The one thing I feel good about it weve taken quite a few actions internally to address costs there and I think were doing about as good as we can. This is a business that has run down as low as 30% something capacity utilization. Well see. We have our SK venture going where they had some yarn capacity that were going to convert to tow so thatll be coming out of the market but theres not high hopes for yarn ever making a lot of money. We would like to just get it back to say break even so its not a drag and continue to be a positive contributor.
Kevin McCarthy  Bank of America Securities: Are there issues around integration or overhead absorption that you feel would preclude a strategic reevaluation of that business?
Jim Rogers: No, it just comes down to running it at certain volumes that you get positive contribution. If the world changed enough that there wasnt the volume which is a volume less then were at today, by the way. Volume would have to drop off from where we are today that the contribution was no longer positive. Well then you could take action, you could switch over and just be tow. Right now we are still getting positive contribution out of it and we dont need that capacity right now.
Kevin McCarthy  Bank of America Securities: If we focus on the other businesses outside of Fiber I was wondering if you could comment on how sales and volumes trended in the month of March and what youre seeing in the early days of April.
Jim Rogers: Yes, but I dont want to get your hopes up. If I go all the way back to December, December was when they were really doggy. That was way down there. January, February kind of both months looked similar but noticeably better then in December of course. March was even just a little bit better and the last three or four weeks has ticked up above that. I said our capacity utilization was 71% in the first quarter. You know that we worked inventories down so maybe demand is running a little ahead of that. When we look at our second quarter guidance we basically just need demand to stay where it is in order to run at utilization rates we want. Yes, theres been some positive up-ticks, I can tell you Ive been fooled before where weve seen two or three weeks go up then we came right back down the next week. I dont want to get everyones hopes up that somehow Eastmans calling the end to the whole thing. Yes, its been a better trend then just flat or down.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Young  ChemSpeak
Bill Young  ChemSpeak: Could you give us where you are on the timeline, you said youre doing some investment now in the coal gasification PET gasification project. Could you give us an idea about the timeline and where you stand with customer and partners ahead?
Jim Rogers: This is another one that I just think its a little nugget, not a little, its actually a big nugget of value within Eastman. We need some building blocks to fall into place. Right now were on the front end engineering design like weve talked about so were doing that study trying to nail down a capital number plus or minus 10%. We think the winds blowing our way on that one. We think capital costs coming back in. Weve told the world well have an update toward the end of the summer on that. I got a few other blocks that have to fall into place one of which is just the hydrocarbon spread between liquids and solids and you know natural gas is down around $3.00 now. Forward curve higher obviously but still not at the level that you would want to try and lock in pricing on contracts or hedging or whatever to kind of guarantee that arbitrage that were pretty sure its going to be there for a long time we just cant see it in the market today. Youve got a financing building block that, those markets arent exactly ideal. The one bene we have there is were in the Federal Loan Guarantee queue to try and get that benefit for this project. I said capital cost is coming back our way. Youve got all the legislative issues and how the government and the world is going to treat CO2 and is it going to be a bene because were going to sequester it and use the ancillary recovery or is it going to be a negative. Those are my building blocks that have to come together. Late summer is the next time well talk about it.
Bill Young  ChemSpeak: How about customers and your downstream technology?
Jim Rogers: The customers they understand whats going on in the world too. I think were in pretty good shape. We continue to chat with them and you kind of say what in the world could you be chatting about this long and working on. As the world changes then youve got to keep looking are you keeping pace with the changes you see in the world in terms of energy and legislation etc.  The downstream technology that is where some of the spend has been. I dont really have an update on that. I can just tell you were going to try and be highly selective in what we spend money to work on. Weve talked about gasification as an option for us and we think one of our mandates is that we need to keep the premium we pay for that option as low as possible in times like these. Were trying to be very selective what we work on and youll probably see us just reducing our spend on what shows up in the other line on our income statement youll see us taking that down throughout the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Goldberg - Scopus Asset Management
Bob Goldberg - Scopus Asset Management: I wanted to follow up on Kevins question on utilization rates. I was just wondering are you at the low end of that 75% to 80% range.
Jim Rogers: No were not. We were 71% in the first quarter and obviously were down looking at it week by week trying to figure out its trends so again you can fool yourself. Were a point or two above 71% today but that could be right back down the next week. We need a little pickup in demand to get to that 75% to 80%.
Bob Goldberg - Scopus Asset Management: Could you give us some indication by business as to where youre operating, more for that level of granularity?
Jim Rogers: Within the businesses you can get, even within the businesses you can get different pieces just like I was talking about yarn has run as low as below 40% whereas tow would be high 90%. I wont give you that granularity all through the whole business. We typically talk in terms of stream and if the companys average was 71% you can pretty much count on the acetyl stream being the highest operating rate, the highest utilization, probably polyester and olefin next then parts of the adhesive chain has been the lowest. Ive given you quite a few pieces now that I look back on it, especially plastics you know is running low PET runs higher. You can kind of fool yourself just going just by utilization rates because mix is pretty important too and so were trying to find rules of thumb that we can give you, something to help you but I hate for anyone to put too much weight on any one measure because there are so many moving parts.
Bob Goldberg - Scopus Asset Management: On raw material costs, you see much movement going into the second quarter? I you are a consumer of coal obviously in a decent part of the business, coal prices have come down seems like quite a bit from last year. Is that a benefit for you or youve locked up with contracts Im just wondering what the status there is?
Jim Rogers: We benefit as the prices move. We try and do contracts and you ladder them so that you get some smoothing effect. Thats not just true for coal but thats anything. Were benefiting from lower energy costs to a large extent. I guess a number of our raws are down or flattened out. I think paraxylene is maybe the exception where you see that one going up which of course affects our polyester side of the house. Times in the past the story has been raw material movement, does pricing keep up with it. As we ran through all the numbers in whats going through our business thats not so much the story right now. Right now the story is all about volume.
Bob Goldberg - Scopus Asset Management: In the specialty plastics business you had a big squeeze there from paraxylene. Have you recovered the impact from the higher raw material costs late last year? Is it simply a function of the lack of volume or Im just wondering where unit margins are relative to where theyve been historically.
Jim Rogers: Heres what Im told. All the questions you guys are asking are the same things were trying to make sure we understand about our business. The margins are there, if you didnt have the unabsorbed overhead in that business because of running at such a low utilization rate you would like this business. The products still have the same value to our customers, the margins are there, yes you do get squeezed on the paraxylene and again Im speaking in generalities. The specialty plastics in our opinion really is a volume story right now. Its a de-stocking story and its an end market demand story and its the amount of capacity we got versus the volume were seeing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sergey Vasnetsov  Barclays Capital
Sergey Vasnetsov  Barclays Capital: A follow up on your gasification comments, these are more than three years old at least publicly and when I look at the transcripts of your conference calls last year the decision was supposed to be reach summer of 08 to December of 08. I realize its a complex project. On your end of the summer update is the next milestone will you complete the feat at the time and you will be able to make a decision of go or not go or should I take it that at the end of summer you will give us yet another date for update?
Jim Rogers: Im shocked that something we said over a year ago may still not be appropriate today. Yes, the world has changed a little bit in the last few months. What hasnt changed is I still think there is quite a bit of value for Eastman doing another gasification project. At the end of the summer we will have completed our feed process but I dont think you ought to think that this is the kind of thing where you just make a final decision and youre done and you either have to do it or it goes away.  Thats the exact reason why weve referred to it as an option. I think there ought to be kudos to Brian and the rest of the team for the patience weve shown for not just plowing ahead. I dont know how Id feel. In fact I do know how I feel, Id feel pretty lousy if I was half way through building a major plant right now just like Id feel pretty lousy if we were just trying to digest a major acquisition right now. Yes, its been going on for a while. I dont see that as a bad thing. Were trying to be very prudent with our money and when we pull the trigger you can be pretty sure that its the right thing to do and were going to get a good return. Until then, were going to hold our spend down so it doesnt cause us much pain while we wait for the world to come back our way so we can make some money on this thing.
Sergey Vasnetsov  Barclays Capital: By the end of the summer you will give an update as far as making a decision do you feel its driven by some other factors maybe later next year.
Jim Rogers: Take a look at natural gas if its still $3.50 it may be hard to get contracts in place that give us the kind of spread we want between PET, co and our products were going to be selling. Thats what we talk about; we say that there are building blocks that have to fall into place. When they do fall into place this thing can be very significant. If you think energys never going to go back up again well then youd say that building blocks not going to get there. We actually think that energy is going to be more expensive in the future and the window is going to open again.
Sergey Vasnetsov  Barclays Capital: What do you think of the options cost to maintain this option alive?
Jim Rogers: Youve been seeing it on the other line is where the bulk of it is which I think has been over $10 million a quarter now. All of that cant go away but we are going to be reducing that number. In fact, I think on the quarter it was $13 million on the other line. We are going to be bringing that down. Were willing to spend some money each quarter to keep this alive. Remember its not just, were also working on derivative products, other things we can so. Were trying to look down the road a little bit. We think its a good use of money but we can bring the burn rate down a little bit.
Operator: Your last question comes from Kevin McCarthy  Bank of America Securities
Kevin McCarthy  Bank of America Securities: I was wondering if you could comment on the trends that youre seeing in acetyl and intermediates within PCI?
Jim Rogers: Acetyl, intermediates in PCI is probably the bright spot. Obviously not all the way up to level in the heyday when PCI was making more then $200 million a year but still solidly in the black. Were not the big asset supplier like maybe some of the other names you follow so were more in derivatives and hydride and other things in the acetyl stream. Id say that one, the acetyl piece as you might expect its holding up noticeably better then the other streams.
Operator: Mr. Riddle Ill turn the conference back over to you for any closing remarks.
Greg Riddle: Thank you everyone for joining us this morning. An audio replay of this conference call long with the slides that accompanied our remarks will be available on our website this afternoon through next Friday, May 1st. Have a great day.
Operator: This does conclude the conference call. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-30 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Riddle  Director, IR Brian Ferguson  Chairman and CEO Jim Rogers  President and Chemicals & Fibers Business Group Head Curt Espeland  SVP and CFO
Analysts: Jason Minor  Deutsche Bank PJ Juvekar  Citigroup Mike Judd  Greenwich Consultants Jeffrey Zekauskas  J.P. Morgan Jeffrey McCarthy  Bank of America and Merrill Lynch Chris Willis  Impala Frank Mitsch  BB&T Capital Sergey Vasnetsov  Barclays Capital Andrew Feinman  Iridian
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, please stand by. We are about to begin. Good day, everyone. And welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company fourth quarter earnings conference call. Todays conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live from the Eastmans Web site at www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company Investor Relations. Mr. Riddle, please go ahead, sir.
Greg Riddle: Okay. Thank you, Rufus. And good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today are Brian Ferguson, Chairman and CEO; Jim Rogers, President and Chemicals & Fibers Business Group Head; Curt Espeland, Senior Vice President and CFO; and, Marie Wilson, Manager of Investor Relations. Before we begin Ill cover two items. First, during this call you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations for first quarter and full year 2009. Actual results could differ materially from our plans and expectations. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the companys fourth quarter and full year 2008 financial results news release on our Web site and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for third quarter 2008 and the Form 10-K to be filed for full year 2008. Second, except when otherwise indicated, all financial measures referenced in the call and in the slides accompanying the call will be non-GAAP financial measures, such as sales revenue, operating earnings, and earnings per share that exclude restructuring related and other items. Our reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures, including a description of the restructuring related and other items, are available in our fourth quarter and full year 2008 financial results news release and the tables accompanying the news release. With that Ill turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Ferguson: Hi. Good morning, everyone. And thanks for joining us. I think we all know these are very unusual circumstances. Were reporting on different kinds of data than we normally do. So for the first time in my memory, we are going to use some slides to improve our communication to make sure we get the data to you. And the slides will turn automatically as we go through the session here. Or you have the choice of using the PDF file and flipping through them yourself. Ill start by walking through fourth quarter and full year 2008 results, and then Curt will discuss our strong financial position. And Ill conclude with some comments on corporate strategy. Now starting with our fourth quarter, everyone knows the world changed pretty dramatically beginning in November when demand dropped as rapidly as Ive ever seen it. As a result, our sales volume declined by 17% year-over-year. And this was throughout the company. The lower sales volume led to lower capacity utilization, which averaged 66% in the fourth quarter and was down as low as 50% in December. December was the lowest capacity utilization month in my 31-year memory with this company, certainly not something that was expected. With capacity utilization at these levels our cost per unit increased and the lower priced raw materials did not flow through our system because we were not buying enough of them due to the very low demand and the end of year inventory reductions. One other item in the quarter were losses in the settlement of commodity hedges that were over $60 million. The combination of all these factors led to the decline in EPS that we reported. Looking at full year results, prior to demand dropping significantly in Q4, we were on track for another strong year. Through nine months, our revenue, operating earnings, and EPS were all higher compared to the first nine months of 2007. So the decline in full year earning and EPS is entirely due to the fourth quarter results that I just discussed. Turning next to the segments beginning with fibers, fibers fourth quarter revenue declined slightly as lower sales volume was partially offset by higher selling prices. The lower volume was in acetate yarn and acetyl chemicals, both due to the global recession. The higher selling prices were primarily in acetate tow to offset higher raw material costs. Operating earnings declined mainly due to the lower acetate yarn and acetyl chemical volumes. And looking at the full year, our operating earnings were flat even with decline in the fourth quarter. Demonstrating once again the strength and resiliency of this business. Looking at 2009, we expect another solid year as our acetate tow facility should continue to run full and perform well financially. Next on our coatings, adhesives, specialty polymers and inks, referred to as CASPI, youll recall that through three quarters, they were partially offsetting volume weakness in North America with solid growth outside the US. In the fourth quarter, weak demand spread to all regions, and therefore, volumes decline was greater. Operating earnings declined both in the fourth quarter and for the full year due to lower volumes and higher raw material costs, which more than offset higher selling prices. Looking at 2009, we expect demand weakness to continue. We also expect raw material costs to continue to be volatile. But our specialty businesses should continue to hold up reasonably well. And we see CASPI holding up reasonably well as the segment for this year. Moving to PCI, revenue declined primarily due to lower volume mostly in olefin derivatives. During the quarter, our olefin stream ran at just below 60% capacity utilization rates and was below 40% in December. Operating results declined in the fourth quarter for three reasons. First, the lower utilization rates caused cost per unit to increase. Second, prices declined due to lower raw material prices. For example, propane declined by about 60% during the quarter, which dragged derivative prices with it. But the lower raw material costs were not pulled through our system due to the low capacity utilization rates. And third, we had losses from the settlement of hedges. These were for propane and natural gas, which both dropped at unprecedented rates during the quarter. Looking at 2008, through nine months, revenue and operating earnings were up versus 2007. So the full year operating earnings decline was due to the fourth quarter results. Looking at 2009, I would first point out that PCI had full year operating earnings of just $13 million in 2001 and $7 million in 2002, which was our last recession. In every scenario, we see today the performance chemicals and intermediates group should meaningfully surpass that despite the fact that the current economic environment is much worse than in early 2001 and 2002. Specialty plastics is next, and their fourth quarter story is also about a decline in demand. Packaging, durables and consumable volumes were all down due to the recession impacting copolyesters. For cellulose esters, the LCD demand dropped off considerably in the fourth quarter as customers stopped ordering altogether late in the quarter. Operating results in the quarter declined due to lower volumes and the impact of lower capacity utilization. The polyester stream had an operating rate in the mid-60s during the quarter, and was below 50% in December. Looking at the full year, operating earnings declined due to fourth quarter results and the volatility of raw material prices throughout the year, particularly paraxylene, negatively impacting margins in this specialty business. Looking at 2009, the key to the specialty plastics improvement is increased demand. But for January, demand has not changed much from fourth quarter levels. Last up is performance polymers, and before I talk about what was a tough fourth quarter for them, I want to remind you that through nine months they had improved their operating earnings by almost $50 million. So we were on track to improve this business. However, in the fourth quarter, things changed externally, which negatively impact their results. Operating results declined for three primary reasons. The first, volumes declined both for PET and for our entire polyester stream. In the second half of 2008 the industry PET demand actually had a negative growth of 2% to 3%. And for a business that traditionally grows above 5% annually, this is a very big change. Second, the decline in volume led to lower capacity utilization, which led to higher unit costs. And this was on top of the planned de-bottleneck of the IntegRex facility. And third, the dramatic decline of paraxylene hurt margins in August. Paraxylene was at an all time high, and then in the fourth quarter alone it dropped by over 30% dragging prices with it. In addition, because of the low utilization, we are not seeing the flow through of the lower paraxylene costs. Naturally, were disappointed with the results and we likely will see continued weak PET demand in the first quarter along with high costs of paraxylene continuing to flow through our system. But Im convinced when demand returns to a more steady state level above where it is today, the actions weve taken in this business will position us to improve significantly. Now onto our outlook for the first quarter of 2009. First, there is very little visibility into demand at this time. And this is all the way through our value chains. We can only see a few weeks ahead and we are not seeing the normal order patterns. People are just ordering month-to-month on what they need. What we do see is that volume remains weak, although it has been improving month-to-month. In December our capacity utilization bottomed at approximately 50%, which as Ive said earlier, is an historic low for us. In January, it looks like our utilization will be at the low 60s and it should improve as the quarter goes on. As a result we expect our first quarter utilization will average above 70%, slightly better than the fourth quarter average of 66%. We therefore expect our first quarter earnings per share to be slightly above first quarter  or fourth quarter earnings. At this time, there isnt enough visibility into what demand will be for the year to give you a full year outlook. But we will revisit this when the path of the recovery is more apparent to us. One other point, this lack of visibility and the general market volatility is the reason we postponed our Investor Day scheduled for February 10. We thought it did not make sense for us to talk about our long term strategy and how we are implementing it with the current lack of visibility. The significant drop in demand started just a few months ago in November. So we need some time to see where this mess all goes. And as a result, we have postponed until the fall, and we look forward to hosting you then. With that, Ill turn it over to Curt. Hell speak about our solid financial position.
Curt Espeland: Good morning, everyone, and thank you, Brian. We all agree that these are unprecedented economic conditions and that fourth quarter was extremely challenging. As events unfolded during the quarter, we made an operating decision to manage our cash flow and reduce operating costs. I am pleased with all the  how the men and women of Eastman responded immediately to the challenge. These actions improved an already solid financial foundation that will sustain us even through an extended period of weak demand. So in addition to discussing our fourth quarter results and our full year financial position, Im going to spend a few minutes talking about our financial discipline over the last several years and how that has situated with us a healthy capital structure, a strong balance sheet, and fundamentals that are indicative of a strong BBB credit rating, an attractive debt profile and liquidity position, and a flexible cost structure and cost actions that are aligned with business conditions. Eastman is well funded and has the advantage of being able to continue to invest in a few very attractive growth options. Just to wrap up the discussion our fourth quarter results, as I mentioned, we shifted our operating principles to cash generation during the quarter. Even with the sharp decline in demand, we significantly drew down inventory levels as well as reduced receivables. As a result we reduced working capital by $190 million. This, combined with our other operating activities, enabled us to generate strong cash from operations of $360 million in the quarter. We generated $124 million of positive free cash flow in the fourth quarter. And at the end of the year, our net was less than $1.1 billion, underscoring our solid financial position. I want to hit one other item which is our tax rate. Our effective tax rate for the year, on a continuing operations basis and excluding items was 27%. Looking just at the fourth quarter our tax rate was impacted by research and development tax credit that we were able to take based on legislation enacted in October, lower overall pre-tax earnings, and a favorable mix of earnings in the different tax jurisdictions. Looking at 2009 we expect our full year rate on a continuing basis to be between 30% and 33%. Our focus on financial discipline throughout the company has put Eastman in a great position to weather an economic downturn. Our cash from operating activities has been steady. Over the past four years, weve generated, on average, about $700 million of cash from operations. In 2008, we generated $653 million of cash from operations, which given the economic environment, is a solid year. For the year, working capital increased slightly as reductions in payables and increases in inventories were largely offset by a decline in receivables. Net debt to total cap remains in a good place at 41%. We finished 2008 with net debt under $1.1 billion. It is up slightly versus 2007, due primarily to share repurchase of over approximately $500 million during the year. And our stockholders equity declined slightly at year end, but remains in a solid place. The decline was due to the share repurchases and the impact of a decline in our pension assets. So we start 2009 with a great balance sheet. In addition, Eastman has an attractive debt profile and liquidity position. There is no significant debt coming due until 2012. We have attractive interest rates on our borrowings. Our net interest expense was $70 million in 2008. Slightly higher than 2009 due to lower interest income on lower invested cash balances. For 2009, we expect a net  we expect net interest expense to increase slightly compared with 2008 for the same reasons. We have a committed and un-drawn $700 million revolver with substantially all of it available well into 2013. And our cash and cash equivalents at year end 2008 were $387 million. We are in a very strong position from a liquidity standpoint. Since the last recession, we have taken many actions to restore our financial condition and shore up our underlying business strategies. We have either divested or shut down a total of 30 manufacturing sites, representing over $2.5 billion in revenue. These actions reduced our exposure to the ethylene cycle and strengthened our CASPI and PCI segments. Our current portfolio of businesses provides a healthy platform to generate sustainable cash flows. During the same time period we reduced our employee headcount by more than 33% from 16,500 to less than 10,500 going into 2009. We have implemented productivity improvements, process improvements, and cost reduction actions, and continue to seek opportunities. This is an important part of our culture and a job commitment of everyone at Eastman. And as weve announced in December, we have initiated additional actions to reduce labor related dollars, including elimination of overtime wherever possible, a significant reduction in contractors and part time labor, and a reduction of our management staff. When combined with the other actions that were taken or as completed, the total reduction in cost to 2009 will be $100 million. The immediate effect of these actions realized in the fourth quarter was a reduction in our labor related costs of 7% in the fourth quarter when compared to the third. What enables this timely response is a flexible labor structure that was implemented over the last several years to enable us to act quickly and with immediate results in response to any downturn in business conditions. We have a discipline  we have been disciplined in our financial approach, and that extends to our priorities for cash. I mentioned earlier that free cash flow is a focus for us. And we are committed to delivering positive free cash flow in 2009. First, we will continue to pay our dividends as we have for every quarter we have been a public company. And our current yield is about 6.5%. Coming into 2008, our US pension plans were fully funded as well as a majority of our defined benefit plans outside the US. In 2009, we expect our contributions to our pension plans to be at a very manageable $25 million to $50 million. And we have capital  we have prioritized our capital spending for 2009. Our baseline capital is $200 million to $250 million, and we will be managing to the low end of that range in the current environment. On top of that we are selectively funding our growth initiatives such as completing the construction of our Tritan copolyester facilities, finalizing feed efforts associated with our industrial gasification project, and completing projects to enable shut down of our crackers at Texas. For 2009, we expect capital expenditures to be in a range of $350 million to $400 million. And while we have other growth projects available to us, we recognize that we need to balance the expected benefits of such initiatives relative to the timing of the underlying market opportunity. So for example, our cellulose ester expansion for the electronic LCD display market is on hold until market demand improves. With all these factors in mind, again, we are committed to generating positive free cash flow in 2009. Eastman has a strong balance sheet, sufficient liquidity, and a history of financial discipline. Plus the actions we have taken provide us with a portfolio of businesses that are well positioned to recover with improved economic conditions. We are actively evaluating all options to create shareholder value from our strong balance sheet, both looking into and beyond the recession. This includes continuing work on our industrial gasification initiative, developing additional organic growth opportunities, and exploring merger and acquisition opportunities. Our approach to growth initiatives and creating shareholder value will remain disciplined. For example, a boundary condition to all our strategic endeavors is to maintain our BBB credit rating. We are committed to this rating as it is a good place for Eastman. It is with the position of financial strength that Eastman is not only able to consider opportunities that might present themselves in the marketplace, but also allows Eastman to continue to advance on attractive organic growth projects. Now Ill turn it back to Brian to give you an update on some of these.
Brian Ferguson: Thanks, Curt. Your review of our financial position is a great lead into the discussion of our growth initiatives. These are growth initiatives that we are continuing in 2009. As Curt has told you, we are scaling back our capital expenditures due to the economy. However, we are moving forward in a few areas, the expansion of acetate tow, constructing the Tritan copolyesters, and pursuing the Beaumont industrial gasification project as they continue to be attractive despite the economy. Starting with acetate two, during the fourth quarter, we completed the expansion of our Workington acetate tow facility. The acetyl chemicals for the facility will come from Kingsport, meaning we will be integrated back to coal as a raw material. And this expansion will serve the growing market in Eastern Europe. About a month ago, we announced another acetate tow capacity expansion, this time through the acquisition of an 80% ownership interest in a joint venture with SK Chemicals in Korea. With this joint venture, we will expand what is currently a 12,000-met ton facility to 27,000-met tons. As with our Workington expansion, the acetyl chemicals will be supplied from our Kingsport facility. And we expect to see benefits of this expansion in our fibers results beginning in the second half of 2010. With these two expansions, Eastman will increase our global acetate tow capacity by more than 20%. And we will be well positioned to grow with our customers. Moving next to Tritan copolyester. As Ive talked about before, Tritan has a number of unique product attributes, including high temperature and chemical resistance and the fact that its BPA free. As a result, demand continues to be very strong in areas such as housewares and infant care. Today in our semi-work [ph] facility, we are selling all we can make and we are actually making more than we thought we would. And so thats strong demand. And continued market pool for new applications has encouraged us to increase capacity as quickly as possible. However, given the current economic environment, we have slowed down the pace of the project somewhat just to optimize the cost of construction. We expect the new capacity will be up and running in 2010, benefiting results in our specialty plastics segment. Turning next to our industrial gasification project in Beaumont. One of the fundamental beliefs we continue to hold is that there will be a significant spread between liquid and solid hydrocarbons for many years in the future. And that we can exploit that through industrial gasification. Because of a global recession and a consequent decline in demand for natural gas and oil, the spread has compressed in the near term, although it is still wide relative to historical norms. Looking out beyond this recession, we remain confident that all the economic and political trends support the continued expansion of this spread. We expect natural gas prices to rise from where they are today driven by the demands of new power generation, recovering industrial use, and the implementation of global climate change policies in the US and abroad. At the same time, we see petcoke prices declining from where they are today as petcoke supply increases and declining coal prices pressure petcoke. And so we continue working diligently to complete the milestones you see listed on this slide. The first is the front end engineering and design or FEED process, which we still expect to complete this summer after working to lower the costs as much as possible. Enhanced oil recovery, which has been practiced successfully for over 30 years in Texas continues to be our CO2 solution for the project. We continue to work on completing input and output contracts for the project. And we continue to work on financing. Now some of you may not be familiar with the Department of Energy Federal loan guarantee that we are pursuing for this project. That program was established in 2005 by the Energy Policy Act. We were chosen as one of the 16 finalists out of 143 applicants in 2007. Our full application was successfully submitted about two months ago. And a decision is expected in the second half of 2009. The due diligence requirements for this program are consistent with commercial project financing. And if successful, this would eliminate dependence on the commercial bank market. 2009 is a very important year for this project. And we will update you as we make progress on these milestones. So to summarize, certainly, the global recession is presenting near term challenges, and we are focused on (inaudible) them. We enter 2009 as well positioned financially as we have ever been. And we will continue to pursue attractive growth options in a very disciplined manner. With that, Ill turn it back over to Greg.
Greg Riddle: Okay. Thanks. Rufus, we are ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. (Operator instructions) And we will pause for just a moment to assemble the question roster. And for our first question, we go to Jason Minor with Deutsche Bank.
Jason Minor  Deutsche Bank: Thank you. Good morning.
Brian Ferguson: Good Morning, Jason.
Jason Minor  Deutsche Bank: Firstly, I think when Curt last talked about raw materials headwinds, he described a 60 to 100, 80-day lag to see some of the benefits flow through. But given volumes, it sounds like that maybe extending. I just wondered if you could discuss where we are in that sort of thinking now. But if it were in fibers, where would you expect or when would you expect pressures on raw materials side at the east?
Brian Ferguson: Let me jump on the fibers one first, and then let Curt do the company as a whole, if I could. Because something unusual happened last year where the raws moved so much on us, with wood pulp and coal. The industry actually had a price increase during the year. It happened during the fourth quarter. So yes. The impact of having the raw materials for the full quarter, but the pricing only kicked in for a portion of the quarter. So you would expect that to even up here during the first quarter. And fibers overall is still such a strong business. And I think we reacted well to what we saw in the raw materials there. And Ill let Curt
Curt Espeland: Right. And Jason, what youre seeing and some of the impact of the inventory turns, because really what were referring to there, was really the fourth quarter, which was were you saw demand coming up as well as we were running our plants to focus on our cash flows. If you look at how were starting the year, right now basically, our production is there to match demand. So you should see the inventory turns that youd normally expect in our businesses as were matching the demand and production. Well, all that said, were probably going to run off most of these high cost inventory this quarter. Therell be a little of a lag in some of the plastics, but most of it runs off this quarter.
Jason Minor  Deutsche Bank: Thats very helpful. Okay. Thank you. And just on raw materials and energy again, in the quarter, you mentioned about $25 million of headwind. How does that overlap perhaps with the $60 million plus of hedging loss? And maybe just to drill down a second in PCI, roughly, how much were those impacts in PCI in the quarter?
Curt Espeland: Sure. To answer that question. I think the $25 million excluded the hedging. So the headwind of the $25 million is on top of the hedging headwinds. If you look at the impact of the hedges in the fourth quarter, those are predominantly natural gas and propane. And Id say two-thirds of the $60 million you saw on PCI and the rest of it, to a greater extent you saw in CASPI, was spread with the rest of the businesses.
Jason Minor  Deutsche Bank: Thats very helpful. And then the last question, on IntegRex. What kind of conditions in the PET market would you expect would create additional demand for licensing? It sounds like theres a lot of pressure. And I know youre low cost.
Brian Ferguson: Yes. This is an industry thats got an unstable industry structure. As we look around, we see bankruptcies, we see significant restructurings. Lots of rumblings of people that are either operating at or below cash margins. And the technology provides an opportunity to go to a lower cost position. There are some people who are actually in a drop dead position where its actually advantageous to move to the new technology as opposed to where they are, especially in things like PTA. So yes, we continue some discussions there on the licensing. And I think a little bit of improvement in the business demand went also  people are little paralyzed, just generally, right now. So a little pick up in the business level would also be helpful from that standpoint.
Jason Minor  Deutsche Bank: Fair enough. Thank you very much.
Operator: For our next question, we go to PJ Juvekar with Citigroup.
PJ Juvekar  Citigroup: Yes. Hi. Good morning.
Brian Ferguson: Good morning, PJ.
PJ Juvekar  Citigroup: If I look at your portfolio, fibers are steady, CASPI is a decent business. We all know PCI is cyclical. And then in performance polymers, which is basically PET, you were holding out for hope for double digit margins with IntegRex and all that. But PET is PET. Can you really achieve that kind of  those kind of margins?
Brian Ferguson: Well, we believe we can achieve above cost of capital or we wouldnt have invested. When I look back  and just to give you some reference points here. We had about two quarters last year, the second and third quarters on IntegRex. The first quarter was a startup quarter, fourth quarter was messed up. So second and third quarters. And I look at those quarters. Those were money making quarters for IntegRex. And thats before we get a significant expansion and we also improved the quality. So do I worry about whether Im going to get above cost of capital on the IntegRex investment? I mean no, I dont. Its going to be  its not going to be an investment where we have to apologize for. The other PET, obviously, is dragging everything down. Those are assets we have held for conversion to specialty plastics over time. But PJ, the flipside of the coin is, supposing I decided to unload or shutdown PET assets, Id still have an intermediate engine that has to run. I have to move to PTA. So the question is, are you going to like moving PTA any better than you like moving PET. If you decide you dont want to make the PTA, now you have an entire asset heal strain that starts to drag down. Its integrate  entwined into the engines of our streams. And thats the dilemma when people think about the question, Why dont you just sell PET or get rid of it? Wouldnt that be better? Its a more complicated question than that.
PJ Juvekar  Citigroup: Okay. I got it. It has got the mass balance and energy balance.
Brian Ferguson: Yes. And you got to keep the engine running in the center. Otherwise, you start dragging down the coal, gas, and everything else because youre not making PTA.
PJ Juvekar  Citigroup: Okay. And one question for Curt. Curt, you mentioned, I think, $25 million to $50 million pension funding next year, or I should say this year. Can you talk about what youre P&L expense was for pension 08 and what it would be in 09?
Curt Espeland: The pension expense, I dont have right at my fingertips, but youll that I think its $39 million through nine months. You can analyze that. As it relates to pension increases in 2008, 2009 over 2008, it will be $5 million to $10 million higher.
PJ Juvekar  Citigroup: Okay. And just one more quick question, I think, Brian, you mentioned M&A possibility. But over the last years, you basically sold these businesses. So with a strong balance sheet and cheaper valuation, what kind of assets you might look at? Thank you.
Brian Ferguson: Well first, before I turn this question over to the guy thats going to be making those decisions. Let me point out that we do want to ride. The SK acquisition is an ideal situation. Its going to create a lot of value. Weve got a great bargain on that one because its a brown field in Asia, meaning that its cheaper than a green field in Asia. So we got a great cost position on that. So its not like we havent done it. But when we consider the future in M&A, I think Ill turn it over to Jim and let him comment on that.
Jim Rogers: Yes. Thanks for the question, PJ. I mean first, before I even talk about M&A, let me assure everybody on the call, our number one priority right now is running the businesses, okay, and turning out the cash as best we can. I like the position Im inheriting in that it is a strong balance sheet. The management team has been very disciplined. We havent been chasing acquisitions during the big boom years. So were not sitting here trying to explain why were trying to pay for something that looks so good a year ago, but now were suffering under. So youre hearing the voice of experience here when it comes to acquisitions, and you have to be very prudent. But I understand the gist of your question. Youre looking for what is the opportunity. How do we take advantage of the fact that we had been so been disciplined and we got the cash on our books and we have the deck capacity? I would say that as we look in the future and the different uses for cash, everythings going to be on the table. But I dont feel compelled that we have to run out and do an acquisition just to show that weve got a strong balance sheet. It has to be something that really makes a lot of sense. I like what were doing in the fibers business with SK. Thats the kind of thing that just  very, very high probability that youre going to like the return on that. And so I would think youll see us be conservative. But were aware that shareholders want us to give them a reason to ride with us when we come out of this recession. And were going to be looking for everywhere we can to create value with our balance sheet.
Operator: Any further questions, sir?
PJ Juvekar  Citigroup: No. Thank you very much.
Operator: And for our next question, we go to Mike Judd with Greenwich Consultants.
Mike Judd  Greenwich Consultants: Yes. Good morning. Is there any off balance sheet debt thats not included in those net debt numbers?
Curt Espeland: We do have accounts receivables securitization program and $200 million. Thats still available to us and is fully drawn at the end of the year.
Mike Judd  Greenwich Consultants: Okay. All right. Fair enough. Going back to this issue of the lag in the push through of lower raw material costs. Given the overall operating rates of the year anticipating in the March quarter, where would you expect  and I realize the visibility is well here, but where would you expect to begin to realize some benefits from that? Because its just difficult from our perspective to know what youre exact US LIFO inventories look like from the raw material perspective.
Brian Ferguson: Yes. Were going to run off the high cost raw materials this quarter  the vast majority, were going to run off this quarter. The slow returns we have are in the specialty plastics area, and that may lag a little while longer. But many of them are running off in the middle of February, some of them are waiting until the end of March. Mostly, the raw material effect that we talked about is running off this quarter.
Mike Judd  Greenwich Consultants: Okay. And lastly, in fibers, again given the  it looks like a lot of that goes into China. What are some of the dynamics at least in January that youve seen there. Is it just a continuation of what you saw in December? Or is there  what do you anticipate there at least in the near term?
Brian Ferguson: The fibers business is going to run flat out on nec [ph] and tow in 2009. This is a business that, well, did not do better than 2008 this year. But its not going to be meaningfully worse than 2008 this year either. You should not  my point is, you should not be trying to annualize the fourth quarter to look at fibers. Weve always used the word chunky on fibers. The fourth quarter would fit the definition of chunky by any measure. The demand for tow remains strong globally and continues to grow faster elsewhere in the world as it declines in North America. So were not worried about (inaudible) for tow demand at all.
Mike Judd  Greenwich Consultants: The Chinese New Year just passed. I realized that that was really just a very recent occurrence, only a week ago. But what should  what are you looking to in that business as an indication of central pick up or inventory re-stocking, or whatever?
Brian Ferguson: Everyone has been anticipating that there would be a resurgence of demand from Asia following the Chinese New Year. And it has just concluded, as you said. And yes, there are some early indications that demand is starting to pick up. I think Ive said in the comments, we dont have great visibility. We believe February is going to have a higher operating factor than January. We believe that based on looking at one or two weeks worth of data that could change at the end of February. We dont know. And Ive never  Ive never seen a March that was worse than a January. I got to tell you, March is usually better. So I would expect some improving demand through this quarter. And thats why we said we think this quarter has a low 70s kind of an operating factor as opposed to the 66 and four. So we were counting on some of the Asian demand in that math. Early indications are its going to  its starting to happen, but its just too early to call.
Mike Judd  Greenwich Consultants: Fair enough. Thanks for the help.
Operator: We go next to Jeffrey Zekauskas with J.P. Morgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas  J.P. Morgan: Hi. Good morning.
Brian Ferguson: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey Zekauskas  J.P. Morgan: Did you say earlier in the call that settlement of your hedges cost you about $60 million in the quarter?
Curt Espeland: Thats correct.
Jeffrey Zekauskas  J.P. Morgan: So if thats the case, why shouldnt the first quarter earnings be, I dont know, $0.60 a share higher than the fourth quarter earnings because you dont have the hedge off of?
Curt Espeland: Yes. Thats a good question. Really what youre seeing the dynamic occur is a couple of things, one is, during the fourth quarter, raw materials did come up and come down lower. So you actually generated a  and as a North America producer, you generated a LIFO benefit of that. And in essence, that hedge, to a greater extent, offset that LIFO impact.
Brian Ferguson: Another way to think about this, Jeff, we had the  had the extra hedges. If the hedges hadnt been in placed in the fourth quarter, we wouldnt been able to take advantage of the discontinuity of falling raws with prices still high. Unfortunately, the prices have had a chance to equilibrate to the new raw material positions. So we lost our shot.
Jeffrey Zekauskas  J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thats helpful. Second, if I understood your commentary, youd be increasing your tow capacity by about 20% over the next couple of years. But the tow market probably grows at, I dont know, 1% or 2%. Why have so much capacity relative to that rate of global growth?
Brian Ferguson: Well, about 20,000 tons of that is a share shipping from somebody else to us. Its not all new tow. Were talking about our capacity growing much, but necessarily the world capacity growing that much.
Jim Rogers: I was going to say SK had some capacity, and all were doing is taking those existing assets and moving them to another part of the country. And now, we own 80% of that. So that 20% is a combination of the European expansion, which is for Eastern Europe, which is growing as well as us taking a bigger presence in Asia, which of course is the big growth market. And just like Brian said, its not an additional  all those tons arent even a market.
Jeffrey Zekauskas  J.P. Morgan: Okay. And then lastly, on the Beaumont project. When I guess I look at some of the industrial gas companies that are always involved in very capital intensive projects, what they have are take-or-pay features to them or they have various ways that they normalize the returns or generate a steady return on capital with the potential for upside. And those are relatively large companies compared to Eastman. And when we look at whats happened in the volatility of energy prices over the past couple of years, the volatility has been much greater than people might have imagined. And so when you think of investing a very large amount of money relative to the size of Eastman in the midst of all this volatility, are there ways that you feel that you can regularize your returns? Or do you just have to get your ideas about these spreads ride over a longer period of time and theyre essentially unhedged?
Brian Ferguson: Thats a great question. What you see us trying to do is to replicate the business on what is used by the bigger companies. Were daisy chaining the take-or-pay aspects of this in a couple of ways. And then on top of that, we lay in hedges as part of the financial structure to lock in some of the inputs. So this would look more like a utility company play where they lock in natural gas and electricity on both ends. I serve on a utility Board, and Im always amazed that they can lock in gross margins a year or two in advance because they do forwards and options on both the inputs and the outputs that they are involved with. Its the same kind of methodology that were pursuing here. If you think about whats required for project financing, you have to have guaranteed margin to pull that off. And so we would not be able to qualify for project financing if we did not lock in those margins, Jeff.
Jeffrey Zekauskas  J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: For our next question, we go to Jeffrey McCarthy with Bank of America and Merrill Lynch.
Jeffrey McCarthy  Bank of America and Merrill Lynch: Yes. Good morning.
Brian Ferguson: Good morning.
Jeffrey McCarthy  Bank of America and Merrill Lynch: Just to clarify on the commodity hedges. If propane and natural gas stayed where they are today, what would be the impact, if any, of the hedges in the first quarter of 09?
Curt Espeland: We still have an active hedging program. But at the start of the year, we have no forwards outstanding on any commodity hedges. So if anything, we might have a few options to try to help protect the floor. But it all comes down to how our pricing responds to the impact of the new raw materials.
Jeffrey McCarthy  Bank of America and Merrill Lynch: Great. And then, as you  as prices decline in 4Q and you liquidated inventory at lower prices as the quarter progressed, is it possible to quantify the effect of that across the company in the quarter?
Curt Espeland: Thats hard for me to differentiate that factor versus all the factors that you had. I mean there is this tremendous margin pressure when you put all the factors together.
Brian Ferguson: The look back is  we could do it, but Im not sure to be instructive. I think maybe where youre getting at is, where do you start to breakeven and make money? You dont make money at 50%. Obviously, we operated around 65% in the fourth quarter, and we just about broke even. So the math tells you that when you start heading north of that, we start to make money. Id indicated that were going to start to head north of that this quarter, but we dont know how much north of that. So thats the kind of math youre probably trying to get to.
Jeffrey McCarthy  Bank of America and Merrill Lynch: Fair enough. Then a question on the Workington and Korea expansions, you mentioned youd be exporting coal based chemicals from Kingsport, presumably anhydride. Gas looks like its $4.5 at the moment. Is there a price at which you may in the future decide to discontinue export and shift sourcing to local vendors?
Brian Ferguson: Its not actually anhydride, its acetate flake that we ship. And its from here in Kingsport where were starting from coal.
Jeffrey McCarthy  Bank of America and Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Brian Ferguson: Its very advantaged for us to serve all these sites  both these sites from Kingsport. And I think its highly unlikely that we do something else.
Jeffrey McCarthy  Bank of America and Merrill Lynch: Great. A final quick one, if I may, what is your outlook for PET demand in 2009 recognizing that visibility is low and used markets in food and beverage. You would think by hanging reasonably well by now, theres been waiting of other factors going on.
Brian Ferguson: So are you asking for the PET demand or?
Jeffrey McCarthy  Bank of America and Merrill Lynch: Yes. Do you think it goes back to a positive number?
Brian Ferguson: Yes, I do. I mean its  yes, I do. I think more importantly, since were  we have maybe two-thirds of our capacity at the lowest point in the cost curve, were going to be running flat out on that. So our problem ultimately  it has been an issue of volume demand. But ultimately its not going to be volume demand for us, its going to be about spread. And weve got the best cost position than anybody can hope to have right now, so. The PET question for the year probably wont be volume driven. It will be what is the industry structure looking like. How desperately is it weaving? And is there enough spread to get where we need to be?
Jeffrey McCarthy  Bank of America and Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Operator: We go next to Chris Willis of Impala.
Chris Willis  Impala: Hi. Good morning. I just have a follow up question on fibers. I mean how much of the delta in terms of the decline in the fourth quarter is related to the acetate tow versus the other products in there? Was it a mix issue or cost issue? Can you just flesh out a little detail there please?
Brian Ferguson: Yes. Think about it in two buckets, Chris. Apart from tow, we have acetate yarn as well, which is something we like to run and it helps absorb costs. And typically, honestly, a breakeven business, now its a little positive and now its a little negative. This quarter, just given whats happened to apparel, thats another portion of the stream that ran less than 40% utilization on our yarn business. So that was a chunk of  when we talk chunky, thats one of the chunks that brought it down from its normal run rate. The other was this lag between wood pulp and coal going up, and us giving the price increases only for a portion of the quarter.
Chris Willis  Impala: All right. Thank you.
Operator: We go next to Frank Mitsch with BB&T Capital.
Frank Mitsch  BB&T Capital: Good morning, gentlemen. Just a follow up on that, so from youre perspective, when you look at fibers chunky. Theyre chunky bad. This was one of the chunky bad ones. And you dont have any causes for concern that volumes down 10% is going to play itself out in 09?
Curt Espeland: Hey, Frank. Absolutely not. In fact, in a way, Im a little surprised at all the attention for fibers. I thought I was just going to get to sit in on this call. I dont think Id answer all these stuff. I mean, if you look across Eastman, fibers is a business you should least be concerned about. If you look across the industry, I could probably say pretty much the same thing. Fibers remained a great business. You heard the main driver, the tow, is going to run flat out as its been doing. And were expanding. Thats just a good story overall. So well see what happens in the apparel world. See how well we can manage our cost around yarn. We caught up when it comes to price versus the raws. I mean well see where they go from here. But that one looks good. And as Brian was trying to ballpark it for you, its just a little  the expectations are just a little less than what it did this year. But it certainly has the $2 in front of it. Its probably close to  its between the $2.20-ish to $2.30-ish, I guess, if you really want to hone in on it.
Frank Mitsch  BB&T Capital: I will. Yes. I know that on the acetate, youre implying that the casket linings is a dying business. So thats I think is a part of the issue that we have there. I think you talked earlier about some cost cutting initiatives in 2009, a $100 million. Can you talk a little bit of more about the timing of that and how you anticipate that impacting your income statement?
Brian Ferguson: The effect of the cost cutting was almost immediate. You notice you dont see any restructuring charges. We dialed the labor knob back. And its almost instantaneous. I think Curt told you that the fourth quarter labor was down 7% compared to the third quarter. Thats how quickly we dialed it down. We can do more if we need to. Curt said a couple of times, were managing for cash. We want to be self funding. We dont want to unnecessarily rely on the banks to be there for us because theyre not acting like theyre always going to be everywhere for everybody. So we look at the cash that it takes to sustain us and is going to sustain our CapEx, sustain our dividends, sustain our interest in pension issues. And if we need to do more on that, we can. But the effects are already immediate. We dont have to wait for them to kick in.
Frank Mitsch  BB&T Capital: All right. Terrific. And I think you mentioned earlier that you do see Asia getting better at this point here in the fourth quarter. And you obviously are calling for higher operating rates due to seasonal pick up. Can you talk a little bit about what youre seeing in North America and Europe?
Brian Ferguson: Its picking up slowly across the board. Its interesting. When we look at the declines, we thought wed see some differences in the declines between North America, Europe, Asia, et cetera. And they all declined between 18% and 20%. They all kind of declined together at a similar  in a similar way. The pick ups are coming across the board. Its really  the data is so limited right now. Its hard for me to give you good  really good grounded estimates on that, Frank. But so far it looks like across the board.
Frank Mitsch  BB&T Capital: All right. Thanks, Brian. Thanks, guys.
Operator: For our next question, we go to Sergey Vasnetsov with Barclays Capital.
Sergey Vasnetsov  Barclays Capital: Good morning. It is encouraging, and Ill say, youre looking to get government financing  could become available. And Im certainly glad that your government still has some money left after this issue of automotive and housing, and banking.
Brian Ferguson: Yes. We hope.
Sergey Vasnetsov  Barclays Capital: Yes. Question is, Brian, if you are successful in getting the government money as a grant or a loan, can you talk in general terms what the conditions, the amount, the interest rate, the ration, recourse and not recourse placement, and other important conditions?
Brian Ferguson: Well be talking more about that as it develops. But these are obviously advantaged interest rates. They come in the form of Federal loan guarantees. So you have a kind of a three party arrangement on that. This is long term financing. This is not bridge financing. So it goes for a long period of time. And its not like  this is not like being a government contract where we have all these reporting requirements that go along with it. This is just more or less a financial deal. It just has some guarantees that come along with it. Curt, youve got?
Curt Espeland: Yes. Sergey, the way to think of it is  especially compared to the current credit market. Obviously, as we mentioned, it still has to have the same cash flows to support a financiable [ph] project. And we continue to expect that to be on a non-recourse basis. The advantage of the Federal loan guarantee program would have is against current conditions, one is you could borrow with the Federal Funds Bank, which will have much more advantaged interest rate; and potentially, it could do at a better leverage and better terms than you might commercially. A very attractive program.
Sergey Vasnetsov  Barclays Capital: Okay. Good to hear. When do you expect to see some further meaningful updates on this loan and from the project?
Brian Ferguson: Middle of next year. And closing would be later, but middle is  Im assuming middle of this year. It is this year, middle of 2009. And then closing, probably, about a year from now.
Sergey Vasnetsov  Barclays Capital: Okay. Thank you, and good luck.
Operator: For our next question, we go to Andrew Feinman with Iridian.
Andrew Feinman  Iridian: Thank you. First of all, I just want to tell Curt that Im thrilled with the networking capital job he did in the fourth quarter, and how much you turned into cash. And then I also just wanted to commend you guys at making the tough decision, and finally telling us the answer to what capital spending would be for this year. And dropping it down $350 million to $400 million from $644 million is not something I know you were happy. But I think its a reason to still own the stock. You can carry a lot of cash this year and Im thrilled about that. The question I had was if you could just tell me the depreciation and amortization you guys see for 2009.
Brian Ferguson: Andy, Id expect depreciation and amortization to be at or slightly better  slightly higher than we saw in 2008. We had a little bit of accelerated depreciation in 2008. Thats now behind us. So weve normalized that out. But obviously slightly higher just because of the higher capital spend.
Andrew Feinman  Iridian: Well if you normalize that out, it would be around $260 million.
Brian Ferguson: Thats putting it in the
Curt Espeland: $250 million, $260 million, yes.
Andrew Feinman  Iridian: Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our question-and-answer session. Therefore, Mr. Riddle, Ill turn the conference back over to you for any closing remarks.
Greg Riddle: Okay. Thanks, Rufus. And again, thank you everyone for joining us this morning. The replay of this conference call will be available this afternoon through Friday, February 6. Have a great day.
Operator: And again, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Eastman Chemical Company fourth quarter earnings conference call. We do appreciate your participation, and you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-26 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory A. Riddle - Director, IR J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and CEO Curt E. Espeland - Sr. VP and CFO Marie Wilson - Manager, IR Greg Riddle - Director of IR
Analysts: Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets Kevin Mccarthy - Banc of America Securities Jeffrey Zekauskas - JPMorgan Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultants Greg Goodnight - UBS
Operator: Good day, everyone. And welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman's website at www.eastmanchemical.com... I apologize, that was www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company Investor Relations. Mr. Riddle, please go ahead, sir.
Gregory A. Riddle - Director, Investor Relations: Okay. Thank you, Rufus. And good morning, everyone and thank you very much for joining us. On the call with me today are Brian Ferguson, Chairman and CEO; Curt Espeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Marie Wilson, Manager, Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this call you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations for the fourth quarter and full year 2008 and for 2009. Actual results could differ materially from our plans and expectations. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's third quarter 2008 financial results news release, on our website, and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for the second quarter 2008 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for third quarter 2008. Second, except when otherwise indicated, all financial measures referenced in the call will be non GAAP financial measures, such as earnings per share and operating earnings, that exclude restructuring-related items. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures, including a description of the restructuring related items, are available in our third quarter 2008 financial results news release, and the tables accompanying the news release. With that, I will turn the call over to Brian.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning and thanks for being with us on a pretty busy day in the market place. Last night we announced earnings of $1.35 per share for the third quarter 2008, which was above the $1.27 we reported in third quarter 2007. The GAAP earnings were a few pennies lower due to restructuring related cost that Kurt will cover in his comments. Through nine months, our EPS at $4.38 is up 15% versus a year ago. We are continuing to benefit from our unique and diverse portfolio products and all the actions we've taken over the last five years to improve our profitability. Sales revenue for the quarter increased by 8% and excluding divestitures, it was up 12%. The increase is largely due to higher selling prices. Gross profit dollars, excluding accelerated depreciation improved slightly in the third quarter and through nine months compared with the year ago. This improvement was despite an increase in our raw material and energy cost of approximately $225 million in the third quarter and $575 million at nine months. Operating earnings for the continuing businesses in the third quarter and through nine months are up 6% over last year. And on the same basis, the operating margin was 11% in both the third quarter and the year-to-date, similar to the year ago period. This is in line with our goal of keeping our operating margins at or above 10%. We've been able to achieve the improvement in our gross margin, operating earnings and EPS despite a 6% to 7% decline in North American volumes, despite high commodity prices, hurricanes, financial meltdowns and a host of other financial plagues. And we are well positioned to continue delivering solid results despite the many headwinds we face. Moving on to the segment highlights, beginning with Fibers; our Fibers business continue to string a very strong quarters with operating earnings of $65 million. Through the first nine months operating margins are at 25% which is where we normally expect them to be. Further full year they are on track to report operating earnings above full year 2007. One other comment on Fibers, the 9000 metric ton capacity addition in the U.K which adds about 5% to our global capacity is up and running. And this is a very good thing because we need the material to supply our growing customer demand in Europe. Next is CASPI; CASPI came through again with a very solid third quarter at $55 million in operating earnings, despite a very difficult economic and cost environment. Revenue was up 11%, mostly due to higher prices needed to offset much higher raw materials and energy. Volumes were down, 10% due to the divestitures of some adhesives products in the first quarter and lower volumes in the U.S and Europe. Looking at fourth quarter, CASPI will see seasonally lower volumes and continued weakness in North America and Europe. But they should be able to hold up pretty well given their diverse mix of businesses. Performance Chemicals and Intermediates is next and they reported another very solid quarter. Operating earnings were $65 million. Sales revenue, excluding contract ethylene sales increased by 19%, primarily due to higher selling prices needed to offset higher energy and raw [ph]. Looking at the fourth quarter, it's normal for their operating earnings to decline sequentially. And we expect that will occur this year, due to seasonality in their volume and continued volatility. Turning next to Specialty Plastics; sales revenue in the third quarter increased by 17% year-over-year. Volume was up 8% as we benefited from continued copolyester growth and growth for cellulose esters used in LCD screens. Operating earnings for Specialty Plastics were down year-over-year, primarily due to higher raw material energy cost, particularly paraxylene which peaked at an all time record high in July. Looking to the fourth quarter, we expect the results to carry the overhang of high raw material cost in our inventories, and we will see some softer volumes as well. Turning now to the Performance Polymer segment; in the third quarter we remain profitable even in a very difficult business climate. Volumes declined 12% as a result of consumers buying fewer soft drinks and water bottles using less resin. Aggressive customer de-stocking of inventory has also occurred due to the sluggish economy. However, we continue to benefit from the numerous actions we have taken over the last two years to improve the profitability of this business. The one remaining key milestone for improving profitability in PET is the deep bottleneck of the IntegRex facility which is underway now. The cost of this will have an impact on fourth quarter results for this segment in addition to continued challenging market conditions. Now looking at regional performance, we continued in the third quarter to have about 60% of our revenue in North America and about 40% outside of North America. Despite the decline in volume during the quarter the percent of our earrings in North America increased to 55% from the previous 50%. Looking at the each of the regions beginning with North America sales revenue increased 10% as higher selling prices more than offset a decline in volume of 6%. Operating earnings improved year-over-year particularly in the PCI segment. Asia-Pacific revenue increased by 19% due to higher selling prices. Sales volume was flat as increases in Fibers, Specialty, Plastics and CASPI were offset by a decline in PCI. PCI experienced a downtime at our Singapore facility in this quarter due the inability to get raw material from a major supplier. Operating earnings in Asia increased, particularly in Fibers and Specialty Plastics, partially offset by a decline in PCI. In Europe, revenue increased by 7%, due to the continued strong euro versus the dollar and higher selling prices. Operating earnings declined slightly in all segments except for Performance Polymers. And lastly excluding divested PET product lines in Latin America, Latin America revenue increased by 14% primarily due to higher selling prices. Now looking at our fourth quarter, we continue to benefit from our global geographic profile, diverse product portfolio and solid financial position. But we're also confronting like many others, continued economic weakness in North America and Europe and slowing growth in Asia. As we expect... and we expect volatility in our raw material and energy cost to continue. Given these conditions, we expect fourth quarter 2008 earnings per share from continuing operations, excluding items related to strategic action to be near the low end of the current range of analyst's estimates on first call which is $0.90 per share. I'll conclude with a few remarks about corporate strategy and the economic environment we see Starting with an update on our industrial gasification project in Beaumont, Texas, it may be counter intuitive to say this but we think that the overall attractiveness of this project is actually set to improve as world events play out. We believe the long term spread between solid and liquid hydrocarbons that we are exploiting remains solid. We've made very good progress on contracts for inputs and outputs and now we see that for the first time the capital cost environment is starting to move in our favor. I'd like to think that we were smart or may be we were just lucky in how things have progressed. We took an early peek at the capital estimate mid way through the front-end engineering and design or FEED process, not surprising to any one the cost was high, but we could also see that the edges of the capital and material bubble were starting to fray a bit. So we chose to slow down our activities and do some more homework on profit simplification and optimization. As a result, two good things are now happening. One, we have a better design. And two, we firmly believe that capital cost will come down and improve the financial outlook for this project further. The changes we've made have caused of course some leeward in our FEED process, which we now expect to complete in the middle of 2009. This also provides some time for the banks to get settled down again before we seek financing for the project. So bottom-line, we still believe we have a unique opportunity to create value in this project, very similar to value of coal has brought to the rest of our portfolio historically. We just have to keep plowing ahead and continue to make smart decisions. The next update we'll give you on this project will be at our Investor Day in February 2009. Lastly, given that everyone believes that we are in a recession or soon will be, I am going to take a minute to describe why we're better positioned today to withstand challenging economic conditions compared with earlier this decade. First, we have a very much improved product portfolio than the last recession, after we have sold polyethylene, fine chemicals, several PET plants and a host of other actions. We have a significantly upgraded product mix. Going into this recession, we have about 10,000 employees, compared to more than 15,000 last time. And today we are closely managing all discretionary costs across the company. What makes this cycle different from some cycles for Eastman is that we are not seeing major capacity being added in most of our product lines. For our propylene derivatives, acetyl derivatives and other major product lines, the recession issue for us is lower volume demand due to economic conditions, not large capacity additions as we had in prior recessions. We don't have significant ethylene exposure now that we have divested polyethylene and are shutting down crackers. We don't have significant acetic acid exposure. We are mostly taking our acid yields to higher value derivatives like Acetate tow. We're also unique because of the durability of the earnings we derive from coal. Although the spread between coal and natural gas has recently contracted, we generated solid earnings in this third quarter with that condition. We have generated solid earnings in periods when the spread is similar to what it now and we expect that the spread will get wider going forward. Acetate tow in our Fiber segment is a product that benefits from using coal as raw material. Remember this business usually contributes about 35% to 40% of our operating earnings in a typical year. Global operating rates for Acetate tow are expected to remain at very high levels and there will be 2% to 3% global growth next year. We remain confident that the Fibers segment will deliver 20% to 25% of operating margins as we have said many times. Looking next at our Performance Chemicals and Intermediates segment; remember about 25% of the volume and roughly 50% of the earnings in this segment are from products derived from coal, which again we would expect to remain solid. For propylene derivatives that we make in PCI, we are a relatively small user compared to derivatives like polypropylene. And as I mentioned earlier, we aren't seeing significant capacity additions in our propylene derivatives. We've also taken a number of actions to improve this business, including shutting down one cracker and we have the option to shutdown others in the future. Implementing long term contracts with key customers and divesting our fine chemical business. As a result, we remain confident that this segment will continue to deliver 5% to 10% operating margins. Next is CASPI where we have also taken a number of actions to improve results compared to the prior recession. Remember in 2004, we completed the divestiture of underperforming businesses that in the previous year had revenue of approximately $700 million but operating losses of $80 million. And since then we have also taken a number of actions to improve our resins businesses such as the expansion of resins in Europe. And despite a challenging economic climate, our Coating Specialties product lines have to continue to delivered solid results. We therefore expect this business to deliver operating margins in the 15% to 20% range. Turning next to the improvement we expect in our Performance Polymers and Specialty Plastics. The PET turnaround is based on actions we have taken to reduce costs. We have shutdown 400,000 metric tons of higher cost conventional capacity. We have rebalanced our intermediates to achieve lower costs. We have removed $30 million in annual cost from soft lines of sight [ph] and as I mentioned earlier we have one key milestone left to bottlenecking our low cost IntegRex facility, which we began a few weeks ago. Certainly, the recession will impact our results but we expect PET volume in North America to grow in low single-digit next year. And in that kind of environment, given all the actions we've taken, we expect to improve operating results by $100 to $125 million in this segment next year compared with our 2007 operating loss of $53 million. In Specialty Plastics, the improvement is driven by a combination of actions we've taken to reduce cost and at higher volumes from differentiated products. We have talked to you before about our new track [ph] copolyester which is Bisphenol A3 [ph] and has a high temperature resistance among many differentiating product qualities. We're on track to have a new facility online in early 2010. We have also talked to you about our sale of esters going into LCD screens. We continue to feel very good about the long-term prospects for this business. But in the near term growth rates will be low to flat. And certainly a severe recession will make it more difficult to achieve the volume growth goals we have for our copolyester product lines. As result we see Specialty Plastics operating earnings closer to 2007 levels in the mid $60 million range next year with the growth in volume and earnings coming when the secondary economy rebounds later. When I sum up all of this, the bottom line is that we are well positioned to whether an economic downturn and deliver very solid results next year. With that I will turn it over to Curt.
Curt E. Espeland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, everyone. And thank you, Brain. I have been in this seat coming on two months now and given the continued turmoil in the marketplace, it is truly an interesting time. But I feel good about the prospects of Eastman Chemical and as CFO I still sleep very well at night. Let me share a couple of reasons why? First, Eastman has a strong balance sheet, as our underlying business and financial strategies have served us well. Our balance sheet fundamentals are indicatives of the strong BBB credit rating that we have had quite some time now, and that feels pretty good. Second, Eastman has sufficient liquidity to meet foreseeable cash flow requirements. At the end of third quarter we had $337 million of cash and equivalents. We have available to us a non-drawn committed $700 million revolving credit facility with substantially all of it available well into 2013. And we have no material debt maturities until 2012. Third, our portfolio of businesses provides a healthy platform to generate sustainable cash flows. Over the past three years we have generated on average over 700 million of cash from operations and we are on a path to repeat this performance in 2008. And lastly, Eastman has and will continue to be well disciplined with the use of cash. All these factors combined, put Eastman in a good place to mange through the current credit and economic environment. This is further evidenced by our performance in third quarter. So let me cover some more of the specifics for the quarter. Regarding cash flows; our cash generated from operations in the third quarter increased to $214 million, totaling $293 million for the first nine months. This compares to $411 million generated in the first nine months of 2007. As the primary source of cash flow, operating earnings remain solid in the third quarter. The relative change year-over-year can be attributed to an increase in inventory, due to higher underlying raw material costs, and certain inventory builds in preparation for plant shutdowns in the fourth quarter, as well as a decrease in some payables. In fourth quarter, we expect to generate strong cash flows from operations, including a reduction in working capital. This is a normal seasonal pattern for us and we have taken actions such that this pattern will hold in the current economic environment. Our priorities for uses of cash: First, we continue to pay a regular dividend as we have for the last 59 quarters since we've been a public company. And our current dividend is yielding nearly 5%. Next, we maintain a disciplined approach to funding targeted growth initiatives. Our capital expenditures were $153 million in third quarter 2008 totaling $431 million for the first nine months. This compares to $346 million in the first nine months of 2007. We will selectively fund our growth initiatives recognizing we need to balance, the expected benefits of such initiatives relative to the timing of the underlying market opportunity. In addition, as Brian discussed, we have slowed capital investment inline with the adjusted timeline for our Beaumont gasification initiative. While capital spending will be lower than previous expectations, capital expenditures are expected to be between $625 million and $650 million for the year. We continued construction on the Eastman Tritan copolyester facility. We look forward to this additional commercial capacity coming online in early 2010. The low cost to bottleneck of our IntegRex facility in South Carolina is under way. This bottleneck will add an additional 50% of IntegRex capacity. We have converted 50,000 metric tons of PET capacity to copolyesters at our South Carolina facility. And we have just completed the expansion of our UK acetate tow facility. Lastly, we were active with our share repurchase program under the $700 million authorization of September 2007. During the third quarter we bought back an additional $231 million of outstanding shares. Through the first nine months we have purchased $501 million of outstanding shares, leaving a $117 million remaining under authorization. That brings me to net debt, which is defined as total borrowings less cash and equivalents. We have been reducing our net debt significantly over the past several years. And we ended the quarter with net debt of $1.1 billion. The year-over-year increase in net debt is primarily due to a lower cash balance, driven by share repurchases and increased capital spending as I just reviewed. Even with the increase our net debt to total capital remains at a good place at 35%. Moving to interest expense, our net interest expense was $19 million for the third quarter of 2008 and $53 million in the first nine months. Slightly higher than the same period in 2007, as lower interest income on our lower invested cash balances was partially offset by lower interest costs. We continue to expect net interest expense to increase slightly for full year 2008 compared with 2007 for the same reason. Other expense during the quarter of 2008 was negatively impacted by earnings by $7 million primarily related to foreign exchange losses as the dollar strengthened. Similarly, the year-over-year change is primarily related to the impact of those losses compared with gains in 2007 when the dollar weakened. Moving to taxes; our third quarter 2008 effective tax rate for continuing operations was 33%. As the reduced capital spending on the Texas gasification project, mentioned earlier resulted in lower expected investment tax credits for the year. In the fourth quarter we do expect to benefit from the R&D tax credit that was recently passed into law and that should reduce the rate to a bit below 30% in the fourth quarter. Putting this all together, our tax rate for full year 2008 on a continuing operations basis should still be around 30% for the year. Wrapping up, let me mention a few minor restructuring events in the third quarter of 2008 that totaled approximately $0.02 per share. We recognized asset impairments and restructuring charges of $2 million related to previous divestitures and the transformation of the PET assets in South Carolina. And we recognized $3 million in accelerated depreciation costs related to previously announced actions including cracker shutdowns at Longview and the transformation of our PET assets in South Carolina. Lastly, we expect to recognize the last of these accelerated depreciation costs of $2 million in the fourth quarter. With that, I'll turn it back over to Greg.
Gregory A. Riddle - Director, Investor Relations: Okay. Thanks Curt. Rufus, we are now ready for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions]. And for our first question we will go Prashant Juvekar with Citigroup.
Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup: Good morning guys.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Curt E. Espeland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup: I have a question on performance plastics and PET. Your guidance would imply that in '09 you would make over $50 million in operating earnings, roughly somewhere in that ballpark. You made $1 million this quarter. And I understand the guidance was put forward a year ago but the world has changed in the last one year. So how do you go from making $1 million this quarter to more than $50 million next year?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Now P. J., we anguished over this many times, I have spent hours on the waterfalls, a waterfall charge that'll take us from this year to next year. It's a combination of volume and lower costs that kick in. I mean this year we had a lot of costs relative to off class material, early in the year because the IntegRex plant was starting up and had issues. We've had expenses related to the expansion that we are doing that are not all capitalized. We had to shut down cost [ph] this quarter. And we have all the issues that came along with taking up 400,000 tons of old capacity, putting in new. All those things laid on the P&L for this business. Next year all that is off the deck. And so you can bet that when I choose to walk the plank on a statement like this, I've given it some thought. And we have chewed on this quite a bit. We stand by the statement.
Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup: Well, I know you are a thoughtful guy, but can you just give us some idea of how much was that expensed this year?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Probably more than $20 million, more than probably $20 million to $30 million on the expense related items. And then maybe you throw in shutdowns stuff and other things that are going on this, I mean this is a bunch [ph] of expense.
Curt E. Espeland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And the additional IntegRex capacity.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And of course don't forget the leverage of additional IntegRex capacity as well being a piece of this. You are switching lower cost plants for expensive plants that you were selling this year and you get more out of the lower cost plants.
Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup: Right.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: nd I guess the other thing as we were saying for sometime. This is a perennially over supplied market. It's not like there is some kind of capacity cycle going on this is the market that's 50% oversupplied pretty much every day of your life. So it is not like the margins are going to move a whole lot compared to this year
Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup: And then one quick question about PCI. I mean you done a good job of restructuring, CASPI shutting down ethylene plans. The one thing that has not changed in your portfolio is PCI, which is your most cyclical business?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I say, I would say that has changed. PCI of course, we sold the fine chemicals business which was a big weight on that, we have changed the contracting. We are less dependent on manufacture developments. And what's not so apparent to you is the upgrading of product mix. And the just a general comment PJ for the whole company; if you look at our volume right now and you compare this volume to something several years ago, the company's volume really hasn't changed. And yes, we have gone from $1 per share EPS up to $5 plus share EPS, how's that even possible? All across the company we have upgraded mix. We sold think like polyethylene and PET and low value added CASPI lines and we have added higher value added things. That has gone on in PCI as well. And that's part of the story.
Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup: So, this acetyl price is declining in China. It's not much of a worry for you?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, we are very different from Celenese [ph] these or a BP. We have the vast majority of our acetyl are heading into things like filter tow and CAB, they go into coating specialties and number of... all the products that have A's in them for us. CTA going into LCD screens, CAB is going into coating specialties, acetate tow, see if we can have that derivative. We have a little marginal amount of the acetic acid. We make to keep the balance working so that we have a little bit of supply for that. But we are a very different animal than either a BPO or Celanese [ph] in that respect.
Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup: Thank you.
Operator: For our next question we go to Frank Mitsch with BB&T Capital Markets.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Good morning folks.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Hey, Brian. You briefly touched on some downtime in Singapore in the third quarter and obviously the PET conversion in the fourth quarter. Can you size the various downtimes for the third quarter in aggregate? And what your expectation is in terms of the cost for the fourth quarter?
Marie Wilson - Manager, Investor Relations: The Singapore outage had which had very little impact from an earnings standpoint. We did point out the volume issue to you it and have a little bit impact on their volume, but not so much on the earnings side.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And we've even exercised the fourth quarter. People ask the question whether the fourth quarter for PET be worse than it was last year. No, it going to be a lot better than it was last year. But we've contemplated the impact of PET in the fourth quarter guidance we gave you. So, that's part of the reason for $0.90 instead of a better number. But I really don't want to size it for you beyond that. That's one of the other things that's going to away next year, that's not going to be in the numbers.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, fine. You also commented with respect to the fourth quarter, volatile loss. And obviously you've been dealing with high raw materials throughout the year. But it looks it's heading in you favor now, is that not correct?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely, we have this ability to climb in both directions. We can buy climb up and climb up but it goes down. But winding when it goes up, it' because your cost are growing up. But winding when it goes down is that customer's, especially in the fourth quarter the end of the people order less because they're de-stocking. If you also have prices falling they're waiting for that bottom to happen in the pricing so that they don't buy more expensive materials. So, they hold their best choice to order, waiting for prices to fall further. And then, if you go into economic recession on top of that they don't know what their volumes are going to be. So they have a third reason not to order. So, the volumes... the volume risk is what you worry about on down volatility. Because people just go to the last minute. And that's what we mean when we say volatility in the first quarter. This is all going to play in your favor when you get to the first obviously, part of our optimism about next year. But it's something to whine about now.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: I appreciate your ken [ph] on winding that's rare in this industry. Lastly, you obviously took advantage of the falling stock price during the third quarter in terms of the share buyback. Curt mentioned you have a 117 million less on the current authorization obviously. The credit markets economic concerns et cetera have taken the stock down further. What's your expectation in terms of when you want to finish that program and potentially reauthorizing other one?
Curt E. Espeland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Frank, this is Curt. I will go ahead and answer that. As I mentioned we did generate good strong cash flows than we could. We have sufficient liquidity. We have been looking at their program and as it relates to our overall priorities for cash, just recognize that in the current market place there is a premium on cash as its stands today. But, our three priorities that we've had continue to be to pay our dividend to fund these growth initiatives that I think are going to create good value for our shareholders and we will continue to look at share repurchase programs. And as these things unfold, we will continue to decide how active we'll be in this quarter and we'll continue to follow that path.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: That's terrific. I feel like I am a moderator at a debate asking a question not getting that... not getting the clearance, but I understand where you are coming from.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Frank, we have never given that... we have never given a straight answer to that question, you know why. I mean, what you heard in the answer, we didn't change our posture; we're going to do what make sense and will tell you later.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Terrific. Thank you very much.
Operator: For our next question we go to Kevin McCarthy with Banc of America Securities.
Kevin Mccarthy - Banc of America Securities: Yes, good morning.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Kevin.
Kevin Mccarthy - Banc of America Securities: Brian, with regard to the industrial gasification project, can you update us on what you are seeing there in terms of capital cost relative to your old forecast, which I believe was 1.6 billion and also the new timeline there?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, the 1.6 billion is a really old number. If we had the 1.6 billion we would be ecstatic. There was some significant acceleration that happened between the 1.6 and the time we picked that this summer. Yet, we are moving back down into numbers that are more reasonable. I really hesitate to say because we're still midway through. But, it is the kind of the numbers that generate very healthy, un-levered returns. So, we are optimistic about how that's going to turn out.
Kevin Mccarthy - Banc of America Securities: Timeline.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The timeline questions, what we have indicated to you is, we thought we would get done with the feed process to this month and I would be reporting to you on how did it turn out. Because we decided I think wisely to pause, we probably don't get down with that process till the middle of next year. So that kicks everything out a good six to nine months at least. It kicks the feed out a good nine months, what we are seeing in construction environment is that we may get faster lead times when do pull the trigger, may be able to go a little quicker just because it looks like everything is going to start to slow down. We are encouraged by the very rapidly falling prices of commodities like steel and stainless steel and we hear a lot of anecdotal data about projects starting to slow down. So, that could not only reduce our costs but speed our time to construction.
Kevin Mccarthy - Banc of America Securities: Just a follow up on that, energy, at least crude oil and nat gas are roughly half of where they were in early July. As I recall you were very comfortable with the economics at $45 oil, $5 to $6 gas, is that still the case?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, when we look at the spreads that we see today or the spreads that we see going into... especially spreads we see going into the future when we're not in the middle of a worldwide recession, we feel very good about the structural viability of it. We debated whether we should you a chart showing you the long term history of this and decided that it was more trouble than it was worth to try show you that right now. But the history says that there is a structural widening of the relationship between coal and natural gas. And we remain confident, that is there every external data we can accumulate tells us that, that is going to happen. So we do feel good about that.
Kevin Mccarthy - Banc of America Securities: Yes, I want to ask you about Specialty Plastics as well. Obviously there has been margin compression there, you alluded to the paraxylene cost pressure issue. I was wondering, are you seeing any creeping commoditization in the copolyester business and what you are seeing on the other side as it relates to cellulose esters for LCDs?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, good question. Every plastic goes through a period of being very, very special and then it commoditizes. I can remember a time when we, the first days of PET people dared to use the word specialty when they were describing PET. It didn't take very long for that world to change. We've always had a continuum in this business and in every plastics business you have this continuum. You face the challenge of constantly reinventing your business and that's what you see us doing with Tritan and LCDS's. Those continue... Tritan and LCD's continue to be excellent leading edge high margin kind of businesses. Do we think a modernization of the copolyester is happening? Sure and we will continue to reposition all the time and you have to change your game plan. You have to remember how you have to play in that kind of a world as opposed to a super special world. You see some of that going on right now. I remind you that we are not the only guys going through this. If you look at the polycarbonate guys or you look at the acrylic guys, they are getting hit and faced with the same exact issues, that's the world where we're competing. So, it's a rough playing field that we are playing in. We still have good confidence that we have enough differentiation to play well.
Kevin Mccarthy - Banc of America Securities: And finally for Curt, any thoughts on pension expense for next year?
Curt E. Espeland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Pension expense we are evaluating this quarter overall pensions will look at the end of the year. As you know, pension funds across the U.S. are been affected by the market conditions. We did start that year fully funded. So, that's a good place to start with. And we're continuing to look at this all projects. The last time I looked at pension funding status at the end of third quarter. We're in pretty good shape in the sense that we didn't see a picture where we would be required to significantly fund next year. So, that's kind of some of the dynamics we are looking at and as we get towards the end of January we will have more ability to be specific on that.
Kevin Mccarthy - Banc of America Securities: Thank you very much.
Operator: For our next question we go to Jeffrey Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Hi, good morning.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JPMorgan: I want to start by asking about the investment tax credit for the quarter. Was there and benefit from that?
Curt E. Espeland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, if you look at the tax rate you see the tax rate, it went from the normal expected full year 30% to 33%. And plus inside of that, you can tell that was not a benefit.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Not that it with the other way.
Curt E. Espeland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: With the other way and that was a result of the through up of our full year outlook for the capital spending related to the gasification.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: When we slow down we have to give some back.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JPMorgan: So how much did you give? What would your tax rate have been, you're tax dollars excluding the credit in the quarter.
Curt E. Espeland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I'd say it would have been more close to the 30% for the year.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Okay. Maybe I can follow up on that. Brian, so many things have happened, in terms of the volatility of raw materials and the cost of construction for the plant that you may have put up in Beaumont. What would be the data points that would lead you to not put up that plant?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The principal value proposition is the spread and arbitrage between two raw materials. If we believe that that was going to evaporate or it rebuild [ph] sufficiently that would be the most dramatic thing. Pretty much everything else, we can fund our way through. But that is the fundamental thing that everybody has to watch. And since nobody can really forecast energy prices, you end up signing up for a belief system on that at the end of the day. So, we test our beliefs very, very carefully but that's despite the direct answer to your question.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JPMorgan: So the idea is that you have some ideas about natural gas being sustainably, I don't know about $6 in the US?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It goes back to the marginal cost of generating, we don't try to do anything on a market basis because we don't know where markets are going to be. We've been trying to look at the marginal cost of production. And you have two choices of providing the marginal volume for the natural gas in North America. You can either drill it out or you can bring it in as LNG. Now we know that LNG is landing all across the world at much higher numbers than domestic gas. It's $10 to $12; I don't know where it is today. But it's been a lot higher than what we were seeing domestically. So then we turned to what is the marginal cost of producing in North America for the next incremental gas, that gives us some number. We also look at the long term of... the long-term situation of the kinds of coal and petrol [ph] that we use and that gives us some number. And we work after that kind of analysis.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Okay. In terms of the PET business in the fourth quarter, I take that the raw materials are falling at a very rapid rate, but prices are also falling. Can you give us a sense for the fourth quarter of whether things are occurring to our benefit or to your detriment? As there is so much raw material change?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Actually, what gives sometime starts for you to see with all the moving parts is the PET guys have done a super job of matching those two together. They have modified their pricing behavior and they have worked well enough for their customers, that throughout this year they have done a great job matching those two. So that it didn't get as much ahead or much behind. And we expect them to continue that in the fourth quarter. So, they are not going to get some kind of a giant windfall from raws falling faster than prices, nor they are going to get hurt the other way.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Seasonal volumes and there is other trends and volumes as well?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, our volumes are always up in the fourth quarter but you are asking us spread question. The spread I think is not necessarily being helped or hurt.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Order of magnitude; how much do you expect to spend for capital expenditures next year?
Curt E. Espeland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: This is Curt. We are still formulating our overall plans for next year and we'll have a good answer at the end of July, end of January.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Around time because we haven't talked to our Board about this. But the answer is obviously going to be less than this year I think.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Less than this year. Did you earlier in the call give an outlook for PCI for next year?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Say that again.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Did you give an outlook for the PCI business next year for 2009?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Not... I mean what we've done in all other businesses is we reaffirmed the five point ranges on operating margins that we've had out there for ever. So we... for PCI, we said they are going to stay inside five to 10. They are sitting at the top right now at the 10 right now. Now, this is October. My traditional time and probably my most sensible time for giving the outlook is at the end of January not the end of October. So, all we've done this time is we would tell you that we have seen recessions before. We've seen bad ones; we've seen mild ones, we see a bad one coming. We've looked at them at their operating ranges we gave you for all the businesses in the past. And we still believe that those bound, those brackets, those book ends that we give you for the businesses still hold up. And that's as specific as I'm willing to go until we have another look three months from now.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JPMorgan: And then lastly, when you think about the merger of Dow and Rohm & Hass, now, of course, Dow in some of the business that you are in Caspian and Rohm &Hass is not. Does this merger in anyway accrue to your benefit or detriment or are you indifferent to it?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Actually, it's somewhere between indifference and positive actually. They are probably more positive than negatives at the end of the day. And I won't, I can't go into that. But the...
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Why can't you go into it? How we're going to know it's positive or negative?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Just have to watch, but this will be... there are some... actually, no I don't like going to it. There is... its more positive than negative.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Are you interested in the acrylic assets?
Marie Wilson - Manager, Investor Relations: Hey Jeff, can we make that your last question?
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Yes. That's my last one.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The acrylic assets, this... let me summarize by saying we have looked at a number of acquisition targets. And frankly all of the deals that we see being done or the deals that could come to us look expensive and don't fit well strategically. And that's a general statement across the board right now.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you very much for your patience.
Operator: For our next question, we go to Mike Judd with Greenwich Consultants.
Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultants: Yes, good morning.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultants: Couple of questions, do you have the off balance sheet financing right now, any debt?
Curt E. Espeland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We do not any off balance sheet debt. We do have normal leases that you would expect a company like Eastman to have.
Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultants: And what's the nominal amount of that? Is it couple of million or so or...
Curt E. Espeland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We haven't put that information out there. We'll have to come back to you on that.
Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultants: Okay. And then just secondly, in the other category you mentioned in September quarter, there is a foreign exchange impact. I just wonder if you could provide any sort of update as to... let's just say you... I mean since the foreign exchange markets are extremely volatile even this morning. But, if you will say look at the euro or yen type of exchange rates versus the dollar today, what would you expect the magnitude of the impact to be in the fourth quarter?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think a couple of things to respond. First, our primary exposure as we look at our export business is primarily with the euro. So that's the thing we pay the most attention to. As it relates to the recent volatility and the strengthening of the dollar, that is what you saw in the third quarter and that is... we've looked at that and have built that into the fourth quarter expectations. We do have an active hedging program that helps us mitigate some of that volatility. So as I look at the next remaining quarter, to me is not a key determinant of our profitability into the fourth quarter.
Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultants: Well, is it reasonable to say that you take that minus seven and you multiply it by two or three or...?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, I would not say that, I would say kind of... the volatility you saw in the third quarter and the impact that you saw in the third quarter was probably similar to what you are going to see in the fourth quarter.
Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultants: Okay. And then, just lastly on the M&A front here, given that your net debt to total capital is relatively high here, is it fair to say that even though you guys have been buying back your shares, would you think that share buybacks would be more attractive than acquisitions at this point?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: As I said, we haven't seen an acquisition that looks attractive and you've seen us buying back shares instead, so that has been the bias so far. I'm not going to... the world's changing we'll take a look and see what the world tells us this year as time unfolds. But that's what we've been in the past.
Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultants: Thanks for the help.
Operator: And, for our next question we go to Greg Goodnight with UBS.
Greg Goodnight - UBS: Good morning, gentlemen.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Goodnight - UBS: Air products this week announced a hydrogen plan as you may know that is expected to come on stream March 2010. And their press release says this is the third plant since 2006. What I am trying to understand is how does hydrogen capacity demand... what is the projection and how does your project bid in terms of say satisfying demand growth. Is your project a half year demand growth two years, three years, I am just trying to size the market up and how your project fits into that?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: First, I want to remind you that there continues to be an incredible demand for hydrogen in the Gulf Coast and that will be going on for sometime with the crude that they have the deal with down there. With that said that Baton Rouge project that Air products announced will feed their Louisiana network and our Beaumont project feeds their West Gulf Coast network. The two networks are not connected so there is really no impact on our projects that where we're going. In terms of the size of our project, I know it's a significant fraction of your products capacity I am not sure I know the number, but it would be relative to the growth demand for the entire hydrogen market. We'd have to come back to you on that, but it's a big, it's not some kind of modest expansion, it's a pretty big one.
Greg Goodnight - UBS: The good number I gave 650 million spend a cubic foot per day seem to be considerable larger than your projects. So, it would seem to me your project is not such a large piece of the demand growth, it wouldn't digestable by the market.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I fully support you comment, we do not have any angst about being able to place hydrogen in the market place if that's where you are going with the question.
Greg Goodnight - UBS: Yes, the second thing is I know you still working through your contracts with your customers. I was wondering, why can't you structure your contract to say lock in this arbitrage, have your pricing index to your basic cost structure? I mean, isn't this something that the gas companies typically do?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Gregg, you are right on the money. And so, what you're describing is sort of what Air Products does to everybody else, right?
Greg Goodnight - UBS: Yes.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And that's exactly the design, I mean if you think about our approach to using secured financing for this project, going for project financing, that's exactly the kind of contract you need to bring to seek the financing. So, that is the plan.
Greg Goodnight - UBS: Okay. What is your thinking in terms of the probability of you executing this project, just in rough terms, is it more than likely, is it almost certain, is it...?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'm feeling I'm in the more likely category. If you just look around to what's happening in the world right now. You see a growing interest in methanol to olefins as an example. You see methanol people... I think Consol was on the television yesterday talking about how they wish they could go after a coal to diesel program. But I guess their limitation maybe more in the financing area for the time being. Everybody is discovering that this is a great resource, and they don't know exactly how to deal with some of the green house gas issues. Stopping some people we have an answer for that with this project which means we get to go ahead. I'm feeling bullish on it, I like the... I very much like the idea that we have acted smartly here to slow our pace so that the world can move toward us a little bit here. And I... that gives me more encouragement than overtime the overall value creation that's going to come along with this project is actually rising as we pause a little bit. So, what a lousy time, there is economic chaos all around us and I'm sounding like I'm enthusiastic about a big project. We are going to take our time, pace this well and when the time is right we think we are going to have a very good project.
Greg Goodnight - UBS: Okay lastly your February temp investor day, I assume is still on. Will you be able to give us significantly more details about this project at that point?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's the plan. We don't want to ruin the surprise very soon.
Greg Goodnight - UBS: Okay, thank you very much gentlemen.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. For our next question we go to Andrew Fineman [ph] with Meridian Asset Management.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks, you say you don't have any off balancing tip but you had securitized receivables. In June I think it was $200 million so are you saying you paid those off?
Curt E. Espeland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No Andy I actually took a note after that question you are correct; we do have a $200 million securitization program on top of our leasing.
Unidentified Analyst: It's $200 million.
Curt E. Espeland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes,the securitization program on top of our leasing.
Unidentified Analyst: But it's not drawn.
Curt E. Espeland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's drawn at the end of the quarter. It's included in the cash closure [ph] numbers that I gave you.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay so its $200 million end of September.
Curt E. Espeland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: And the cash flow that you gave is... you said 700 million operating cash flow for the last two years and you expect to do that again in 2008. But the first nine months was $293 million. So that means in the fourth quarter you are going to have $400 million plus of operating cash flow, is that correct?
Curt E. Espeland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That is our expectation and we are working hard towards that goal.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's not that unusual either Andy.
Unidentified Analyst: Alright okay, and then the, now you said that the capital spending was slowed. So would be 625 to 650, but I only have it at 620 in the first place. So I don't know how much slower that is?
Curt E. Espeland - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, Just keep in mind Andy, as we talk about looking into the quarter as well next year, lot of capital projects were already underway. So as you start making some of those decisions to slow projects and match similar things we talked about. You can't see that effect immediately in the fourth quarter. Some of that spend is seeing some slowing in our gasification project work as well. But we've said in the past over $600 million I wanted to give you more specifics now given the outlook that we have.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And your right, I mean, we just pulled the trigger on this. So there is... what we're talking about more is upcoming CapEx. We were on a pace to spend the bulk of which is pending this year. So there was only so much we could do to pull it down this year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks. I think it's great that you are playing by whole of [ph] stock. And I have spent a proponent of the Beaumont project for a long time. But I mean in the world we're in right now, It seems like relative to Beaumont not necessarily compared to buying your own stock, but it seems like, I think you stated four time EBITDA. And so I guess if I was in your shoes today, I'd be thinking about making a take over bid for somebody doesn't necessarily has to be friendly either. Because today that might be a lot of lower risk, lower risk than the doing Beaumont. And then you could create as much if not more value just by paying the debt down over few years. Like if you were to buy Celanese I mean I think that will be a great deal. But you probably got other companies in mind. And it doesn't have to be friendly, I mean, you could go ahead with fertilizer [ph].
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes Andy, what you're saying only if the worlds changing, and ought to keep our eyes open to all the choices. And I say yes, we should keep our eyes open to all the choices. And some other times that you described as example the one that you just described I think we would have so many anti-trust problems it wouldn't be possible. But the idea which you are saying is exactly right, keep your eyes open and go for the highest value creation. And don't [ph] with a project and that's exactly right we are not going to do that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you.
Gregory A. Riddle - Director, Investor Relations: We make the next question last one please.
Operator: And ladies and gentleman we have no further questions on our roster at this time. Therefore Mr. Riddle I'll turn the conference back over to you for any closing remarks.
Greg Riddle - Director of Investor Relations: Great that worked out perfectly. Thanks again for joining us this morning. A replay of this conference cal will be available this afternoon through Friday, October 31. And I hope we are all have terrific day.
Operator: And again ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Eastman Chemical Company Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. We appreciate your presentation. And you may disconnect at this time. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Riddle - Director of IR J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and CEO Curtis E. Espeland - VP, Finance Richard A. Lorraine - Sr. VP and CFO
Analysts: Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultants Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets Kevin McCarthy - Banc Of America Securities Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup Gregg Goodnight - UBS Brian Geiger - Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman's website at www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company Investor Relations. Mr. Riddle, please go ahead, sir.
Greg Riddle - Director of Investor Relations: Okay. Thanks, Rufus, and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today are Brian Ferguson, Chairman and CEO; Rich Lorraine, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Curt Espeland, Vice President, Finance; and Marie Wilson, Manager, Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this call you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations for the third quarter and full year 2008 and for 2009. Actual results could differ materially from our plans and expectations. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's second quarter 2008 financial results news release, on our website, and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-K filed for 2007 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for second quarter 2008. Second, our comments today will reference non-GAAP financial measures such as earnings per share and operating earnings that exclude restructuring-related items. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures, including a description of the restructuring related items, are available in our second quarter 2008 financial results news release and the tables accompanying the news release. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And good morning to everyone. Thanks for being with us. Last night, we announced earnings of $1.53 per share for the second quarter of 2008. The GAAP earnings were a few pennies lower due to restructuring-related chargers that Rich will cover in his comments. Both for second quarter and through six months, our EPS is up over last year 16% and 20% respectively. And given the current economic and raw material and energy environment, the increase is a testament to our global geographic profile and diverse portfolio of products. Sales revenue increased by 4%, as we continue to work hard to offset sharp increases in raw material and energy costs with higher selling prices. If you disregard the contract, ethylene, and polymer intermediate sales related to recent divestures, our corporate revenue increased by 8% as higher selling prices more than offset our 4% decline in sales volume. The volume decline was most significant in our Performance Polymer and PCI segments, both of which were impacted by restructuring actions we have taken. Gross profit dollars, excluding accelerated depreciation, improved slightly in the second quarter compared with the year ago period. And this is despite an approximately $200 million year-over-year increase in raw material and energy costs. Year-to-date, raw material and energy costs were up about $350 million. This is a clear indication that we are a different company today than we were a few years ago. And that means we have experienced raw material increases that were more than what we experienced with Katrina, and still had very good results. The ongoing operating margin for the continuing businesses was about 10% in the quarter and this is in line with our goal of maintaining our operating margin at 10%. We also had a tax benefit during the quarter, which I'll talk more about in a few minutes. Looking at the second quarter and our first half, we are clearly benefiting from all the actions we have taken over the last several years to improve our product portfolio and our profitability and these changes have positioned us to weather the challenging business environment that we currently face. And moving on to the segment highlights, beginning with Fibers. Fibers had another terrific quarter with operating earnings of $62 million. Year-over-year, revenue was up 9%, primarily due to higher selling prices. Looking at our volumes, we had an increase in acetate tow volume, while acetyl chemicals volume was down. And that's a major reason why our profitability is up year-over-year. After a great first half with 25% operating margins, Fibers is on track for full year 2008 earnings to be slightly better than 2007, even though raw material and energy costs are expected to continue to increase in the second half of this year. Next is CASPI. Despite a very difficult economic and raw material environment, CASPI came through with a solid second quarter of $51 million in operating earnings. Revenue was up 10%, mostly due to higher prices needed to offset much higher raw material and energy costs. In particular; propane, propylene and adhesive materials like crude tall oil, piperylene and pygas were up. Margins have been challenged, particularly in specialty product lines as raw materials have continued their rapid increase. For all products, we remain focused on raising prices needed to offset the higher raw material and energy prices. As we look at the second half of this year, we expect CASPI will continue to benefit from geographic and market diversity. And we are going to have to work hard to catch up to continued increases in raw material and energy costs. Performance Chemicals and Intermediate is next and they once again delivered a very solid quarter. Operating earnings were $58 million, slightly below the year ago period. Sales revenues increased... excuse me, sales revenue, excluding contract ethylene sales, increased by 8% as higher selling prices more than offset lower sales volume. Sales volume was down 8% as the cracker we shutdown in the fourth quarter limits the amount of bulk olefins we can produce and sell. Looking forward, given the continued pressures from raw material and energy costs, we expect earnings to decline sequentially, but remain strong. Turning next to Specialty Plastics, sales revenue increased by 17%, volume was up 8%, as we benefited from continued polyester growth and growth for cellulose esters used in LCD screens. We also had higher selling prices and we benefited from a strong Euro. Operating earnings for Specialty Plastics were down year-over-year. This is primarily due to higher raw materials and energy costs, particularly for paraxylene. As oil and gasoline prices have gone up to historic levels, they have brought paraxylene prices with them. In the second quarter, paraxylene prices increased by 20% compared with the first quarter. This is very difficult for any business to recover quickly and particularly difficult for a specialty business. As a result, margins were squeezed in the second quarter. Given expectations for oil prices in the second half of this year, we expect paraxylene prices will continue to pose a challenge. Turning now to Performance Polymers, in the second quarter, we once again made solid progress improving the profitability of our PET business. With $6 million of operating earnings in the second quarter, our Performance Polymers segment was profitable for the first half of the year, which is consistent with the guidance we gave you in April. We have now completed many of the cost improvement actions we said we would take to improve profitability in this business, including building a new PET manufacturing facility based on our IntegRex technology and that continues to exceed our expectations; shutting down 400,000 metrics tons of older higher cost conventional PET capacity, shutting down our higher cost DMT intermediates capacity and expanding our lower cost PTA intermediates, removing approximately $30 million in annual costs from our South Carolina site, and divesting all of our PET and PTA capacity outside the U.S. The one remaining key milestone for improving the profitability of out PET business is the 50% debottleneck of the IntegRex facility which we will begin early in the fourth quarter. I'll also remain you that the current environment for PET in the U.S. is difficult, primarily related to the high price of paraxylene. However, we continue to do everything we can to offset raw material costs, including raising prices to preserve margin of our maintaining volume. Looking at our regional performance, our revenue in the second quarter and for the first half of 2008 was about 60% in North America and about 40% outside of North America. And once again, our earnings were closer to 50% in North America and 50% outside North America. This is consistent with how our earnings were distributed in 2007 and it's an indication that we continue to benefit from the relatively higher profitability of our sales outside of North America. Looking at North America, the second quarter revenues increased by 4% and excluding contract sales revenue I mentioned earlier, North American revenues increased by 2%. Sales volume was down 10% with the decline in all segments except Specialty Plastics. Operating earnings declined year-over-year, primarily in the CASPI and Specialty Plastics segments. In Asia-Pacific, revenue increased by 23% due to higher selling prices and increased sales volume. The higher sales volume was primarily in Fibers, CASPI and Specialty Plastics. Operating earnings increased, particularly in Fibers and Specialty Plastics. Asia-Pacific remained our second largest region at just under 20% of our overall revenue. Looking forward, we are currently experiencing an outage at our Singapore facility due to an inability to receive a key raw material from a major supplier. We expect this will have a modest impact on results for PCI and CASPI in the third quarter. In Europe, revenue increased by 11%, driven by the continued strong euro versus the dollar, and increased sales volume. The higher sales volume was primarily in PCI. Profitability in Europe increased slightly with improvements in PCI and Fibers. Lastly, excluding divested PET product lines in Latin America, Latin American revenue increased by 23% for the quarter, as volumes increased throughout the rest of the company. Now going to the outlook for the third quarter, the current business conditions are characterized by volatility and uncertainty. We are expecting costs for raw materials and energy to continue to rise in this quarter. Also, we will continue to work to implement, price increases needed to maintain our margins. Economics conditions in the U.S. are soft. Globally they seem to be holding up so far. As we have for the past several months and years, we expect to continue to benefit from our global geographic profile and our diverse product portfolio. Putting all these together, we expect third quarter 2008 earning per share from continuing operations to be similar to third quarter 2007 EPS from continuing operations, excluding items related to ongoing strategic actions. Lastly, let me conclude with a few remarks about our corporate strategy. Starting with our industrial gasification initiative, I am sure you all noticed that the effective corporate tax rate for the company was 25% in the second quarter. This is well below the 34% rate we had previously estimated for the quarter and for the year. The primary reason is the tax rate... excuse me, the initial benefit we expect from a $130 million investment tax credit for our Beaumont, Texas, industrial gasification project. You may recall, we first announced that we had been rewarded a federal investment tax credit in late 2006 when the gasification project was to be located on our Longview site. With the change in the project's location to Beaumont, we have been working with Congress, the Department of Energy and the IRS to have this credit applied to the Beaumont project. And we are very appreciative of the significant cooperation we have received from all those agencies. On the basis of that cooperation, new federal legislation enacted during the second quarter gives us belief and confident that we can transfer that tax credit to our Beaumont project. So, therefore, we are projecting our 2008 effective tax rate to be approximately 30%. This credit is based on our ongoing capital spending for the Beaumont project. So the second quarter benefit catches us up through the first half of 2008 and we expect to continue to benefit from this credit on a quarterly basis for the next couple of years, as we go forward with this project. And the benefit actually increases beyond 2008, consistent with our capital spending on this project. We are on track on our other projects milestones, including completing the front-end engineering and design efforts in the second half of this year. We are finalizing input and output contracts. We're progressing on obtaining the project financing. So, the gasification project is moving ahead. Next, we continue to make progress on our Asia-Pacific growth option for Fibers and we expect we will give you more detail on this before the end of the year. We have broken ground on our new 30,000 metric ton Tritan copolyester facility and expect that will come on line in early 2010. We continue to expect we will add additional capacity in that product given a very strong response from customers. Now, a broad perspective, just last week, I with the entire executive team reviewed plans for next year and for many years going forward. We looked at very different energy and economic scenarios, both high and low. And after that review, we remain very confident in the guidance I gave you in January that our earnings per share will be 10% to 15% higher in 2009 compared with 2008. Lastly, as you may have seen a few weeks ago, we announced some significant management changes and I would like to add a few comments to what was included in the news release. Rather then re-list all of the changes, I'd say that we are very fortunate to have the caliber of people that we do have to take these critical roles. I have total confidence in their ability to lead in their respective areas and to deliver on the aggressive growth initiatives that we have for this company. On the call with me this morning is someone many of you will get a chance to meet shortly and get to know a lot better, Mr. Curt Espeland, who will take over as Chief Financial Officer in September. Say hello, Curt.
Curtis E. Espeland - Vice President, Finance: Good morning.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Curt has been with Eastman for over 10 years in a number of different roles and I'm compliment he'll do fantastic job. Finally, I'd like to also acknowledge my friend Rich Lorraine. This will be the last investor conference call for Rich. Rich has been with me in a number of foxholes and we've fought a lot of wars together over the last five years. He has made a tremendous contribution to Eastman's success over those five years. He is a quality guy. He is really going to be missed and we wish him nothing but happiness and success in his future. With that, I'll turn the call over to him.
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, everyone. Thank you, Brian, for those kind words. My time here at Eastman has certainly been challenging, but always exciting. I am really proud of what we've accomplished as a company and where we are as compared to five years ago. I am looking forward to listening-in on these calls from the other side of the table, the investor side of the table, hearing about the growth in the businesses and the strategic initiatives delivering results. But for today now, let me come back around to the management side. This was a good quarter with solid operating results in the face of those strong headwinds. We benefited from the tax item going our way, and let me just hit a couple of highlights in our results for the second quarter. From just the first to the second quarter of this year, raw materials and energy were up about $100 million. And since the end of 2007, the increase is about $125 million. As Brian said, our business people have done a great job working through what you can only assume were very tough negotiations on a customer by customer basis, and ended up covering about 70% of that second quarter 2008 raw material increase through pricing actions. Given this cost environment, there is additional work still going on. Switching gears from pricing, Brian described the investment tax credit in support of TXE, our Beaumont project. We recorded $12 million of this credit in the second quarter, which improved earnings by $0.15 per share. Going forward, we project the benefit from this tax credit will continue with our investment in the Beaumont project growth. I'll get into a bit more detail on the tax credit in a couple of minutes. I'd like to return now to my usual agenda, cover the restructuring-related items, cash flows, net debt, interest expense, and finally circle back to the tax rate. Under restructuring area, there weren't any major restructuring events in the second quarter, just a couple of minor items that totaled about $0.05 per share. A bit of color around those. We recorded asset impairment and restructuring items of $3 million and also we recognized $3 million in accelerated depreciation. As we've discussed in the past, both of these are related to the cracker shutdowns at our Longview facility and the work being done around the transformation of the PET assets in South Carolina. With the $4 million charge we project for the second half of this year, we'll complete the accelerated depreciation adjustments for both on those sites. Moving over to cash flow, we generated $132 million of cash from operations during the second quarter, bringing us in to the black or positive cash of $79 million for the first half. That compares to $165 million and $99 million generated in the same periods of 2007. The lower level of cash generated through the first half is primarily driven by the increased inventory value and the accounts receivable value related to the higher raw materials costs and the pricing we've pushed through to recover them. We do expect our second half operating cash flow to strengthen. That's typical of our seasonal pattern. We normally release cash from working capital as we go through the second half. On uses of cash, our capital expenditures totaled $146 million in the second quarter and $278 million for the first half. That's compared to $112 million in the same quarter last year and $198 million in the first half of last year. That pretty much leaves us on track for capital expenditures to be above $600 million for the year as we continue going forward with our key initiatives. Just to tick them off again, just to remind everybody, we are going to start that debottleneck of the IntegRex facility in the fourth quarter to add 50% additional capacity there. We are going to see increased expenditures on our gasification project now that we are the 100% owner of TXE. We've got the capacity additions going on for cellulose triacetate for LCD screens, acetate tow in the UK which we will be finishing up soon, and we have started the Eastman Tritan copolyester lab construction. And finally, we will be continuing to fund improvements to increase efficiencies and invest in reliability throughout the company. As I highlighted on the April call, we also paid down some debt in the quarter. We repaid $72 million in notes that matured during the quarter and we also paid down a portion of our euro credit facility with part of the cash proceeds from the European asset sales and that was approximately US$100 million. On net debt, total borrowing less cash, we ended the quarter with net debt of $878 million about $160 million higher than the year end '07. The increase in net debt is directly attributable to lower cash balance and that's driven by the share repurchases of about 270 million through the first half of the year and we did see that $80 million of increased capital spending this year. With that increase, we still have a net debt of total cap in a pretty good place at 30%. Looking at interest expense, our net interest expense was $18 million for the second quarter of 2008 and $34 million in the first half. And that's slightly higher than the second quarter and first half of last year. And that's as a result of the lower interest income on invested cash balances. We do expect net interest expense to track slightly higher for the full year compared with last year. And that again driven by lower interest income on... we have got slightly lower interest rates as well as the lower average invested cash balances. Back to the tax situation, our second quarter effective tax rate for continuing operations was 25%, which includes that impacted investment tax credit on our gasification investment. As I look at the tax rate for the full year on a continuing operations basis, including the investment credit, we are projecting it should be around 30% for the full year. Brian discussed gasification investment tax credit in his comments a couple of minutes ago, but let me again just emphasize a few points. First, this is great for our shareholders and we are very pleased with this effective tax rate reduction. The second quarter impact does include some catch up credit for investments made on the Beaumont project before the second quarter... prior to the second quarter, which is why I'm guiding to a 30% rate going forward rather than something lower than that. And ongoing, we obviously plan to use this investment tax credit to the fullest extent possible as we continue to invest in the gasification initiative in Beaumont. So we'll look forward to seeing lower effective tax rates over the next few years. Okay. Back over to you, Greg.
Greg Riddle - Director of Investor Relations: Alright, thanks, Rich. This concludes our prepared remarks. Rufus, we are ready for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, our question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions] And for our first question we go to Mike Judd with Greenwich Consultants.
Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultants: Yes, good morning.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultants: Question about the tax rate in the second half of the year. Because the tax rate was around 25% or so in the June quarter, in other words, should we be using a 30% tax rate for each of the quarter or should the September quarter tax rate be slightly higher or lower, how do we balance that out?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Mike, I wish I could give you an exact number on those, but that depends on the pace of capital spending on the Beaumont project. So we're going to have to help you out kind of quarter by quarter as we go forward and give you some advice on that.
Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultants: It is reasonable to expect that it would be higher though than the 30% rate in the September quarter?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's a reasonable expectation.
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. And then just lastly on the IntegRex capacity expansion or debottlenecking that you guys are doing in the fourth quarter, could you provide a little bit more color? In other words, should we expect that on an operating profit basis that that should be potentially negative because the whole plant is shut down in the December quarter or how does that work out from a logistical as well as financial perspective?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Mike, good question. The typical PET pattern is that their best half of the year is usually the first half of the year, we are done with that. The second half is seasonally slower. We have really high paraxylene costs and we are going to be down for weeks working on that facility. And absorb a lot of the cost to go along with that into the quarterly earnings. So yes, it's... all that hits the PET guys in the second half.
Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultants: Okay. And just as a follow-up to that question. It is difficult looking on a year-over-year basis for comparisons because there has been so much restructuring in that business. And by the way, you guys have done a good job. But could you help us understand sort of what the magnitude of the operating profit loss could be in the December quarter?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I am not going... are you talking about in the forth quarter or --?
Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultants: Yes, when you are doing the --
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, I am not going to call that one for you. We have a lot of shutdowns that we come and go with constantly in the business. And we never call what individual shutdowns do in terms of the earnings. But what we have done, Mike, is give you the longer view of what kind of turnaround... that's why I went out of my way to describe 2009 in this call.
Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultants: Okay.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We talked about in our January timeframe the kind of turnaround we expected, and we said this is a messy year. In this messy year we're tearing things up and it just got messier with historic high raw material and energy costs. But after looking at all of this, we gave you an outlook in January of how much of a turnaround we were going to see. Nearly all of that was driven by the plastics business group, both Specialty Plastics and the PET business. So, by making my comments on 2009, I'm telling you what I think that is going to look like and it was a recognition of your question that it's messier, kind of hard to estimate what's going on.
Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultants: And that's fine. I just wanted to understand... in other words, can you reserve for that turnaround? In other words, a lot of the times when there is plant turnaround, you can basically build than in over the year. Is there something unique or different about this one?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We don't do that. Rich, do you want to comment on that?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We will record that at it's incurred.
Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultants: Okay, thanks for the help.
Operator: And we go next to Jeff Zekauskas with J.P. Morgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: Hi, good morning.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: Can you give us an idea of what's going on in the domestic and global PET market in terms of volumes? It's a little difficult to read the volume effects you've got because, I guess, there are some divestitures in there.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Oh, yes. I think what we would do... we would characterize it as a slower growth period where it was growing over 200, may be 250,000 tons a year. This is probably growing less than 200 these days. As far as new capacity additions, we have a little bit from Indorama. We don't know anything may be more than you know about any kind of a future energy expansion because as far as we know, we haven't... they haven't ... we are not aware of the site that they have chosen to build that. So, lacking that, it is hard to estimate when and how they would come on. The market... the operating factors are generally pretty high for the PET industry. But you always have the ability of the agent coming over the top. So, it's... the biggest issue right now is more about paraxylene prices and the ability to move those downstream. We are able to keep the plants running basically full.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: So the overall PET market... has it... why is it seem to be slower this year? Is it thinner walls of the bottles, is it the competition of the Asians versus the U.S.?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I mean, yes. It's also reduced basic demand and in many cases, PET is something of a discretionary luxury. When you are stopping at a gas station and if you just put $100 in you gas tank to keep your SUV running, you buy fewer carbonated soft drinks at the store. So it's a combination of reduced demand. The thin walling that you're describing, especially by the water guys, and you always... whenever there is an arbitrage between Asian raws and U.S. raws, the Asians come in over the top.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: As far as your European business overall, it seems that there was growth in... that is Eastman as a whole, there was growth in the first quarter and contraction in the second. Can you describe what's going on in Europe and what your outlook is for the European business for the remainder of the year?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Europe has been... it's not going gangbusters, but it has been fairly steady for us. One of the factors that helps us in Europe is that we have been focusing our growth efforts on some of the Central and Eastern Europe countries that has... and that growth has maybe offset some other softness that could be in some of the other parts of Western Europe. But it has been a pretty steady performer for us. The euro-dollar exchange certainly helps and we're not feeling nervous about it to be... to any degree, Jeff.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: I have a couple of questions for Rich. In terms of the tax credit, does the tax credit apply to moneys that you spent in 2007 as well as 2008?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, there was a very modest spend in 2007 and yes, the current quarter... the second quarter ITC included the benefit of that.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: So, philosophically, why isn't that called out as a non-recurring item? And I don't mean to be adversarial about it, but --
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Jeff, it's just that the 2007 piece is was very small.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: Very small?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, it's really not of any significance.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And if you choose not to go ahead with the project, do these credits reverse or do you keep them because this has to do with moneys you've already spent?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, that's a kind of... it's a pretty hypothetical question, but yes, if we choose not to go forward with the project, sitting here I assume we'd have to reverse those credits.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: You have to. And what's the relationship between the amount you spend and the credit you get?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's a percentage of what we spend and I am certainly not sure I can project spending by quarter going forward and I'm not going to attempt it, but it's 20%.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: It's 20%?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's 20% till you reach the full amount of the ITC.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: Okay. What's the full amount of the ITC?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: $130 million.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: $130 million. Okay. Thank you very much.
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: By the way, Jeff, it'll take a couple of years to work through that we estimate. So, it's... you're going to see this every quarter for a couple of years or so.
Operator: We go next to Frank Mitsch with BB&T Capital Markets.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Good morning and congratulations on your tenure at Eastman and best wishes for the future, Rich.
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, thank you, Frank. I appreciate it.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: And more importantly, Rich, now that you are going to be on the investor side and any key difficult questions you'd like me to pose to Brian, by all means shoot be an email and I'll be happy to take that along.
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I have got a direct line to Brian, though.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: I hope so. Rich, you dialed back share buyback fairly significantly here in the second quarter. Can you talk about the factors behind that and what should we expect going forward?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I am going to be a little bit coy on that, Frank. We're opportunistic and we're measured in that. And you put a little table out that described it and I'd just say that we are well aware of the remaining authorization and we'll just remain prudent on that going forward.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Is it any sort of reaction to the fact that you are now solo on the coal gasification and your spending is going to be a bit higher than perhaps you targeted originally?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: There's a lot factors, Frank. And again, wrapping them all together, I am just going to say we'll continue to be prudent and opportunistic going forward.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, but Frank, that's... yes. I mean, obviously when you take on 100% of that project now, yes, that's a piece of it as well.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Alright. And then with respect to the taxes, you suggested that '09 would be... I believe what you suggested, and I just want to make sure I heard it correctly that the '09 rates would be lower than the 30% rate. And if that's in fact the case, bigger than a bread basket?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Frank, as I said to Mike, I think you're going to have to be patient with us a little bit as we see what the CapEx schedule, how that's going to fall out. And Curt is going to have to provide you with some guidance on taxes more specifically as we go forward.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: The context of the question pertains to Brian's assertion that 09' would be 10% to 15% higher than '08. I was just curious as to --
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That wasn't a tax credit comment, Frank. I was really talking about the basic earnings power of the business.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Terrific, terrific.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I knew that was going to come up. Now this wasn't some kind of a tax credit, where [ph] 10% to 15% or better, yes. But it's all coming from tax. Now, that's not the thought that's behind that. This is the basic earnings power to business of 10% to 15%, driven by a much stronger performance in the polymers business group.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Alright, terrific. And lastly, Brian, obviously volumes in the U.S. were down. Some of that was portfolio restructuring and some of that was obviously the softening of the economy. Can you talk a little bit about which areas appear to be slower than other areas and which areas you are noticing have started to take a turn downward? Any insights in providing some granularity on that?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. And I'm not going to tell you anything you haven't heard 10 times already this quarter. The interesting thing for us probably has been it's not new news for anybody else, but since we have moved our portfolio to more specialty items, the products that got hit both in CASPI and Specialty Plastics were most specialty-oriented. And not surprising, you get to drive prices up as quickly in specialty items as you do commodity items because everybody understands and lives with putting margins on top of raw materials and the commodities. In the specialty, if you drive the price up too fast, the alternative for the customer is usually some different chemical or some different plastic. And once you drive that behavior, it is very hard to recover. So you are always a little cautious with the way you increase prices in the specialty, so you don't drive the customer away to a competing material. And that tension right now in the specialties, that caused most of the dip in both CASPI and Specialty Plastics. We are working our way through it and the customers understand the need for the price increases because they fully understand the environment they are living with. And so we... if the energy and raw material environment starts to stabilize, which it looks like it might be trying to do, then we have an opportunity to catch up here.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We go next to Kevin McCarthy with Banc of America Securities.
Kevin McCarthy - Banc Of America Securities: Yes, Good morning.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Kevin McCarthy - Banc Of America Securities: Brian, I think you mentioned that the raw material and energy inflation was about $350 million year-to-date. Can you give us a sense of how much of that you would consider as unrecovered at this point?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think a rough number is that we are about 30% behind the April just because of the inertia, the speed and the magnitude. And we have got 30% on the table that we are probably trying to recover. That's a rough number and that presumes that every thing stays stable from this day forward for the next several months. And if it doesn't then that number will change.
Kevin McCarthy - Banc Of America Securities: So $105 million then?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I am not going to put it down to millions of dollars. But, I'm pulling a rough number out of this. We have gotten may be two-thirds or 70% of what's happened and we are working with our customers to see if we can get more.
Kevin McCarthy - Banc Of America Securities: Okay. Then I know as you cited propylene as one of the culprits in terms of inflation, cost inflation in CASPI and PCI. I know you have some propylene coming out of your crackers, but you shut one down. Can you give a sense of what your position in propylene looks like in terms of make versus buy?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We've become a bigger net buyer now because as we shut down these crackers that used to make our propylene... well, we were always a purchaser, just as you know. And I am not sure we've ever given you the ratios, but we were always not sure of our propylene we were buying. We become a bigger buyer as we shut down these crackers. So now we are more exposed to propylene prices and how they move. The good news in that story is that by and large the derivatives that we sell that are made from propylene track propylene prices better than they track the propylene prices we have in the crackers. So we had the dilemma when we were making crack propylene that if there is a divergence between what's happening with propane and propylene, we either enjoy or suffer from it. There is really more alignment as we become more exposed to propylene in the margins story. So we are going to continue to grow in that. And it's a healthy percentage. Greg, I'm not sure, we've given anybody a percent of how much of our raw materials come from propylene versus --
Greg Riddle - Director of Investor Relations: Not at this point. I don't have a number in front of me.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, but it's a healthy percentage, getting healthier over time. We still make... I'm playing with words now, Kevin. I am not going to tell you.
Kevin McCarthy - Banc Of America Securities: Okay. Finally, Brian, any change in the milestones that you've laid out previously for the industrial gasification project or update there?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We are on track to hit the milestones. And then decisions will be made when our milestones are achieved. Next milestone is completion of the feed process. I go through the brief list; the input/output contracts making good progress on those. Those are not going to be the rate determination step in any kind of a progress. Good progress on the permits, very positive progress there. Working through the feed process and of course the biggest deal in the feed process is the CapEx. We all know CapEx is going nutty in any kind of estimate that you're making, whether it's big or small. And we are, every part of company, working through those kind of issues. I'm trying to think what other milestones on gasification I should have discussed.
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Just financing, buying and --
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Financing, that was it.
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And we're making great progress with that.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. So on track with all the milestones and when we get through those milestone, that's when we advice you of decisions and actions that we're going to take.
Kevin McCarthy - Banc Of America Securities: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: We go next to P. J Juvekar with Citi.
Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup: Good morning.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup: It's good to see that you're going to pay less taxes. But do these tax credits come with any conditions like carbon capture or any other pollution related conditions?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Really not. They were part of the Energy Policy Act that was, I believe 2002 or it may have been 2004. But it was essentially for clean coal technologies and there was a competition among many companies and their projects for who would be able to use a allotted money that they had. We wanted $130 million of the lot of moneys. It's a straight investment tax credit against the investments that you make in the project. And I didn't really have much else in a way of strings attached. So, no, we don't have to sign up for an operating burden of some kind that goes along with it.
Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup: Now, clean coal, does that mean carbon capture?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The clean coal technology started for us with the isolation of mercury and sulfur, and that was the nature of the qualification. The capability of the capture and sequester was certainly a piece of it. Now, a capability is different than actual doing. The fact that you isolate the CO2 is a separate stream and had the ability to sequester it was the piece of the award. But it wasn't a requirement that we sequester as part of the order.
Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup: That wasn't a requirement, okay.
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup: And then another question on oxos and acetyls. Oxos must be feeling pressure from housing. Can you talk about that? And then in acetyls, your other acetyl competitor in the U.S. sounded very positive. So can you give your outlook on acetyls as well?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. The acetyl business continues to be a solid business and we feel good about... we especially feel good about our position and using coal as the raw material for that. And you can see what it does for the Fibers businesses, as an example. Yes, the oxo businesses are stressed by both building construction and autos. And that shows up in both CASPI and PCI. There is a little bit of a supply effect in Asia as a result of a new expansion there. But again, P.J., there are things that don't wreck these businesses. As you see, the kind of softness that we have right now, but there's still pretty solid quarters. And that's again another reason why I gave you a view for 2009 to give you some confidence that we still believe that we're on track for some good growth and we don't think this is bad enough to derail those businesses.
Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup: And for 2009 outlook, you said you stress tested your models with high energy prices, low energy prices. What's your assumption on the economy?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We're assuming right now that it's going to rock along with the same kind of softness that we have right now. We're not... we are saying it is not necessarily a lot worse than it is... when I say right now, likely [ph] at this minute. We do the spot look at where we are right now with very soft auto and housing. And we said if this rocks along sideways and doesn't get a lot worse, but nor does it get a lot better, how do we think about that. And then we stress tested if the economy gets a lot worse, what happens to our volumes, what happens to our margins. If it gets a lot better, what happens. We stressed tested both sides of those. It's interesting the way our companies wire these days, there are some countercyclical pieces that kick in. And when one gets worse, another one gets better. And that was a factor in coming to this conclusion.
Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup: And finally, do you care to give us a delta in those stress tests, high versus low?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No.
Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup: Okay.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I will go this far to say we talked about $60 oil and $200 oil. So there is a range for you. We talked about GDP. We talked about negative... success of negative quarters of significant recession as one. And then of course, you don't need to stress test the high end. You don't have to talk about a great economy. So that will give you some sense of it.
Prashant Juvekar - Citigroup: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Andrew Fineman [ph] with the Iridian Asset Management.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. Are you still... this investment tax credit has nothing to do with the carbon credits that you're still working on. Was that correct?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct. This is an investment tax credits only.
Unidentified Analyst: So you may get additional incentives for the Beaumont project if you are awarded those carbon tax... carbon credits?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The policy story has to unfold there, Andy, and what the U.S. government is going to do relative to capturing carbon and how they are going to charge and credit. And we expect that to unfold in the future. You are kind of assuming that I'm raising a European structure when you say what you said. But as that policy unfolds, we have the ability to potentially take advantage of it. And none of that is... the credit we're talking about today has nothing to do with that.
Unidentified Analyst: Where do we stand on the possibility of another gasification project?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We continue to develop projects pleural [ph], domestic and otherwise, and are still very optimistic on being able to do one of those... there are no milestones to report and when we have progress, I'll tell you more, Andy.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And the [indiscernible] licensing, we talked a lot about that in the last two calls. I was wondering how that's going and whether that's still --?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: PET specifically or licensing in general?
Unidentified Analyst: Well, I'm thinking about PET, but I think you also do a little bit in... was it PCI? I don't remember really.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we have an acetic acid license a couple of them. We've had a lot of interest and we continue to be engaged in several negotiations relative to the PET, IntegRex technologies, both to PTA or PET. So we're very encouraged by those discussions. As far as any other licensing, I don't have anything else to report that we are still... we stand by the statements we've made before about there being a lot of interest and we expect that that's going to be a source of revenue in the future for PET.
Unidentified Analyst: So, PET licensing is probably not going to hit your numbers this year?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hard to say. I wouldn't... if you are building a model, I wouldn't... I probably would not put it in there, and it will be a happy surprise if that happens. But I wouldn't put into your model.
Unidentified Analyst: And then finally, the last thing that you said about the full year was that it would be similar to $5.05 from the previous year. And the problem now is, I need to get rid of that statement because having it hang out there along with $1.27 versus $1.27 in the third quarter would mean that your fourth quarter comes in at $0.76 versus $1.27. So, I'd like you to give us some indication that your fourth quarter could at least be close or flat with last year.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Andy, you're trying to get me to say more than I am willing to say right now. This is a hard economy to call anything in for a week, much less couple of quarters. While I've done, as I've given you, a forward view for the third quarter, we've given you a general outlook for how we feel about 2009 and that's as much... as much info as I am willing to give because you are asking for things that are just unknowable, Andy.
Unidentified Analyst: Well, I mean, I can hear what you are saying and I appreciate that and I apologize for trying to pin you down, but can I at least get you away from $0.76 versus $1.27? You know what I mean?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The time we give the fourth quarter outlook is when we get done with the third quarter, Andy, and I am going to stay with that pattern. But look, we are not going to... we are going to work really hard to make this as good a year as we possibly can, Andy. There is no one... I think when I was talking to you guys in the first quarter, I don't think any of us were talking about $140 oil as the basis or the thesis for the rest of the year. I don't even know what the thesis for the rest of this year ought to be. I think I am taking risks even taking about the third quarter, to be honest with you, because there is so much uncertainty. And so I would feel awkward trying to give you more thoughts on the forth quarter. I think I just got away.
Unidentified Analyst: Aright. Thank you.
Operator: We go next to Gregg Goodnight with UBS.
Gregg Goodnight - UBS: Good morning all and congratulation, Rich.
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Gregg.
Gregg Goodnight - UBS: Brian, great questions, great answers. I have learned a lot on this. One question I still have is did you mention your... did you give an update for your Asian acetate tow?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: He was very quick. What I said is that we are on track to tell you what we are going to before the end of the year. It's a good story to tell. I am looking forward to telling it. Got to tell you, but it's just not time yet.
Gregg Goodnight - UBS: Okay, great. Second one, do you, at this point, still believe that the economics going to work out on your Beaumont project where it's readily a bankable deal and you will have no problem financing that?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The great news here... the really terrific news is that the basic value proposition that we started investing in to here is holding up and in fact, may be improving some. The basic spread, everybody worries about coal going up and PETCO [ph] going up and all those things are true. But the basic spread between solid hydrocarbon and natural gas continues to hold up and has even expanded a little bit. Detention in all of this, Gregg, is the CapEx costs, which, in my career, I have lived through two capital cycles. So I have lived through booms and busts in capital cycles over my 30 years two times. And when they boom, they get really nutty, and when they bust, they get really attractive. And we are in one of those booms right now. We are at... you don't exactly know what to do to make up some of the numbers. In many cases, we have worked through those numbers already in our company and found our way. Now, we are mid-way, we are only about half way through on that process in gasification. So it's just too early to call. But the really great news is the value proposition holds up and if I read the tea leaves of the future of this country and the future of the world right, this value proposition holds up for a very long time. So we are still very optimistic about this strategy and this whole platform of projects. There is no question, we have to work through our CapEx burden. And the point is we are not going to do something stupid here. We want to... we have a strong belief in us and a great feel for this initiative and we don't want something that we judge may be transient to cause us to do some thing stupid. So, we are going to... I got to play off those two tensions and when we get done with the process we'll tell you how we sorted it out.
Gregg Goodnight - UBS: Outstanding. Last question I had is with the recent run up of propylene pricing and the like, has it changed your outlook or your thinking on potential methanol to propylene process? Has it given extra incentive to maybe take a good hard look at that potential?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We are looking at all the derivatives that we can make from the coal gasification process. In that... of course, that one will be included in the mix. We are learning a lot of really interesting things about how to take basic chemicals on to more value-added products using some chemistries, and sometimes those chemistries are cropping up from old past chemistry that people practiced a long time ago. And that one would be a new one. The methanol-propylene is a brand new one. There is some other chemistries and other derivatives that have long proven histories that would compete against that. So, we are balancing and we are looking at all of those and we'll let you know when it's time.
Gregg Goodnight - UBS: Okay. Are you going to have an investor day meeting later this year?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Later this year is less likely, we're probably going to push it off into the first couple of months in next year, may be January-February of next year will be a more logical time.
Gregg Goodnight - UBS: Okay, hey, thanks for all these great responses.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: For our next question we go to Brian Geiger with Merrill Lynch.
Brian Geiger - Merrill Lynch: How are you doing guys?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey.
Brian Geiger - Merrill Lynch: I was just curious if you guys had any kind a target debt structure or target debt to EBITDA leverage, and when you plan to get to that level?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Let me take that one, Brian. What we adhere to in terms of the targets for capital structure is more around bond credit rating. And so we focused on being BBB and really keep track of all the ratios and all the factors that go into that and that's where we'd want to stay.
Brian Geiger - Merrill Lynch: Okay. It's a BBB flat or it's plus minus, some wiggle room there?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: BBB flat would be the right target.
Brian Geiger - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great, thank you very much.
Operator: And for our next question we go to Jeff Zekauskas with J.P. Morgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: Thanks for taking my follow-up. So in order to recognize the tax credit for the Beaumont project and because you expect to recognize, I guess, 120 that means that you'll spend 600. That is 20% of 120. And I guess that would be the equity portion. And so if the project is financed at 30%, it's a $2 billion project. Has the Board approved all of this yet?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, your math is presuming a lot of different things.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: Yes.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But your general... the general trust of your question is, we have step-wise approvals with our Board, each step of the way. Right now the expenditures that we are making are in the feed process and at some point we get early delivery of equipment that would be a capital expenditure. Then when you start breaking ground and each of those steps along the way we discussed with Board. We do not have a blanket, we have not asked for and any kind of a blanket of approval to go ahead with this project. This is not just time, it wouldn't be appropriate. Again, the nature of these projects are that you do, these front-end engineering and design initiatives and those define the big expenditures and then you ask for the blanket expenditure. We are not there yet.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And then lastly, again for Rich, this is a question of clarification. With the tax credit, this was a tax credit, if I understand that was that originally for Faustina and is now being used for Beaumont.
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, no. It was originally in our Longview site.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: Longview. And so, is this already... is there a regulatory step that needs to take place for you to use this with certainty or can you use this tax credit with certainty?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We feel real good about the tax credit right now. It's been through legislation. And so, we feel very confident. And I'd like to clarify one other point, Jeff.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: Sure.
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: On the... yes, about the equity portion of our project. It doesn't matter how we finance the project. The tax credit comes as we spend capital money and it's blind to the source of that money, whether it's the money that's sitting it in our bank today, or money that might come from any other financing source for the company.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: So when you said... thank you, that's helpful. When you said that you are confident, what are you confident about?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That big D [ph].
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We've the regulatory authority to claim the tax rate.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: Okay, good. Alright, thank you very much.
Greg Riddle - Director of Investor Relations: Let's make the next question the last one please.
Operator: And with that, we have no further questions on our roster, ladies and gentlemen. So, Mr. Riddle, I will turn the conference back over to you for any closing remarks.
Greg Riddle - Director of Investor Relations: Alright. Thanks again for joining us this morning. An audio replay of this conference call will be available this afternoon through Friday, August 1st. Have a great day.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Eastman Chemical Company Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. We do appreciate your participation and you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-25 14:30:00) =====
Executives: Greg Riddle - Director, IR J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and CEO Richard A. Lorraine - Sr. VP and CFO
Analysts: P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Michael Judd - GreenwichConsultants Frank Mitsch - BBT Capital Markets Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America Securities Jeffrey Zekauskas - JPMorgan Bob Goldberg - Scopus Asset Management
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman's website at www.eastman.com. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company, Invertors Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Greg Riddle - Director, Investor Relations: Okay, thank you Rufus and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today are Brian Ferguson, Chairman and CEO; Rich Lorraine, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Marie Wilson [ph], our new Manger of Investor Relations. Before we begin, I will cover two items. First, during this call, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations for second quarter and full year 2008. Actual results could differ materially from our plans and expectations. Certain factors related to future expectations are, or will be detailed in the company's first quarter 2008 financial results news release on our website and in our filings with the Securities Exchange and Commission including the Form 10-K filed for 2007 and a Form 10-Q to be filed for first quarter 2008. Second, our comments today will reference non-GAAP financial measures such as earning per share and operating earnings that exclude restructuring related items. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures including a description of the restructuring-related items are available in our first quarter 2008 financial results news release and the tables accompanying the news release. With that, I will turn the call over to Brian.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, good morning everyone, thanks for joining us. Last night, we announced another solid quarter with earnings of a $48 per share or $46 on a GAAP basis. Excluding the restructuring-related costs and charges and tax related items that Rich is going to cover in a few minutes, our EPS was up 24% year-over-year. Sales revenue increased by 6% as we did a good job offsetting high and volatile raw material and energy costs with higher selling prices. One of the consequences of our restructuring actions is that we have now... now have contract ethylene and contract polymer intermediate sales which have very little impact on earnings. These contracts will expire over time, and so we have shown their revenue in the tables that accompany our news release. If you disregard these sales, our corporate revenue increased by 10% as higher selling prices more than offset a 2% decline in sales volume. The volume decline was focused in Performance Polymers and PCI which were both impacted by restructuring actions that we've taken. Gross margins excluding items increased to approximately 20% in the first quarter, an improvement of roughly 150 basis points versus the year ago quarter. Operating margins excluding items were 11% in the quarter. This is in line with our goal of maintaining operating margins above 10%. And this is despite a more than $150 million year-over-year increase in raw material and energy costs. By the way, the increases in raw and energy this quarter were almost as much as the increase for the entire year in 2007. One more point on the solid corporate results. They are dependent on operational excellence at all of our global facilities. Eastman employees take great pride in operating our facilities safely and reliably, and it continues to directly contribute to our strong results. Now turning to the segments, beginning with Fibers. Fibers had a really great quarter with a best ever $68 million of operating earnings. Both sales volume and selling prices were up 5%. The volume increase was primarily due to higher coal volumes in China. And the higher prices were due to efforts to offset higher raw material costs, which, for fibers was primarily wood pulp and methanol. After the great start to the year, Fibers is on track for full year 2008 earnings to be slightly better than 2007. And if that happens, that will be the fifth year in a row that Fibers has improved their operating earnings versus the prior year. Looking at our growth initiatives in this segment, we are on track both to expand acetate tow capacity in our United Kingdom facility and to give you more details about our Asian option for growth by the end of this year. Next is CASPI [Coatings, Adhesives, Specialty Polymers and Inks]. Their first quarter 2008 operating earnings remain very solid at $59 million. Revenue increased 13% with higher selling prices partially offsetting higher raw material and energy costs. Despite a modest decline in the U.S., CASPI had a 2% increase in volume. This is primarily due to higher volume in Europe and Asia and the diversity of markets that CASPI serves. We expect CASPI will continue to benefit from geographic and market diversity throughout the year. Next is Specialty Plastics. Their sales revenue increased by 6%. Volume was up slightly as continued double-digit growth in copolyester was offset by lower volumes elsewhere. For the year, we continue to see volume growth of 6 to 8% as we benefit from the completion in the second quarter of converting 50,000 metric tons of PET capacity to copolyester. And growth for cellulose esters used in LCD screens continues to be very strong. Operating earnings for the Specialty Plastics were down slightly year-over-year. This is primarily due to higher raw material and energy costs, particularly paraxylene. I think you all know that most of the plastics that are being sold in the marketplace are stressed right now by higher raw material and energy costs and are having a hard time pushing on prices. And of course we're not different, but we expect this to continue through the year and start to moderate in 2009 as paraxylene capacity is added. One last point for specialty plastics, you have heard us talk recently about our new copolyester trademarked Tritan, which we launched during the fourth quarter. There has been a lot in the news, a lot of buzz recently about this finale and the fact that Tritan is a BPA-free product. We are currently working on building a new 30,000 metric ton Tritan facility and we expect we'll be online in early 2010. And we see this as a starting point for our Tritan capacity going forward. Performance chemicals and Intermediates is next, and they continue their streak of very solid quarters. Operating earnings were $61 million, which is flat compared with last year, despite the significant increase in raw material and energy costs, particularly propane. Sales revenue excluding the contract ethylene sales increased by 9%, primarily due to higher selling prices. Sales volume was down 8% as the strategic shutdown of a cracker in the fourth quarter impacted the amount of bulk olefins we had to sell. Regionally, strong results in North America in just about every product line more than offset a decline in Asia-Pacific as our competitors in Asia have restarted some facilities that were down and that led to lower utilization rates and margins there in Asia. Looking forward, we expect strong results for PCI to continue in 2008. Now turning to Performance Polymers, we made very solid progress during the first quarter on improving the profitability of our PET business. Operating results for the quarter improved significantly, both sequentially and year-over-year, as we had a full quarter of high operating rates for our IntegRex PET manufacturing facility. The IntegRex facility continues to exceed our expectations for cost improvement and our ParaStar PET is widely accepted in the marketplace. At the end of the quarter, we completed the divestiture of our PET and PTA assets in Europe, so we have now completed the divestiture of our outside U.S. PET facilities. You remember this is one of our major milestones for improving the profitability of our PET business. Additionally in South Carolina, we completed the expansion of our PTA intermediates, we shut down our DMT intermediates and we shut down 300,000 metric tons of our existing PET capacity at the end of the first quarter. All were milestones we expected to complete in the first half of 2008. As a result, we are also on target to remove $30 million in annual costs by the end of the second quarter. One remaining milestone for improving the profitability of our PET business is the 50% debottleneck of the IntegRex facility, and we expect to begin this in the second half of the year. Looking forward, we expect to report positive operating earnings for the Performance Polymer segment in the second quarter and for the first half of this year. Now since we had a $39 million operating loss in the first half of 2007, you will agree this is a significant improvement. Turning to the regions and our regional performance, I am going to make some overall comments first. We have said that in 2007, our revenue was about 60% domestic and 40% in the rest of the world while our earnings were closer to 50-50. With the PET improvement in the first quarter of 2008, which was concentrated in the United States, our domestic earnings were closer to 60% this quarter. But with more than 40% of our earnings coming from outside the U.S., we continued to benefit from our geographic diversity. Now looking at North America, first quarter North American revenues increased by 9% and excluding the contract sales revenue I mentioned earlier, North American revenues increased by 7%. The increase was primarily due to higher selling prices, particularly in the PCI, CASPI and Performance Polymer segments. Sales volume was down 5% with a decline in all segments except for Performance Polymers. Operating earnings increased year-over-year primarily due to the improved results in Performance Polymers and PCI segments partially offset by a decline in CASPI. Asia Pacific revenue increased by 9% as higher selling prices more than offset lower sales volume. The lower sales volume was primarily in PCI and was partially offset by higher volume in Fibers. Operating earnings declined primarily in PCI as first quarter 2007 results for the segment benefited from competitor outages. On a revenue basis Asia-Pacific remains the company's second largest region in the first quarter of this year. In Europe revenue increased by 17% driven by the strengthening of the euro versus the dollar and increased sales volume. The higher sales volume was in all segments except Performance Polymers. Profitability in Europe increased with improvements in Performance Polymers and PCI and then lastly Latin American revenue declined by 29% for the quarter primarily due to the divestiture of PET facilities. Now looking at our second quarter outlook. We are seeing softness in the U.S economy and there is uncertainty about the global economy. We also expect high and volatile raw material and energy cost to continue during the quarter. However, due to our global geographic profile and diverse market portfolio, we expect solid results throughout the company in the second quarter. Adding this all up, we expect second quarter 2008 earnings per share excluding items related to strategic decisions to be slightly above first quarter 2008 earnings per share of a $1.48, which is significantly above last year's second quarter EPS of $1.32 on the same basis. Lastly, let me conclude with some brief remarks about our corporate strategy. In my last quarterly conference call with you, we made some very specific financial commitments and we gave you a number of milestones that you can use to track our progress on major initiatives. As I mentioned throughout my comments this morning, we are making great progress on a number of those initiatives. We have accomplished many of the milestones we laid out for improving our PET business. We are moving ahead in Specialty Plastics to convert PET capacity to make co-polyester, and with our new Tritan copolyester facility. We are on track to expand acetate tow capacity at our U.K. facility by the end of the year, and to give you more details about our Asian option for growth. And we are also marching ahead on all of the complex aspects of the Industrial Gasification projects. Overall, we remain on track to achieve our goal of doubling our earnings in the next 5 years, and I look forward to telling you more as we have meaningful developments to report. With that, let me turn it over to Rich.
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Brian. Good morning everyone. I'll just reinforce what Bryan said. This was a great quarter for us with solid high quality earnings from all of our segments. Let me save a little bit of time perhaps on some math. I'll walk through a couple of the items you might be considering when you evaluate the first quarter for us. We repurchased 3.8 million shares during the quarter at an average price of about $64. When we weight those share repurchases into our calculations, the improvement to EPS from those actions this quarter is about $0.03 per share. Also this quarter, we recorded three tax benefits, two of which are related to certain items we previously excluded. We did enjoy one $3 million tax benefit item in our pro forma earnings which lowered our effective tax rate for the quarter to 32% and contributed about $0.04 per share to earnings. Also, we usually get some questions around currency and hedging impacts. My only comment here is that we continue to maintain our strategic risk mitigation program covering currency, key raw materials and interest rates, and the primary purpose is clipping the peaks and valleys of volatility we may experience. This didn't have any appreciable impact on earnings in the quarter. Turn back to my normal agenda and topics, I'll provide some color around our restructuring-related items, our cash flow, our net debt and our effective tax rate. Turning to restructuring-related items, as Brian mentioned, we achieved another milestone this quarter in our efforts to restructure the Performance Polymer segment. At the end of the quarter, we closed on the sale at a remainder of the PET and related PTA facilities in Europe for $340 million. In addition, as part of the transaction, we retained about $10 million in working capital, which will [ph] liquidate over the coming weeks. Consistent with what we've told you recently, the sale resulted in an after-tax gain. What I couldn't discuss at that time was the amount of the gain, and you've now seen that and it's $18 million. With this divestiture now, we've completed the divestiture of all our PET and PTA assets located outside of the U.S. As I mentioned last quarter, prior period and first quarter results for all the divested operations in Europe are now reported as discontinued operations as is the gain we recognized in this quarter. Prior period results for the Latin American operations divested are not called out as discontinued. I should also mention here that under the transition agreements with the divestiture of our Latin American sites, we're supplying polymer intermediate raw materials to the purchaser basically at a break even. And there is information to help you understand this in the conference call tables. We've also completed a number of other milestones in our efforts to improve the profitability of our PET business. During the quarter, we shutdown our DMT intermediate assets, expanded our PTA intermediates production and shutdown 300,000 metric tons of PET capacity in addition to the 50,000 metric tons we shut down last year. Related to these actions, during the first quarter of '08, we recognized $1 million of accelerated depreciation costs and 1 million of restructuring charges. We expect another $3 million of accelerated depreciation in the remainder of the year related to this transformation in South Carolina. Staying with site transformation for another moment, we also incurred accelerated depreciation costs of $1 million related to the shutdown of our cracking facilities at our Longview, Texas site that we report in the PCI segment. We expect another $5 million of accelerated depreciation cost in 2008 related to these cracker shutdowns. We also incurred asset impairment and restructuring costs of $16 million resulting from the decision to close a previously impaired fine chemicals manufacturing site in Wales in the UK which was part of the PCI segment. This charge is primarily non-cash pension curtailment costs of $11 million and the rest is mainly severance. Looking at our cash flow, on a net basis, we used $53 million of cash in operations during the first quarter. That compares to $66 million used in the same period last year. Included in that, we had strong earnings from operations and we did have a seasonal build up in working capital during the quarter which this year includes an additional inventory build of about $30 million in front of planned maintenance shutdowns. We will see this get drawn down over the coming quarters. Next on cash from investing activities, we had cash proceeds from the sale of assets and investments mostly from the closing of the European PET divestiture of $323 million. We will see additional cash in the second quarter when we settle up on working capital associated with the transaction. Our capital expenditures totaled $132 million in the first quarter compared to $86 million in the first quarter of 2007. We are tracking on capital expenditures to be a bit above $600 million for the year as we continue to invest in our strategic initiatives. Hitting those highlights, we are bottlenecking our IntegRex facility, heading an additional 50% to capacity, we are increasing our expenditures in support of our efforts in gasification and we are also increasing the capacities for CTA for LCD screens. We are increasing capacity on Eastman Trading Copolyester and completing our asset $8 expansion in the UK. Also we continue to fund improvements to increase efficiencies and invest in reliability throughout the company. That brings me down to net debt which is as usual defined this total borrowings less cash and cash equivalence. We ended the quarter with net debt of $836 million that's a 16% increase over year end of 2007. The increase in that debt has been very deliberate, we had share repurchases in the quarter with $245 million and increase capital spending I just reviewed added to that. I would also add that we have $72 million of notes maturing in the second quarter that will be repaying from cash. Also in the second quarter we plan to repay a portion of euro- credit facility. With part of the euro proceeds from the PET facilities sales which says currently being held in cash. How does that impact our net interest expense? We had $60 million for the first quarter of 2008, that's a bit lower than the first quarter of '07 resulting from higher interest income on our invested cash balance. We do expect net interest expense to increase slightly for full year 2008 compared with '07 due to lower interest income driven by the lower interest rates as well as lower average invested cash balance. On the tax side our first quarter of this year effective tax-rate for continuing operations on a GAAP basis was 25%. When we exclude the restructuring related items which we called out... the effective tax-rate was 32%. Looking forward at the tax-rate for the full year on a pro-forma basis, I'm going to be stick my previous guidance that it would be about 34% for the year, with that back to you Greg.
Greg Riddle - Director, Investor Relations: Okay. Thank you very much and that concludes our prepared remarks. Rufus, we are ready for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, our question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions] and we will pass for just a moment to assemble the question roster. And for our first question we go to P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Yes, Good morning.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning P.J.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: How much of you're your improvements Brian in PET came from selling the international assets versus the IntegRex plant starting up and is the IntegRex plant in the black?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The most of the, vast majority of the improvement was IntegRex running flat out this quarter versus not running as much in first quarter of last year, that's the answer to that. Since we are reporting to you that will be... how the black quarter with nothing but U.S. assets and the second quarter it would be fair to assume that we are doing fine today, it wouldn't be big step change from to date [ph] to the second quarter... first quarter to second quarter, so yes.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Okay, I understand, and secondly on coal gasification projects in Faustina [ph] and in Texas which one is ahead in terms of progress, and what are you on economics relative to your expectations.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well first of all, we are still very excited about these projects. They have some... each of them some have unique things that makes them attractive not like to us but attractive to others. And what I did P.J. is that I laid out a number of milestones, and when we get to those milestones I want to report on them. Even in this meeting, you saw as we tripped milestones for PET especially plastics, we reported on them. The things that you are asking are things that I promise to report on as we get more to the milestone time which is later on this summer. So I am anticipating a series of questions on this call asking me details about every low part of these projects, and I really want to resist that. We are moving ahead nicely, and all the milestones we continue to be very excited about the profitability, and that's about as much as... I don't want have to report on a micro basis for full years on every part of it.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Okay, fair enough. And lastly quickly, are you excluding any options for coal gasification in China? Thank you.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Would not exclude that because I think the point that you are observing there is that is value proposition that we are describing to use coals as raw material exist not only here but other places in the world. And where it exists we will seek it out and see if it's interesting for us.
Operator: We go next to Mike Judd with Greenwich Consultant.
Michael Judd - GreenwichConsultants: Yeah, just on the Fibers business, it really had great performance. I am just wondering if you could just provide a little more detail on how the dynamics look for the current quarter and for the rest of the year in that business place.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, I have always I have adjective that I've used for fuss almost growing on 7 years now to describe fibers and if they were chunky. There was a phrase that we used in the dialogue there that fibers out performance this quarter was driven by some extra sales in China primarily, and that is usually the source of the chunkiness in there earnings. They had a very, very good quarter. We often do give an outlook for the year just because their chunkiness is hard to look through. We would tell you that fibers is on track to be a little bit better this year than it was last year, and that would be 5 years in a row. So you got to track record to look at Mike, that's probably a good indicator for you.
Michael Judd - GreenwichConsultants: Thank you.
Operator: For our next question, we got to Frank Mitsch with BBT Capital Markets.
Frank Mitsch - BBT Capital Markets: Good morning, gentlemen. I was planning on asking about your local relations with the with the coal gasification size, and how you doing there with planning but I guess it's a little bit too granular?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, you can try again Frank, you are a persistent guy.
Frank Mitsch - BBT Capital Markets: I am indeed. Obviously, a bit of a surprise in terms of the share buy back takes in the first quarter, can you talk about where your shares outstanding was at the end of the quarter, and do you plan on keeping this pace up. And how much do you have left in terms of your authorization?
Unidentified Company Representative: Frank, we have about $350 million left in the authorization. The phase during the quarter I'd say we are opportunistic, we think the average price we got of $64 was a good buy, given we are trading at 6.5 times cash, and we had a plan to double our EPS, going forward. So we think that was just a good opportunistic buy and going forward we will continue to be opportunistic.
Frank Mitsch - BBT Capital Markets: Okay and you mentioned that you should have a 30, 000 tons plan up on Tritan in 2010, do you think you may given the... the BPA controversy and a potential opportunities there, is that fully factored into the thinking behind the 30, 000 tons, could that be expanded, what's the... when would you... so you expect to see first meaningful commercial sales into this... into the plastic bottle arena during the time frame or can that be moved up?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, you are all the questions we've been asking ourselves Frank. This is a brand new plastic, it has some unique ingredients that really very hard for anyone, but has to make. We have pushed as hard as we can, we're very excited about the enthusiasm of the customers that have come to us, I'm sure you're aware of some of the deep concerns that are emerging about BPA in food contact and children toys and things. So the market pull is remarkable for this product, it has, not only that feature by the way, it has many other positive features that will be described at a later time. To your question, we are... traditionally we have converted PET lines to copolyester lines, that's what we're doing here. We will... as soon as we get down the road unless we're working on the next one it'll be a good, bit bigger but to your question, we can't get any meaningful commercial quantities out there until we get this first plant done. The address for market is so... we are on the... talking about the potential here, the address will market for this product, its easily 700,000 tons. And the 30,000 ton facility, we are just scratching the surface, so you can bet that, our aspirations, for plans to and beyond, would be will be on it and somewhat different approach to scale there.
Frank Mitsch - BBT Capital Markets: Okay, that's terrific. Lastly, I think you mentioned on last call that you were pursuing in IntegRex licensing opportunities, any progress to report there?
Unidentified Company Representative: We always thought that this was the best technology in the world of its kind and we're getting some confirmation on that by the interest that we've seen. We're really pleased by the interest. We are in conversations, and since we're in those conversations and negotiation, I can't give you anything else but yes, it's gratifying to see the interest
Frank Mitsch - BBT Capital Markets: Terrific, thank you.
Operator: For our next question, we go to Kevin McCarthy with Banc of America Securities.
Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: Yes, good morning.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: Brian your PCI margins have been strong for quite a while running double digits I guess last six quarters 8 over the last 9. You sound confident that's going to be sustainable at least for this year. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about your inputs there... propane looks to be 15 year low versus energy proxy like crude oil. How important is that in driving the profits in PCI and other things that you can do to may be look in lower propane cost to engender that sustainability.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, you are good in [indiscernible] with your question Kevin. Remember that PCI is a mixture of coal produced products and olefin derivatives. So the colder [ph] products are marching along happily as for reasons you understand but I... about you but remember that's part of the PCI story as well. Regarding olefins derivatives, the input costs to the crackers are important and we said on a past to shutdown the older crackers but as we operate them now, it's the continuous make versus buy choices and in the environment that you describing our propane is cheap relative to some of the other things that are going on it could be a mix decision for a longer period of time and that helps us. Also remember that propylene derivatives that we make, are not being built or over built, the same way that she would... you would think of the whole ethylene cycle or things like ethylene glycol. We have a number of propylene derivatives that just do not have a lot of over building in the future and that is the pretty key factor in that sustainability of our margins as well.
Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: Just a follow-up on that Brian. If I look at the ethylene cracking margins and propylene starts such a bad [indiscernible] these days especially compared to Masta [ph] and might have not make sense just to run these things for another couple of years?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean... we have some agreements that we are obliged to follow, we are going to follow the money here as you suggest.
Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: Okay, great. And then, elsewhere on fibers, what is... can you remind me of the timing of the UK expansion and the size of that for calculations of financial impact there?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, it's around the end of this year. We think we're going to get it done, it is relatively small in capacity, its light of 4 to 5%, 5% is not a huge incremental of capacity, so its proportionally... that kind of impact to the business, but as you know we're also working on something in Asia as well and hope to talk about that later.
Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: We will go next to Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Hi, good morning.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JPMorgan: A few questions, when you originally plan your coal gasification units, you probably had certain cost estimates and has those cost estimates changed and if they have... sort of what order of magnitude?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, if the CapEx had not changed, we'll be the only project in the world that had not changed since the beginning of something two years ago, all CapEx cost in every project is going up, commentary with that we're seeing spreads for the materials go up as well. Remember what's important to us is the spread between the solid hydro-carbons and things like natural gas or oil. And so if those two travel together to some degree and you can lock in some of that spread through financial mechanism set as certain point of time, then you mitigate some of that extra CapEx. There is a number of moving parts here as well in other parts of the project which again... this is getting to the risk of micro reporting but I want to emphasize the reason people are asking me this question are you do you still think these are attractive? Absolutely. They are very attractive, we are excited about and we are marching ahead.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JPMorgan: My question was less on whether they were attractive and that I do think them attractive but it was more on what's the magnitude of higher CapEx?
Unidentified Company Representative: We are in the middle of the feed process, that's one of the milestones as more of the summer milestones so it's always its frankly impossible to report on that until you are done with the feed process.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Okay second question, is in can you talk about demand into the fee market domestically, you know that is when you exit [ph] the various operations that you sold what was your underlying PET and growth rate and how do you see that market over the next quarter as we go into the prime selling season.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah reporting that we are essentially running flat out we continue to see the growth in North America around 200,000 tons a year. The wildcard in past times has been the Asian import quantities changing the dynamics domestically because primarily there was an arbitrage between North America and paraxylene and PTA versus Asian paraxylene and PTA and charge [ph] has disappeared so that would indicate that with no difference between U.S. and Asian raw material prices there is not a big driver to bring in a whole lot more imports. So I see this as a fairly stable demand situation.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Okay in the BPA market, forgive me Brian but I just don't know how big the size of first BPA maybe bottom market is or whatever else that you want to pull BPA out of it, have you been able to size that just yet.
Unidentified Company Representative: We have, we haven't spoken about it because of... for a couple of a causes but it's bigger than we can handle, lets just say that way the... you have the Water Bottle Industry... you have the Baby Bottle industry, now... there may be a New York Times article this morning was talking about contact with children's toys, if you have referenced to New York Times this morning, this is about we're still rolling Jeff so I don't know... it keeps on changing the answer to your question. So there's... I guess the other thing I want to emphasize is that... there is a broader way of markets. This is the products that's chemical resistant, its very tough, it's forming in the shapes, its got a higher temperature, you can make products and throw in the dish washer a thousands times and it never get that kind of fussy crack look to it... we've got a lot of properties that make it attractive.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JPMorgan: So to assist will do they change your longer term EBIT forecast for Specialty Plastics?
Unidentified Company Representative: Maybe someday but not today.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Just because you haven't had time to do the numbers, or because of other reasons?
Unidentified Company Representative: Just because there no time yet.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Not time yet. Okay, and then
Unidentified Company Representative: I mean just we were Eastman, right so we want to get the first plan out there, we want to show what the numbers look like and then we'll start talking about it-- I mean talking about it before you get it out there's... I just I would always resist.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Just a little lastly, in PCI, how much of operating profit is oxo related?
Unidentified Company Representative: We have never really broken out the split between those two. I will just tell you they are roughly in equal proportion to each other, Coal guys versus olefin guys, and all of our olefin derivatives in PCI for the... the vast majority of more propylene derivatives.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, in fact we are down to essentially one meaningful ethylene derivative which is acetaldehyde, and we make ethylene glycol and we consume for ourselves transfers the costs. So it's essentially except for the acetaldehyde it's essentially a propelling machine.
Unidentified Company Representative: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll go on the next to Bob Goldberg with Scopus Asset Management.
Bob Goldberg - Scopus Asset Management: Good morning guys.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Bob Goldberg - Scopus Asset Management: Brian, you didn't have any update on the 2008 full year guidance and of course, we understand with the volatility and petrochemical and uncertainty in the economy, it may be earlier in the year to update. But I will... I had a qualitative question though, because you do have quite a bit going on internally, at the company with the restructuring of South Carolina and other initiatives. And just curious about the seasonality which is normally been skewed toward the first half, what is your thinking on how the internal initiatives will affect the normal seasonality in the two halves of the year?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Great question. You gave my answer already for me about why I haven't made more comments about the full year. I stand by the comments we made earlier at the end of the first quarter about how we think about this year. There is a... if you think about the guidance I've given for the first half. This first half is in the parade of Eastern first half, so it's a very good first half. It was only eclipsed by '05 and in '95 when PET drove the story. So, this is obviously very good first half. Second half, it is more about uncertainty than anything else Bob. On certain economy, you have to get through a lot of hard projects, we expect we can get through them just fine. But you... I'm just going to stand by the guidance that I have before, so I guess I'm reaffirming that, but that's all I would do.
Bob Goldberg - Scopus Asset Management: But you're going to earn about $3 in the first half?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, it's in neighborhood. Yes.
Bob Goldberg - Scopus Asset Management: Which is about 60% for the full year?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I know you are doing your 60-40 math Bob and sometime it's 55, 45 sometime it's 60s, 40s, probably its somewhere... I'll let you do the guessing on that... I don't want to do anything more.
Bob Goldberg - Scopus Asset Management: Okay. Thanks Brian
Operator: And with that ladies and gentlemen we have no further questions on our roster therefore Mr. Riddle I'll turn the conference back over to you for any closing remarks.
Greg Riddle - Director, Investor Relations: Okay great, Rufus, thank you very much, and thank you all for joining us this morning. An audio replay of this conference call will be available this afternoon through Friday May 2nd. Have a great day.
Operator: And again ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Eastman Chemical Company's first quarter earnings conference call. We do appreciate your participation and you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Riddle - Director, IR J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and CEO Richard A. Lorraine - Sr. VP and CFO Jennifer Bogni - Manager, IR
Analysts: P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America Securities Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets Gregg Goodnight - UBS Bob Goldberg - Scopus Asset Management Andrew Feinman - Iridian Asset Management
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company Fourth Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman's web site, www.eastman.com. We'll now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of the Eastman Chemical Company, Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Greg Riddle - Director, Investor Relations: Thanks Matt and good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today are Brian Ferguson, Chairman and CEO; Rich Lorraine, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Jennifer Bogni, Manager, Investor Relations. Before we begin, I will cover two items. First, during this call you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations for first quarter and full-year 2008 and for 2008 through 2012. Actual results could differ materially from our plans and expectations. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's fourth quarter and full-year 2007 financial results news release and the news release being issued this morning and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for third quarter 2007 and the Form 10-K to be filed for full-year 2007. Second, unless otherwise mentioned references to historical sales revenue and earnings are non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude restructuring-related items, identified in the financial results news release. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures, including a description of the restructuring-related items are available on our financial results news release and the conference call tables accompanying the news release. With that I'll turn it over to Brian.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Hi good morning everyone and welcome. Thank you for joining us today. As usual, I'll give you some highlights for 2007 and then I'll talk a bit about 2008, and I'll wrap up with conversation about corporate strategy. Last night, we announced fourth-quarter 2007 earnings per share from continuing operations of $1.25 and excluding restructuring items, the earnings per share were at $1.27. Our solid fourth quarter was the conclusion of what was another very strong year for Eastman. Full-year earnings per share on a continuing basis were $5.06 and when combined with 2005 and 2006, this is the best three-year stretch of earnings in our history. We did a number of things right in 2007. On this same continuing basis, our sales revenue increased by 11% and our operating margin was 11%. And the strong operating margin was despite an increase of approximately $250 million in raw material and energy cost. There has been a lot of hard work that has enabled us to sustain a high level of earnings. It starts with Eastman employees around the world, who have done really a fantastic job of operating our facilities safely and reliably, so that we can provide our customers with world-class innovative products. It also reflects the fact that we have kept our commitments made to you over several years. For example we told you we would divest the under performing businesses in the CASPI segment and we did and CASPI has been stronger ever since. We told you we would improve our financial position and continue to be disciplined as we put cash to work. Today our balance sheet is the strongest it's ever been. We continue to pay a strong dividend as we have every quarter since we became a public company in 1994. We purchased almost $400 million of our shares in 2007, and we are continuing to buy back shares. When we are finished with the current authorization, we will have bought back $1 billion of our shares since 2007 and our return on invested capital in 2007 was 13%. We told you we'll divest our polyethylene business, which we completed in the fourth quarter of 2006 and related to that, we are shutting down older non-competitive crackers at our Texas site. One was shut down during the third quarter of last year and another will be shut down in 2008. The result of that is that we're reducing our cyclicality, as a smaller percentage of our products are ethylene derivatives. And we told you we would divest our PET manufacturing facilities outside the US. Three of them were divested in 2007 and we expect to complete the divestiture of our remaining European facilities by the end of the first quarter. The bottom line is that we've had a history of following through on our commitments and the results have been the historically high earnings we're now enjoying. Now I actually have a reason for emphasizing this track record and that's going to become apparent to you in a few minutes. Now transitioning to the segment highlights starting with Fibers. Fibers' operating earnings were $238 million in 2007, which by the way is the highest in their history. And of course this means they were a bit higher than 2006, which is consistent with the guidance we gave you. Revenue increased by 10% due to a combination of selling... higher selling prices needed to offset the higher [inaudible] in energy and some increased sales volume. The volume increase was 3%, which is in line with the guidance we gave you. A quick comment about their fourth quarter Earnings were up solidly based on strong volumes, which were due to some chunkiness and customer buying patterns particularly in China. Looking at 2008, we expect another solid year from fibers, really not much different than 2007. Next is CASPI, which had another great year despite the difficult climate for autos and housing in the US throughout the year. Operating earnings of $234 million were just slightly lower than the record year they had in 2006 with the decline concentrated in the fourth quarter. In the fourth quarter, operating earnings were lower year-over-year as selling prices could not keep up with rapidly rising raw material costs, particularly propane during a seasonally slow quarter for volumes. I would add that although earnings were lower in North America during the year, they were up in all other regions for CASPI, particularly Europe as they benefited from robust demand and a strong euro. Looking at 2008, we expect CASPI to maintain solid earnings at the low end of their 15% to 20% operating margin range that we attribute to them as continued weakness in North America is offset by strength in Europe and Asia. Moving to Specialty Plastics, during both the fourth quarter and full-year 2007, operating earnings improved over 2006 despite higher paraxylene costs. Copolyester volumes increased by 10% as our market development efforts continue to pay-off. Partially offsetting the growth in copolyester volume was the decline in demand for polyester products going into photographic and optical films. The impact of this decline ran its course in 2007. So, we don't expect it to be a factor in 2008. As I've said before, we are reinvesting our gross profits in the Specialty Plastics segment. And we're in the early stages of seeing a return on that investment. We expect 2008 operating earnings will be a bit higher than 2007 despite higher paraxylene costs, and we are on track to approach $100 million in operating earnings in 2009, which would represent about a 50% improvement over 2007. So, I will talk a bit more about that later on. Performance Chemicals and Intermediates is next and they had simply a fantastic fourth quarter and full-year 2007. Operating earnings for the fourth quarter was $62 million and for the full year were $238 million. The full-year earnings are their best in a decade and on a continuing basis their revenues were up 17% with strong demand for olefins and acetyls in Asia and North America as the biggest factors. This segment also benefited from earnings from the licensing of acetyl technology for the production of acetic acid to the Chang Chun Petrochemical Company in Taiwan. Operating earnings from the license were $22 million in the fourth quarter. And as additional milestones are met, there will be more earnings from the license, but at a lower level than what we received in the fourth quarter. As a reminder to you, this is the second licensee of our acetyl technology. Back in 2005 we licensed to Sipchem in Saudi Arabia. Looking forward, obviously it's challenging for PCI to sustain this level of earnings. In 2007, their operating margin was well over 10% and we normally think of them as a 5% to 10% operating margin range. However, we don't see significant increments of additional capacity that would impact their business coming online in 2008. And so we therefore expect them to be at the top end of their 5% to 10% range that we normally attribute to them. Turning now to our performance polymers, we made a lot of progress in 2007 towards transforming our PET business including bringing our new IntegRex PET facility in South Carolina to fully operational status. We run at above main play capacity and confirmed that conversion cost savings are greater than 50% compared to the conventional asset. Our ParaStar PET resin is now widely accepted in the marketplace and we are on track to debottleneck our facility by 50% by the end of 2008. In addition as I mentioned earlier, we completed the divestiture of our PET sites in Spain, Mexico, and Argentina and we are on track to close the divestiture of our sites in the Netherlands and the UK by the end of the first quarter. On a continuing basis, performance polymers revenue will consist of sales from US PET manufacturing sites, which were $1 billion in 2007. And that is less than 40% of what the performance polymer segment revenue was in 2006. Of course when you take significant actions like this to transform the business, there are costs involved. During the fourth quarter and throughout the year, we incurred cost related to the ramp up of our IntegRex facility and the many actions we are taking at the South Carolina site, combined. With continued difficult market conditions in North America for PET, this led to a significant operating loss. There is no doubt however that we will improve on these results in 2008. In addition to expanding the capacity of our IntegRex facility by the end of the year, the transformation of our South Carolina facility will be completed by midyear 2008. This includes shutting down 300,000 metric tons of our conventional capacity, which is on top of the 100,000 metric tons we shut down in 2007. We will also complete the shutdown of our DMT intermediate assets and increase our PET... excuse me, PTA capacity by the middle of the year. And we will remove approximately $30 million in annual cost from our South Carolina site also by the middle of the year. We now expect that we will have low single digit positive margins for the full year 2008 and that we will approach 10% operating margins for full year 2009. We have a clear path to get to this significant improvement in results. Now, one last comment on PET and IntegRex. On this call in October, I said that we were not happy with the typical PET business model, which is build a big facility and then try to sell out the plant. I also said IntegRex has secured its place in the market as the best technology for manufacturing PET period. And that the PETA part of the technology is every bit is impressive. After considering all our options for creating value from the IntegRex Technology, we have evolved our PET strategy and we are now pursuing licensing opportunities for IntegRex. We have already had discussions with a number of interested parties and their response has been very good. We are actively pursuing this strategy and expect to make good progress in 2008. And as we generate licensing revenue from IntegRex, of course it will bolster our results in the performance polymers segment. Now turning to the regions and looking at regional performance, I'll make a few overall comments before talking about each of them individually. In 2007 on a continuing basis, our sales revenue was about 60% North America and about 40% outside North America. But looking at operating earnings on a same basis, the split is closer to 50-50. The growth we achieved outside the US allowed us to offset the impact of the slowing US economy, and we see this as one of the strengths of our company and it is something we will continue to build on. With that said, I'll start with North America. Full year North American revenues declined by 4% mainly due to divestures. On a continuing basis, North American revenue actually increased 6%, operating earnings declined by about $65 million, mostly in Performance Polymers and CASPI. Asia-Pacific revenue increased by 20% for the year and went over $1 billion for the first time. Asia-Pacific is now our second largest region by revenue. Higher revenues were realized in almost all the segments, but we are strongest for Fibers and PCI. Asia-Pacific operating earrings for 2007 increased substantially to approximately $190 million, up about 70% over 2006. The biggest increase was in PCI as they benefited from strong acetyl and olefin demand in that region and, of course, the licensing revenue showed up in that region as well. Fibers, CASPI, and Specialty Plastics also increased operating earnings in the Asia-Pacific region. In Europe, our revenue increased by 17%. The largest increases were in CASPI, Specialty Plastics and Fibers. Operating earnings also improved up about $40 million with particular strength in CASPI and PCI. Lastly, Latin American revenue and operating earnings excluding PET sales were about flat compared with 2006. Now looking at our first quarter and full year 2008 there are two key uncertainties. Prospects for economic growth in the US, Europe and Asia appear to be dimming, although we have yet to see evidence of these in our volumes and volatility in our key raw material and energy cost remains an issue. At the same time, we are continuing to work on transforming the PET business while we also make progress on growth initiatives and Industrial Gasification, Fibers and Specialty Plastics. But even with all of those moving parts, we expect strong results in 2008. During the first quarter, we expect earnings per share to be above first quarter 2007 earnings per share of $1.19 and for the full year 2008, we expect earnings per share to be similar to our 2007 earnings per share of $5.06. For all periods, gains and charges related to strategic decisions are excluded in these numbers. With major economic uncertainties along with all of the work that we are doing internally, we think that would be a very, very good result. Now as I usually do on these calls, I would like to conclude with some remarks on our corporate strategy. Over the last couple of years at our investor days and at conferences and on these calls, we have spoken with you about our corporate strategy. What we have not said as much about is the value we expect to create when we have completed the strategy. So, this morning I'm going to begin a dialogue with you about the value we expect to create over the next five years and beyond and this is a really why I stress in opening comments our historical track record of doing what we say we will do. Today, we are once again painting a picture of the future for Eastman and we're going... we are doing this because we strongly believe we can achieve this vision. When we look across the company at the many transformational initiatives we are currently pursuing, we expect them to result in a doubling of our earnings per share by 2012. So roughly, we expect to go from around $5 per share now to $10 per share in 2012 and between 2008 and 2012, we expect our earnings each year to increase over the previous year. So for example, in 2009, we would expect our earnings per share to be 10% to 15% higher than 2008. So, I will anticipate your first question, how do we get from $5 per share to $10 per share? I'll flick at it in two buckets. In the first bucket, we have our two announced industrial gasification initiatives, which we expect will contribute about $2 per share by 2012. This includes the Texas and Faustina gasification projects that we have discussed with you before. Milestones for these projects include completing the front-end engineering and design process in the second half of 2008. Obtaining project financing by the end of the 2008, breaking ground in early 2009 and then starting up in 2011. And by the way, the economics for these projects just keep getting better after 2012 as they reach their peak operating rates. In the second bucket are the growth initiatives for our core businesses; we expect these to contribute about $3 per share by 2012. These initiatives include PET improvements that I discussed previously. Increasing profitability in Specialty Plastics is another. We expect to increase operating earnings to about $100 million in 2009 and continuing to grow further thereafter. Milestones to get there include converting PET capacity to Copolyester; we will complete the conversion of 50,000 metric tons by midyear 2008 and will convert another 50,000 metric tons by 2010. Another milestone is increasing our revenue from Cellulose Esters used in LCD screens to $100 million in 2009 from approximately $50 million in 2007. The third milestone is making continued progress with the commercialization of our new Copolyester Tritan, which was launched in November of last year to much positive customer fanfare. Growth in the fiber segment is another initiative in this bucket. It includes the expansion of our acetate tow capacity in the UK, which will be completed by the end of this year. And another milestone is making an announcement regarding our Asian growth strategy for acetate tow, we expect to give you more details this year. And of course the $1 billion in authorized share repurchases of which we have already completed about $400 million is another step we are taking which will increase earnings per share. We have a clear strategy of creating significant value. We are leveraging the biggest strength we have as a company, which is the capabilities of our people to innovate and execute and that gives us a lot of confidence that we will be successful. Getting to $10 per share is not the end by the way. There are additional initiatives in familiar areas like gasification and in other areas that we have not yet discussed with you that will add to the story and we continue to work on those as well. I am sure you're going to have a lot of questions about our expectations and I'll start to answer those this morning. Rich and I will also be at a number of conferences throughout the year to give you more details and to update you as we achieved the milestones we laid out for ourselves. But I hope you can tell that we're pretty excited about the value that we have created in the company and about the additional value that we expect to create as we execute the strategy. So, I'm looking forward to talking with you more as we continue to make progress and with that I'll turn it over to Rich.
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you Brian and good morning everybody. That was a pretty tough act to follow, but hear I ago. Before my begin with my remarks, I do want to second Brian's comments that we are very confident and excited about the value we are going to create over the next five years and beyond that. It has taken a lot of hard work to strengthen ourselves and get to where we are, and it will take a lot of hard work to go where we want to go. But I'm very confident that we as a company have what it takes to get there. With that said. I'll get started with my comments. This morning I'll cover our restructuring related items, provide a little more color around our cash flow and net debt, touch on our effective tax rate and finish up with some overall financial metrics. First as Brian mentioned, we have taken a number of significant strategic actions in our Performance Polymer segment during 2007. During the second quarter, we divested our PET facility in Spain, and in the fourth quarter, we entered into definitive agreements to divest our Netherlands PET and PTA facilities, as well as our PET facility in the UK. And those are our last two PET facilities outside the US. Netherlands and UK closing is scheduled later this quarter and will be recognizing a gain on the transaction. As a result of these actions, we now have GAAP measure in our results for discontinued operations. For reporting purposes, the European PET assets were considered an asset group, and because we're exiting the PET business in the European region, results from the Spain, Netherlands and UK facilities will be reported as discontinued operations in our results. Looking at the fourth quarter of 2007 that will be reflected as a loss of 0.04 per share. We also closed the sale of our Latin American PET facilities in Mexico and Argentina during the fourth quarter. Unlike the European business, the Latin American business did not meet the accounting criteria for discontinued operations. We'll continue to have involvement in the region selling PTA to the Argentina plant from South Carolina under the terms of a supply agreement. And we'll also have some sales of PET into the region from our US site. To help you size the revenue and operating earnings impact of the Latin American divestitures, there is some additional information provided in the conference call tables we sent along with our earnings news release. In addition to the strategic actions for our PET facilities outside the US, We are continuing to take actions to transform our South Carolina PET site. As you heard from Brian, we're moving along as scheduled. While in the process of shutting down our highest cost PET lines in South Carolina during 2007, we incurred $30 million of accelerated depreciation costs related to these actions. $9 million of that total was incurred in the fourth quarter. During 2008, we'll record another $4 million of the accelerated depreciation cost as we finish up these actions. Obviously significantly reduced compared to 2007. We've also incurred accelerated depreciation cost for our scheduled shut down of our smaller cracking facility, Longview, Texas site and that's reported in the PCI segment. During the fourth quarter of 2007, we incurred $3 million of accelerated depreciation costs and a total of $19 million for the full year. Looking ahead in the full-year '08, we expect to incur an additional $6 million of accelerated depreciation costs associated with these facilities, again significantly reduced compared to 2007. We do have some flexibility as to the exact timing of the cracker shutdowns. And we've the ability to keep them running as long as is it is economically sound to do so. One additional item, in the other income area, we recorded other income of $10 million in the fourth quarter of 2007, compared to $14 million in the same period last year. The other income in this year's fourth quarter included net gains on foreign exchange transactions and income from some of our venture investments. Moving onto cash flow, our cash flow from operations for the full year 2007 was $732 million, $321 million of that was generated during the fourth quarter. Key driver, continued strong earnings from almost all of our segments through the year. Our depreciation and amortization increased slightly year-over-year to $327 million in 2007. That's about in line with what we expected. Looking ahead, we expect depreciation and amortization to decline in 2008 to about $270 million. That decrease is primarily due to the divestiture of the PET facilities outside the US and significantly reduced accelerated depreciation costs relating to the restructuring actions. In the first quarter of 2007, we contributed $100 million to the US defined benefit pension plan, which is now fully funded. This compares to a contribution of $75 million in 2006 and these are included in the liabilities from employee benefits line on the cash flow statement. We don't expect to make additional contributions to the US pension plan in 2008. In addition to the strong cash flows from operating activities, we also had other items that helped us in cash from investing in financing activities. During the year we received approximately $200 million in proceeds from the divestitures at the PET facilities in Argentina, Mexico, and Spain. We also received proceeds from stock option exercises of about $100 million, as our employees were able to share in the success of the company. On the uses of cash, our capital expenditures totaled $518 million in 2007 compared to $389 million in 2006. Increasing capital spending in 2007 was primarily due to investing in our strategic initiatives. The transformation of our PET site in South Carolina, the conversion of the older high cost PET assets over the copolyester capacity included the expansion of the Workington UK acetate tow facility, which is on schedule to be completed in second half. We continue the revamping at the Longview, Texas site, which included costs to shut down all their higher cracking units, one of which was shutdown during the year with the second plant to be completed by mid '08. And of course we had a number of capital projects as we continued to improve efficiencies and invest in reliability. Looking forward at 2008, we've a number of projects and initiatives that we are funding. First we've the expenditures related to the debottleneck of our IntegRex facility, which will increase capacity by about 50%. We also increased expenditures on our efforts in gasification. We are increasing our capacity of CTA which goes into LCD screens and will support our efforts to achieve $100 million in revenue by 09. We are increasing capacity of new [inaudible] copolyester Tritan. We will complete the work on our acetate tow expansion in Workington, England in the second half of the year and of course again continue to fund improvements and efficiency and investing reliability. As a result, our current forecast is for 2008 CapEx to be above $600 million. Putting this all together, our total debtless cash and cash equivalents or net debt at the end of the year was $719 million, that's an increase of about $70 million over 2006. And it is obviously driven by the share repurchases $328 million, and the increased capital spending on our strategic initiatives. Our net interest expense declined in 2007 to $62 million, $15 million reduction compared to 2006. The decline is primarily due to higher interest income on our invested cash balances. Looking ahead, we expect net interest expense to increase somewhat in '08, primarily due to lower interest rates on invested cash. Our effective tax rate in the fourth quarter for continuing operations excluding items was 30% and that's about flat compared to fourth quarter of last year... sorry 2006. The tax rate for the full-year '07 for continuing operations excluding items were 33%, that is flat compared to the full-year 2006 and slightly lower than our previous guidance of 34%. A lower tax rate was primarily due to the change in reporting for discontinued operations. On an overall basis, our tax rate was pretty close to guidance. For 2008 on a continuing operations basis, our effective tax rate should be around at 34% level given the ins and outs of earnings in different tax jurisdictions. Finally, I will wrap up with a few comments on overall financial metrics. We ended 2007 with a net debt to capital ratio of 26% and an ROIC of 13%, well above our cost to capital. Given our expectations from improved financial performance, we expect to have a very strong operating cash flow over the next five years and beyond. We continue to be rated a strong BBB BAA2 by the credit rating agencies. We see this as our sweet spot and are happy with that rating. So, as Brian said, we've got aggressive plans for growing our profitability over the next five years, and as we pursue those opportunities we do so with a strong balance sheet and a very firm financial foundation. With that, I will turn it back over to Greg... sorry to Jennifer.
Jennifer Bogni - Manager, Investor Relations.: Thank you Rich. This concludes our prepared remarks, and Matt I believe with that we're ready for questions. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We will go first to P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Good morning Brian.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning P.J.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Let me play devil's advocate with you. Let's say US goes into recession and oil is down to $60 in 2008. If that occurs, would you still go ahead with your coal gasification projects and do you believe you will get financing?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely yes in both cases. The basic math we have done for the coal gas economics basically assumes $60 oil and something in the neighborhood of $8 gas. Also remember that recessions are things that play out in months and this vision we have described to you plays out over many years, [inaudible] to the bump in the road. If I think about Eastman having to face the recession, I cannot think of a time in our history when we are better positioned or were better positioned than we are now. We've got this very strong balance sheet, we've got a very strong credit rating, we have lots of cash generation. So, I don't anticipate anything slowing that down.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Okay.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: As far as the financing is concerned, I'll let Rich comment on that.
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: P.J., I think the projects will stand on their own two feet. We are confident that the financing will be there for us.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: And the second broader questions is, you licensed your acetic acid technology to this Taiwanese company, to Sipchem. Now you are going to license IntegRex. As these new players come in, use your technology and add capacity, have you thought through what is the real impact on your existing businesses when the new capacity gets added?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely. I mean the whole point, whenever you get into the licensing world, you've to imagine what is it going to be like if the world is swimming in that particular commodity and how much do you like it. We've absolutely thought through that, we're very comfortable that especially in IntegRex case, we are going to create an awful lot of value. That is a great technology that is going to result in multiple licenses across the world. And we think that's going to create a better value equation for us than some of the alternative choices.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: And just lastly, in terms of cost, how does your acetic acid technology compare with Celanese's technology? Thank you.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: I can't really comment on that. The fact that we're getting licensees, the fact that we've been going head to head with these other guys in the world for a very, very long time tells you that we're very competitive. And that's about as far as I can go on that.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup: Thank You.
Operator: We'll go next to the Kevin McCarthy with Banc of America Securities.
Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: Yes. Good morning Brian.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: With regard to your $2 contribution from the Coal Gasification initiatives, can you talk a little bit about the assumptions that are going into that and the confidence interval you have around that number given the contracts and potential fluctuation in energy prices, that sort of thing.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. First of all, when we talk about $2, it's a combination of the IRR from the equity investment and the value that's created by the off tick. So, the off tick is not a trivial part of the value creation, its a significant contributor. Of course we're going for non-recourse debt financing on these projects and to secure that, there has to be some kind of an equation in the contracts that indexes selling prices to raw material costs. So, that generally locks in some kind of a margin now, we've a contracting strategy to protect that financing covenant, but also provide for upside. So, you mix it up in the way that you do the contracting, that's something the guys are working on. But we feel very confident about taking out the market risk through that process. The assumptions on CapEx, we still have about $1.2 billion per project and of course we're going to see... $1.6 billion sorry per project. We're going through the feed process to confirm that. The gas price that is sort of the key commodity that you want to look at, to see if you have a good spread between coal and petrol versus other hydrocarbon. We're assuming that price is in the neighborhood of $8, if the $8 doesn't change potentially and that yields roughly $6 spread between the solid and the other hydrocarbon that you're trading up again. We feel good about that, the combination of geopolitics, scarcity and potentially global climate change policies looks like it's going to support that spread at a very least, it may even get a bit wider. So, we feel I guess we've looked at it several ways, we know how, Kevin, we feel pretty good about them.
Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: So, just a follow up. If the energy complex were to inflate 20%, let's say versus your assumptions. How much would the $2 number fluctuate, do you think?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: When you say the energy complex, you are talking about the CapEx?
Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: Sorry, crude oil and natural gas.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Actually that's... the key issue with the spread is that spread between solid hydrocarbons and oil and natural gas. I would expect based on what's going on in the world that the inflation happens more quickly to the oil, natural gas community than it does to the coal, PETCO community.
Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: Right.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: And that broadens spread, which actually improves our margins.
Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: Right. I'm wondering, how much would it improve in that scenario, do you think? Possible to quantify that?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: No.
Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: Okay.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I guess we are speculating about the spread.
Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: Yes. Okay and then let's follow up on PET licensing. How would you characterize this financial opportunity from that new initiative over the next three to five years, how big could that be?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: We are going to do that for you Kevin. I think the main announcement we made today is that essentially we are not pursuing our new plants of our own, we are not pursuing a JV of our own. We've chosen this licensing, because it creates the most... the best combination of value versus risk. I will tell you that it doesn't take many licenses to create a whole lot of value and then compete very well with the other choices that we had. So, we feel I'm not going to... you don't want me to size the price of a license on a telephone line before we've negotiated them, Kevin.
Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: Fair enough. And last question is, you shut down the crackers, what do you expect in terms of impact to your contract ethylene sales and PCI profitability?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, those were never all that profitable, right. That was mostly about volume, which is why we call them out separately, so you don't get so excited about the volumes we saw there. Those were always part of the accommodation for the sales process. As they go away, the volume and sales dollars will go away, but there is not a lot of earnings at... its pretty much a loss most of the time, year in year out.
Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: Thank you Brian.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Operator: We'll go next to Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Hi, good morning.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive: Good morning Jeff.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: A few questions, what was the tax rate on the acetyls licensing?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That was our ordinary tax rate, our effective tax rate,
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Why is it so high?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Our effective tax rate is high, because our primary tax jurisdiction is the United States.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: What was the EPS effect from currency translation and hedging gains in the quarter?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Jeff, I'm not going to say much about hedging gains, other than we have a very active risk mitigation program, and it's the risk we take and it's not something I want to call out and have our customers they think that it should be theirs.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Okay, how about currency translation, do you comment on that?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, we have a very strong euro. So, as Brian noted and as you can see in the results of several of our product areas that do export aggressively such as CASPI and specialty plastics, our earnings have held up very well and that's partially driven by the opportunities to sell in Europe. We did say in our other income area, we have some currency gains primarily that's across the receivables that we hold and the fact that they actually got more valuable as they stayed on our books until we collected them. But again it's... you can make a judgment on the value of the improvement in euro by the size of our exports to Europe.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Brian, why have you lowered your expectations about PET margins in '08 or what was the factor that led you to move them down?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Well, remember we're still holding to the 10% of the expectation. The...
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Yes, you moved it back.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Moved it back a bit. The... there is some very good news actually related to that, as we went through the evolution of the engineering, looking at how to debottleneck gathering all the data. We actually identified a much larger debottleneck that we can accomplish than we had originally anticipated when we first made the comments to you. The consequence of accomplishing that bigger debottleneck is that it moves it about five or six months. So, a very good outcome, lots of value to be created, but it takes a few more months to get it done.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Okay. Just two more brief questions, if you don't mind. When you talk about growth in 2009, what's your PCI expectation? Do you have that business going back to a 5% margin or staying at about 10%? How do you frame that in your '09 forecast?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: It's coming down. I'm not going to give you the exact number in there. It's part of that cycle that's going on. We are much less cyclical in PCI than we were before because of many things that we have done there.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: And then lastly in your four-year or five-year forecast where you have your $10 estimate, are there any earnings from commodity PET in that number?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. We have the South Carolina facility humming along at this expanded rate with a very good cost position creating value above 10%. So, absolutely [inaudible] in there. Remember that South Carolina site is evolving overtime every time we keep on encroaching on PET capacity and converting it to specialty plastics. So it will be a moving number over time.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: We will go next to Frank Mitsch with BB&T Capital Market.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Good morning gentleman.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Frank.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Brian, in terms of your volumes, you are saying that you have not seen a slowdown in your businesses, and I saw that Caterpillar said on their tape today that they believe we are in a recessionary environment. If we are looking at past recessions, when would Eastman see a slowdown in its volume? Would it see it concurrently with the recession, would it see it in advance of the recession? Can you shed a little light on that?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: I can make a guess, but then it would probably be wrong Frank, because it all depends on how much stuff there is in the supply chain. Our sense is that there is less stuff in the supply chain today than there has been in past years. So, I would expect to see it sooner rather than later. We did indicate to you that North America was a lower volume year, on a continuing basis it was a little bit better. We have seen some fall off in the fourth quarter, but it's the overall rise across the globe that has shored that up. So, some of that rise, we saw some dramatic rises in Asia Pacific and Europe. It is because we were able to move to profitable markets there when things got softer here.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: So in your view, if you see it... if you suggest that you would see it sooner then you have in past recessions that's fairly bullish for '08, or at least the start of '08.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: It's bullish for the first half of the first quarter, Frank. That's all I can tell you, because the visibility on those books doesn't go after a long period of time as you know.
Frank Mitch - BB&T Capital Markets: Which brings you to my second question, in the fourth... when you announced third-quarter results, you said the fourth quarter would be above $1. And here you are coming in 27% higher. You're saying that for the first quarter you're going to be above $1.19. So should we be looking at a number 27% higher like $1.50 for the first quarter?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You should be looking for a number that's above $1.19, Frank.
Frank Mitch - BB&T Capital Markets: And lastly, you explained why you are expecting to see the PET margin improvement a little bit later and some of the milestones that we will be seeing along the way in terms of the debottleneck. Can you give us some of the near-term milestones in terms of your coal gasification project, in terms of financing and so we can monitor how you're keeping on track to ultimately get to a doubling of earnings?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we can. We are actually going to be printing our press release here this morning that should have some of those milestones down. But the next milestone is the FEED process concluding FEED stands for front-end engineering and design. That's later this summer. That's where we lock at the CapEx and have all the data, have the contracts in hand so we can go seek the financing. The financial close is the next milestone we should look for. Financial close means we've gone to secure the financing, contracts were in place, we let the contracts to the contractors, etc. Then the next milestone after that is breaking ground in 2009. So, permitting... if you break ground in 2009 means you've accomplished your permits also. So, those are the three major milestones that would be external to you. There may be a few other and immediate ones we can refer to but those are the major ones.
Frank Mitch - BB&T Capital Markets: All right. [inaudible] that in the press release.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Frank Mitch - BB&T Capital Markets: Terrific. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Gregg Goodnight with UBS.
Gregg Goodnight - UBS: Good morning. Good morning. Couple of questions. In terms of your share buyback, you've repurchased $380 million, but if I'm correct, a lot of that was with the former $300 million authorization and now you've have the $700 million authorization. How do you see the timing going forward? When are you going to take a big bite out of that $700 million.
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Gregg, we've continued to buy here in January of course. I'd say we're going to continue to be thoughtful about it, but at the same time, we are going to be opportunistic about it. So, I take this and we look at it on a day-by-day basis.
Gregg Goodnight - UBS: You don't have a target, a rough target for completing this in 12 months, 18 months, anything we can look at in model?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Again, it much depends on where the share price goes. If it's down, we'll be opportunistic. If it's up, we'll be more measured.
Gregg Goodnight - UBS: Okay. Well, it seems like it's been down recently. But anyway your... the other question I had is, it seems like you've some very aggressive plans for growth and share buyback and you yourselves had said that you're assuming good cash flow in the immediate future. I have really two questions. Number one is, what is your base case economic assumptions going forward, is it a US recession case, is it continued global strength? And number two, if the economy does get worse, would you be willing to sacrifice either say your share repurchase or let that go up in order to maintain your aggressive growth plans?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Gregg, let me answer it this way. We've... our base case does not include a severe recession, but we've got alternative scenarios, which we built internally to try to get arms around. What might the impact be to the company in the phase of a significant recession? The question that we ask ourselves, can we continue to invest in our strategic initiatives in the way we've planned, and in the timing we planned and if we do hit that kind of a bump in the road, and my short answer is we believe very strongly that we will be able to stay the course, invest in our strategic initiatives as we go forward.
Gregg Goodnight - UBS: Will you be able to maintain your current debt level in that scenario where you do have a major recession?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Gregg, the short answer is yes. We model quite extensively our ability to retain our strong investment credit rating, and that's where we want to stay and we believe that we can withstand the recession, invest in our strategic initiatives and retain that rating.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Remember Gregg, we got very little net debt right now, we are low. So a little more debt wouldn't actually be the end of the world, would it?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No. And we don't have... and our bond maturities are such that we don't have a major call on cash in the coming years.
Gregg Goodnight - UBS: Yes. Would you rank your priorities on use of cash for me?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Number one, strategic initiatives. We are... maintained a dividend clearly and obviously the pension plan is well for our employees. And of course for share repurchase.
Gregg Goodnight - UBS: Pension plan is fully funded?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes fully funded. But you know as time goes on, if we need to fund it, we will.
Gregg Goodnight - UBS: Okay, thank you gentlemen.
Operator: We will go next to Bob Goldberg with Scopus Asset Management.
Bob Goldberg  Scopus Asset Management: Good morning guys
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive: Good morning.
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Bob Goldberg - Scopus Asset Management: I had a bunch of questions, but I do have to make a comment on the share buyback. I assume you have confidence in this forecast of doubling earnings, that you get $10 by 2012, it sounds like it's been very well thought out. Think you believe in those numbers. The stock is trading at six times earnings and about 3.5 times enterprise value-to-EBITDA. So given that context, does it really matter Rich if the stock is trading at 60 or 58 or 64 in terms of the level of enthusiasm for the stock buyback? It just seems like if you believe in the forecast, any of these prices in this range are just very compelling opportunities for the company to take advantage of.
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Bob, I guess I'll just say absolutely yes. We bought shares at a lot of different prices over the last months. Our initial authorization ended up at about $64. We bought some at just about every price level and I agree with you that the... it's a compelling buy. Again we are... we're being opportunistic the same way you'd be when you want to increase your position in Eastman and you look for the opportunity to get in it at a price you feel is a good one and we're doing the same thing. So... but the short answer is, yes. We feel like the range of share prices we've seen over recent months is... it's a strong buy and that's what we are doing.
Bob Goldberg - Scopus Asset Management: A couple of detailed questions Rich, while I have you. What are the net proceeds expected from the sale of the European PTA and PTA assets?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That is about $330 million. Yes, and that includes working capital.
Bob Goldberg - Scopus Asset Management: And that's after tax though? Is there a tax associated?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We don't have a major... major tax to pay on that.
Bob Goldberg - Scopus Asset Management: Okay and one more detail question. Maybe I'm not sure who is going to answer this, but PET, the loss of $15 million on the US business on an operating basis. How much... how much is in there for expenses associated with this transformation process and how much of the $53 million loss for the year is cost that would be associated with that process?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Bob, it was more than half. That's about as far as I want to go. It's more than half of the $53 million loss.
Bob Goldberg - Scopus Asset Management: And when does that start to... this is wind down by the end of the second quarter or when do these transitional costs, when are they fully absorbed?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: The vast majority of them are absorbed by the end of the second quarter. We carefully appreciate how much we are tearing up that facility, and how much work is going on. And then it's all in good shape there, the last shoot a drop of course is the debottleneck and it requires a couple of shutdowns in the second half of the year for us to do this 50% debottleneck of the IntegRex facility. So, there is a little bit of cost that hangs over to the latter part of the year. When you go into 2009, then you are hitting on all cylinders.
Bob Goldberg - Scopus Asset Management: Should we expect to see any sequential improvement in the PET business from the fourth quarter?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely.
Bob Goldberg - Scopus Asset Management: And then lastly, Brian, on the guidance for the year, last year you gave guidance of something below, something less than 10% relative to the 453 consensus estimate for the 2007 at that time, and you ended up doing 506 close to about $0.75 better than the mid point of guidance? I am not going to ask you... if it is a guidance of $0.75, but it is very difficult given the segment guidance that you gave to get to 506. Are you just baking in a much less robust macro economic outlook? I'm just wondering what's baked into that guidance to get to the 506 because it seems like given the outlook for each segment that earnings could be perhaps somewhat better than that?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Well. The world was very kind to us last year. We had some great things that happened when some people ran force majeure in certain businesses, and we have benefited from that, because we could operate when they couldn't. And that had something to do with the out performance of this past year. You can't expect that to happen again this year. So, we didn't cook that into the numbers. Our expenditures are going up of course for some of the transformational work we are doing in South Carolina. We are also spending more money in the gasification world as we start to crank up these big projects. In the press release, you're going to see a whole lot of growth initiatives in especially plastics transforming PET, expanding fibers, there is a lot of stuff going on in 2008, a very pivotal year. And all of those eat into the expense line. So, if we had not had those things going on, yes, it could very well have been a better year, but the net of all the activity, we are going on with the internal activity plus, frankly, give me a little bit of those leeway here, we have a very uncertain world in front of us. We feel like the guidance we gave you is appropriate.
Bob Goldberg - Scopus Asset Management: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We go to Charles [inaudible] with the Morgan Stanley Company.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Charlie.
Unidentified Analyst: Couple of quick questions. Have you guys gotten... if you get closer, I guess to locking down some of the numbers on the coal gasification stuff? Have you noticed any sort of de-escalation in some of the prices, maybe they are coming back a little bit, because we've been seeing some project work. You know some freeing up of resources, things like that have begun to pull down some of these earlier estimates on construction costs. Is that shown up at all in the project?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: It's hard to me to tell right now Charlie, but that is actually one of the windfalls. Maybe we talked about the down size of our recession. This is one of the upsides of our recession. The biggest thing everybody is worried about right now is CapEx and one of the best things that could happen to us on a very capital intensive program is for a recession to slow that down. And yes, there is a lot of close watching of that and we are trying to account for whatever is happening there as we do our CapEx estimates and that would give us some hope that it's not going to head in the wrong direction in any kind of meaningful way. But this work is still... it is only about half way through. So, it is just too early to call.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Another quick one on there are obviously some questions about next year's guidance and it being a little bit on the low side. But I guess, this year, the fourth quarter there was some benefit, particularly I guess for the year on the acetyl site. So, I'm assuming we are bringing the acetyl numbers down a bit to something more, what other companies would call sustainable levels?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. That's correct.
Unidentified Analyst: And then does '08 include any PET licensing?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: We have not built anything like that in there yet. And that would be the answer.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Greg Riddle - Director, Investor Relations: Let's make the next question the last one please.
Operator: And we'll go to Andy Feinman with Iridian Asset Management.
Andrew Feinman - Iridian Asset Management: Thanks. Do you think that the Fibers' operating profit will get back to 25% in 2008?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I guess Andy the guidance we gave is that, this is always the chunky business but we think that the best call we can make for Fibers is that it's going to look next year like it did this year.
Andrew Feinman - Iridian Asset Management: Okay. That is a little different than what you said last quarter about your Fibers' operating margin.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. That's... we're going to be a little later on the Fibers expansion. It's taking a little more time in the UK. So, maybe 2008... 2009 a bit better. But we've had construction delay in Fibers and this bigger expansion of PET that pushed two projects back in 2008.
Andrew Feinman - Iridian Asset Management: Okay. In CapEx, you've talked about, you've included some Coal Gasification CapEx. But the project you haven't broken ground yet, you don't have the financing yet. So, I was wondering what that was and how much of the $620 million or how much of the capital spending was $625 million, how much is going to that?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: I'll give you a piece of that and I'll let Rich to the rest. We're... because of long schedules and very full shops, we're doing some early ordering of equipment in the gasification projects, to make sure that things will be on time. So, what you risk there, of course, is cancellation fees. But we'll be doing some early ordering even before we get some other things done like permitting and some of the FEED processes etcetera. And you invest the money to get those things done. As far as its percentage in the CapEx budget, I'm not sure
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. I'm not prepared here to break all of that out. But the other piece of the gasification is paying for the FEED process. And, so and there're some land purchases in here too around getting the site ready. So, it's a part of that build up Andy, but the major ramp-up of construction cost of course comes in 2009 and beyond.
Andrew Feinman - Iridian Asset Management: So, paying for the FEED process that's capitalized?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. We've paid for the FEED process and capitalized it. We buy the land and we talked about the plant that we purchased before, and as Brian said, we've got some long lead items that we'll be putting some money down. So...
Andrew Feinman - Iridian Asset Management: Okay. You said that the PET revenue in North America was $1 billion after the stuff you're selling. Can you say, how much of it would be on a full-year basis, or after you close the 300,000 tons of legacy capacity?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: I'm going to let Greg walk you through the pluses and minuses math on all of that, maybe offline Andy.
Andrew Feinman - Iridian Asset Management: Okay. That's fine.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive: That's probably the best way to do that, because if I did it here right now, I'm bound to do it wrong. Remember we're shutting down, we shut down 100 last year, shutting down 300 more this year, that's a total of 400 being coming down. The math of the last IntegRex facility is 550,000, but that's not the only PET. We have other lines running, so that's where I get messed up in trying to help you...
Andrew Feinman - Iridian Asset Management: Yes that fine, I'll talk to Greg. I just got two more quick things. I had... first of all, your net debt is $719 million, so you're going to get $333 million from sale of the European PET. You're going to pay $150 million dollar dividend and if you have your earnings estimate of $5.05 and you... that will give you free cash flow for the full year of around $100 million from operations, even though you spent $625 million. So, that assumes that your net debt in 2008 without doing anymore buybacks would drop form $719 million to something like $435 million, if you didn't buyback anymore stock. And I wanted to know if I'm got that right.
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes you're pretty close Andy, your math is pretty close. We've given you all those numbers.
Andrew Feinman - Iridian Asset Management: Okay. So the last comment that I would like to make is to echo Bob Goldberg and to say that the more shares you get now when the price is cheap, because if all your numbers are right, you know, the days of $69 dollar stock are numbered or even $62 stock are numbered. And you have got to make hay while the sun shines, because if you are going to spend $700 million, you're going to get more shares now at this price, which is going to be better for all of us [inaudible] residual earnings per share will go up more for us. So, I would encourage you to... I mean you could sign up with a brokerage firm and get the whole thing done tomorrow and let them take the risk and something like that I think would make sense.
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, Andy, your basic logic is not lost on us of course, and you saw how we have behaved over the last several months. So that's all I can say and all I'll say, but thank you for that advice. I'd appreciate that and you're also showing again the reason why we are not really expecting a recessionary situation to cause us any kind of a slowdown in our activity, because we do have the cash and the debt capacity to work with here.
Andrew Feinman - Iridian Asset Management: I'm sorry that I.... just sort of one last thing I wanted to say. The PET margin that you estimated was low-single digits for this year, and I was only even though I thought it'd get to 10% in the second half, I was only assuming 1% for the full year because of the first half. So really you're going to do better than I thought, because I assume low single digits doesn't necessarily mean 1%.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yes I'm glad to hear that, that's good.
Andrew Feinman - Iridian Asset Management: Am I correct?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: I stand with low single digits, and digits is plural. So, yes.
Andrew Feinman - Iridian Asset Management: All right, thanks.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: All right Greg.
Greg Riddle - Director, Investor Relations: Okay. Thanks again for joining us this morning everybody. An audio replay of this conference call will be available this afternoon through Friday, February 1 and have a great day.
Operator: Once again that does concludes today's call. Again thank you for your participation and have a good day.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory Riddle - IR J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and CEO Richard A. Lorraine - Sr. VP and CFO
Analysts: PrashantJuvekar - Citigroup Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultant Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America Securities Ted Izatt - Bear Stearns Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Robert Goldberg - Scopus Asset Management Gregg Goodnight - UBS Charles Neivert - Morgan Stanley Andrew Feinman - Iridian Asset Management Paul Christopherson - New Vernon Associates
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Eastman Chemical Company Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. This call is being broadcast live on the Eastman's website www.eastman.com. We would now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Riddle of Eastman Chemical Company Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory Riddle - Investor Relations: Okay. Thank you Vicki and good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Brian Ferguson Chairman and CEO; Rich Lorraine, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jennifer Bogni, Manager of Investor Relations. Before we begin let me cover two items. First, during this call you'll hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations for fourth quarter and full year 2007. Actual results could differ materially from our plans and expectations. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the Company's third quarter 2007 financial results news release, on our website and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including the Form 10-Q filed for second quarter 2007 and the Form 10-K to be filed for third quarter 2007. Secondly, our comments today will reference non-GAAP financial measures such as earnings per share and operating earnings that exclude restructuring related items. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and another associated disclosures, including the description of the restructuring related items are available in our third quarter financial results news release and the conference call tables accompanying in the news release. With that I will turn it over to Brian.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi good morning everybody. Thanks for joining us. This morning, I will follow the usual pattern of talking about quarterly highlights at the corporate level, the segment level, the regional level and fourth quarter outlook. I'll wrap up with some gasification comments. But before I get started with all of that I'd like to make a special announcement to everyone, the first item today is to announce that our Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of up to $700 million of Eastman common stock when combined with the $300 million repurchase program that was authorized earlier this year and which we have completed this quarter. The total share repurchase authorization in 2007 is $1 billion. I'd like to give you some thoughts on how we came to think about this, if we look at a timeframe between 2003 and what will be by the end of this year. We will have accumulated approximately $1.5 billion in divesture proceeds over that time. And over that time, we used about a third of that to pay down debt. So the remainder, we are returning to stockholders through the $1 billion in share repurchases authorized this year. This authorization will also allow us to manage our share count down to a level much closer to where it was about five years ago, and it also means that we believe that we can fund our very aggressive growth initiatives with a combination of existing cash and the ongoing cash flows, which we think is a very, very good story. So I wanted to give you that news first before we move on to the regular conversation. So now, I will go on to the corporate highlights. I think it's clear that we remain very focused as a Company on delivering strong performance. Last night, we reported GAAP earnings of $0.24 per share, but this includes asset impairments and restructuring charges related to the pending divestiture of our Latin America PET facilities and accelerated depreciation cost related to restructuring actions. Rich is going to give you all the details about that in his comments, but excluding all of those, our third quarter EPS was $1.26. This is very consistent with the guidance we gave you in July that we would be slightly above the $1.24, excluding items that we reported in last year's third quarter. Our sales revenue at $1.8 billion was down 8% year-over-year, as has been the case pretty much throughout the year, the lower sales revenue comparisons primarily reflect divestitures and other strategic actions we've taken. Excluding all the transitional ethylene sales and divestitures, our revenue was about flat. The operating margin for the quarter, after excluding all the transitional items I mentioned was about 10% and this reflects strong results in 4 out of 5 of our segments, and as I'll talk in a minute, we continue to make progress in the 5th segment which is our PET business. So, turning to the segment highlights, our strong base of businesses consisting of Fibers, CASPI and Specialty Plastic segments is maintaining a very high level of performance, combined they had an operating margin of 16% in the third quarter with operating earnings increasing by $11 million year-over-year, and the strong base of businesses is also being joined by continued strong results from our Performance Chemicals and Intermediates segment. Looking at it by segments starting with Fibers; Fibers operating earnings were a record $66 million in the third quarter of 2007 with an operating margin of 26%. Operating earnings for fibers improved both sequentially and year-over-year. Prices increased to offset higher raw materials and energy costs and competitor outages in the U.S. and Asia contributed to favorable market conditions for acetate tow and acetyl chemicals. With a very strong third quarter and another strong quarter to come in the forth, we expect Fibers' full year 2007 results will be a bit above full year 2006 results. Next is CASPI, where third quarter operating earnings were $58 million and through nine months their operating earnings are higher than a year ago. Their operating margin for the third quarter was 16% through nine months it's 17% and all that is in about the middle of the 15% to 20% range that we have described for them. Sales revenue increased by 5%, excluding the divesture of the ethylene product line. Mostly due to increased prices needed to offset higher raws and energy, particularly propane which is very high right now. Volumes were down, mainly due to the divesture of ethylene product lines in the fourth quarter of last year. Excluding the impact of the ethylene divesture, volumes were down 1%, higher volumes in Europe and Asia were more than offset by lower volumes in North America. So CASPI has seen lower demand in North America due to the downturn in housing and autos. But they have been able to mostly offset this with higher volumes in Europe and Asia and because they sell into a wide variety of diverse markets, and we expect this trend to continue. Although they will be impacted by record high propane costs in the fourth quarter. Turning to Specialty Plastics, their revenue increased 5% as higher selling prices and improved product mix offset slightly lower volumes. The slightly lower volumes were the result of the decline for polyester products used in photographic and optical films and this timeline will last through about the end of the fourth quarter. That decline was mostly offset by copolyester volume growth of 8% as we continue to benefit from our market development efforts. Operating earnings for Specialty Plastics declined year-over-year, mainly due to an increase in research and development spending for our Tritan copolyester. Tritan is the new high temperature copolyester that we launched yesterday, at a trade show in Germany very successfully. We already have a number of customers signed up including CamelBak, Vita-Mix, Carlyle and others and the early response for Tritan has been very, very positive. Specialty Plastics currently has a gross margin of about 25% with revenue growth of about 7% to 8% annually and we expect that to continue. Their operating margin has been in the 7% to 8% range as we have increased expenses and their R&D investments for growth initiatives that they are working on. We are starting to see the benefits of the R&D spend and we remain confident that SPBO will be... Specialty Plastics will be approaching $100 million in operating earnings with a 10% to 15% operating margin by 2009. Next is Performance Chemicals and Intermediates. They continue their string of quarters with operating earnings of $51 million. Revenue was $509 million including $84 million of contract ethylene sales. Excluding the contract ethylene sales, revenue was up 7% and sales volume declined by 1% from very strong levels a year ago. The great results reflect continued strength across the board for its segment Oxos, Resins, Plasticizers and Acetyls and they have also benefited from competitor outages in Acetyls. Looking forward, record propane prices will put pressure on them in the fourth quarter, but they should remain strong in 2008. Now next turning to PET, given that we recently announced we are divesting our PET facilities in Mexico and Argentina, the tables accompanying our news release have broken out results from PET sales in Latin America, excluding accelerated depreciation costs and asset impairments and the restructuring charges. PET sales from North America and European sites had a loss of $3 million in the third quarter of 2007. The $3 million loss was in Europe and that means that North America was approximately breakeven. There are a number of factors leading to the results in North America; we have high end volatile raw material costs, significant supply additions and announcements for additional capacity. We had lack of luster demand and costs from the actions were taking to improve results will be with us through about the second quarter of 2008. So we have made progress in difficult market conditions. We also recognize there is much more work to do and that's why we are taking so many actions to improve the North American business. So let's discuss those starting with the PET facility in South Carolina, we have been able to run our IntegRex facility at very high rates and we will increase capacity to a 150% of nameplate to over 525,000 metric tons of ParaStar PET resin by the end of 2008. We originally estimated that the conversion costs would be 50% below conventional technology, now we have validated that those costs are even lower. And ParaStar resin is widely accepted in the market. Previously, we've mentioned Constar as a ParaStar customer supplying the Pepsi system, Nestle Waters also... is also a very large customer using ParaStar Water resin. Nestle selected ParaStar for its product performance and favorable environmental footprints and they use it in combination with their light weighting efforts to significantly reduce the environmental impact of their water bottles. So I think you can understand why I am just about every level we are very, very pleased with the progress we're making with the IntegRex program. In addition to the IntegRex capacity, we are transforming our South Carolina site with a number of other actions. We are balancing out our intermediates meaning that we are increasing PTA capacity. We are shutting down DMT capacity and we are shedding down some conventional PET capacity and this will all be completed in the second quarter of 2008. Also, by the end of the second quarter in 2008, we will reduce our cost structure by more than $30 million at the site to reflect the changes we made to the asset base. At the end of 2008, we will have reduced our total PET capacity by almost half to approximately 800,000 metric tons all of it based in North America with over 60% based on IntegRex technology. As a result, we anticipate the performance polymer segment which is PET, will go from being our largest segment to our smallest and we will go from being the largest PET producer to the third largest in the Americas. So this certainly changes the way that we all think about this business. When I talk with investors, I often get questions about our strategy beyond these actions, so I would like to make three points. First, IntegRex now has secured its place in the market as the best technology for manufacturing PET period and while we have demonstrated the PET part of the technology in South Carolina, we know that the PTA part of the technology is every bit is impressive and we are looking for opportunities to capture the value of that technology. Second, we're not happy with the typical PET business model, that model of building a big facility and then trying to sell out the plant. Third, we are pursuing the idea that a different business model based on IntegRex could work, but the typical business model is just not an option. Given the current state of the PET industry in North America, it looks to us like it's ready for structural changes including consolidation and rationalizations and as a result we are keeping our options open, looking for ways to create value from our excellent technology and for our excellent business. Now turning to the regions. Looking at our regional performance, I will begin with North America. Third quarter North American revenues declined by 8% mainly due to the divestiture of the polyethylene business. Excluding transitional ethylene sales and sales from divested businesses, North American revenue increase by 1%. Profitability in North America declined, primarily due to lower results in Performance Polymers, CASPI and Specialty Plastics. In Europe, our revenue declined by 6% driven by lower PET volumes due to the divestiture of the Spain site, which was partially offset by volumes in all other segments. Excluding the Spain divestiture, revenue increased by 11% driven by strong volumes particularly for Specialty Plastics, Fibers and CASPI. An important point here, profitability in Europe increased with improvements in CASPI, Fibers and PCI. Year-to-date, our operating earnings in Europe have increased by 35%, compared with the year ago period. The favorable U.S. dollar versus euro exchange rate was a contributor to this improvement. Asia Pacific revenue increased by 7% due to higher selling prices. Operating earnings in Asia increased 60% year-over-year and 56% year-to-date primarily due to cyclical strength in the oxos for the PCI segment. In addition, results were strong for CASPI and Fibers. Lastly, Latin America revenue declined by a whopping 24% year-over-year primarily due to lower volumes for the Performance Polymer segment and due to operational disruptions at the Argentina PET facility. As you may guess, next year after the divestures of the Latin American PET assets, we... the revenue from this region will be much lower. Now for the outlook for the fourth quarter. As usual, we expect demand to decline for most businesses and product lines sequentially due to normal seasonality. We also expect raw material and energy cost to remain volatile in the quarter. As a result, we expect fourth quarter 2007 earnings per share to be similar to fourth quarter 2006 earnings per share of a $1, excluding gains and charges related to strategic decisions in both periods. Let me wrap up with some comments on gasification. This morning, we released a news item announcing that Green Rock is the financial partner in our Beaumont gasification project. Green Rock is a company formed by D.E. Shaw and Goldman Sachs, two very respected names in this space and you may also know that they are also our partners in the Faustina, Louisiana project as well. Eastman and Green Rock will each have 50% equity stake in this project. This is another important milestone for the Beaumont project where we continue to make excellent progress. Going forward, we have a number of additional milestones we are working on. The front end engineering and design process or the feed process which is being provided by Fluor will be completed in the middle of 2008 that gives us more precise estimates of capital costs. After the feed has been completed, we can combine that with the contracts for inputs and outputs that we have negotiated and we expect to obtain non-recourse project financing for the project by the end of '08. So that will allow us to break ground in early 2009 and hopefully start the project online in 2011. So as a reminder the base load products for this facility will be hydrogen, methanol and ammonia. Air Products will purchase the hydrogen, Eastman will purchase the methanol produced by the facility under a long term supply contract and Eastman will also serve as the operations and maintenance provided for this facility. And we expect to sell over 90% of the carbon dioxide produced into the enhanced oil recovery markets in the Gulf Coast. On other projects the Faustina project in which we are also involved is going very well. We continue to make good progress with the research and development of converting methanol to other chemicals of interest to us and we are developing a third gasification project, I will tell you more about when it's appropriate. Some time in the first half of next year, we will give you a much better idea of what these projects will contribute financially, but I will say they are significant. As you can see, we are making great progress towards getting these projects up and running. So with that I'll turn it over to Rich.
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you Brian and good morning everybody. This morning, I will discuss our normal agenda of cash flow, interest expense, I will touch on other income, talk about our tax rate and our overall financial position or net debt. First, like I normally do let me add some color around the restructuring related items. As Brian mentioned, we announced last month that we have entered into definitive agreements to divest our Argentina and Mexico PET facilities. We expect that these transactions will close during the fourth quarter. The cash proceeds for these assets will be $138 million which includes working capital which as in many transactions is subject to some minor adjustment at closing. As a result of these agreements, we incurred asset impairment and restructuring charges in the amount of $117 million or $75 million net of tax in the third quarter. Also, as Brian mentioned, to help you size the revenue and operating earnings impact of the pending divestitures of these sites, we've provided additional information in the conference call tables that accompany the earnings news release. Looking at Europe, we continue to make good progress on the divestiture of the facilities there, and we do not expect to incur material asset impairment and restructuring charges related to this action if any. Brian also described the series of actions we are taking to transform our South Carolina PET site. One of these actions is shutting down our highest cost PET lines and 100,000 metric tons of that shutdown has already been completed. We've incurred $21 million of accelerated depreciation cost at our South Carolina facility through the first nine months related to these actions with $7 million of that being recorded in the third quarter. Looking forward into the fourth quarter, we expect accelerated depreciation cost should be at about that same $7 million level as we work through this transformation. In addition to the actions we are taking in the PET business, as previously announced, we are also shutting down the older higher cost crackers at our long new Texas facility. We shutdown the first of these crackers just this week and we expect to shutdown another in the middle of 2008. As a result of these transactions, we've incurred accelerated depreciation cost of $16 million through the end of the third quarter. In the fourth quarter, we expect to incur additional accelerated depreciation costs at our Texas site. But only about $2 million and that's below the run rate of previous quarters now that that first cracker is down. Next looking at cash flow, our cash flow from operations for the third quarter was $312 million that was driven by our continued strong net earnings and a seasonal reduction in our working capital of about $100 million. Looking into the fourth quarter, we expect continued strong earnings, as Brian discussed, and again we'll pull cash out of working capital in the normal seasonal pattern. So net-net for the year, we expect cash from operations to be approximately $700 million. On uses of cash, our capital expenditures totaled a $148 million for the third quarter and that totals $346 million through nine months. I expect the capital expenditures to be approximately $500 million for the year and that's about $100 million higher than last year. The key drivers of that increase, first of all, we've got a number of capital projects as we continue to improve efficiencies and invest in reliability throughout the Company. Next, the transformation of our PET facility in South Carolina, the commercialization of our new high temperature copolyester Tritan that as Brian said was launched just this week, and also the expansion of the workings in U.K acetate tow facility which is on schedule to be completed in the middle of next year. In addition, it's part of our gasification initiatives, we've exercised and optioned to purchase methanol and ammonia assets along with storage and terminal facilities located in Beaumont taxes from Terra industries. We expect to close that transaction at the end of 2008. The purchase price for these assets will be around $50 million. This fits very well with our Beaumont, Texas gasification project. It gives us a much reduced capital cost as compared to building Greenfield facilities. Looking at our net interest expense, it was $17 million for the quarter and that adds up to $50 million nine months. This is just a bit lower than last year, primarily due to the higher interest income derived from our higher invested cash balances. Looking forward to the full year, we expect our net interest expense to be below $70 million. In other income for the quarter, we recorded a $9 million, compared to an other expense of $1 million in the same period last year. Primary drivers for the higher other income in the third quarter 2007 where net gains on foreign exchange transactions mainly Euro denominated accounts receivable and we had some income from certain venture investments. Our effective tax rate on our normalized earnings for the third quarter and through nine months was approximately 34% which is consistent with our guidance through the year. Again on a full year, we continue to expect the full year effective tax rate to be approximately 34%. Lastly, on net debt, again defined as total borrowings less cash and cash equivalence, at the end of the third quarter we were at $813 million. This is higher than this second quarter by about $125 million and that increase was driven entirely by the $214 million of share repurchases during the quarter. Our financial profile remains strong and we have had net debt of total cap ratio of just under 30%. Our priorities for uses of cash continue to be supporting the dividend and as I say every quarter, we have paid a dividend to the shareholders every quarter since we have been a public company. We will continue to fund our profitable growth initiatives. We have seen our capital spending increase as we continue to make good progress on our growth initiatives with efforts in coal gasification, our new high temperature copolyester Tritan and our fibers in Europe and also our IntegRex. Lastly, we will repurchase shares opportunistically with the recent board authorization to return additional value to stockholders. With that, I will turn it back over to Greg.
Gregory Riddle - Investor Relations: Okay thanks Rich, and that concludes our prepared remarks. Vicki we are ready for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from Prashant Juvekar with Citi.
PrashantJuvekar - Citigroup: Good morning Brian.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning sir, how are you?
PrashantJuvekar - Citigroup: Good, first question on PCI. With oil and propylene moving up, how are oxos doing in Asia. I would imagine that a lot of smaller clients would be unprofitable right now? You have comments on that?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I will make a comment. Remember PCI first of all is about 50% coal based and about 50% olefin derived. So the coal-based stuff is doing great. Your question speaks to the olefin side of the house. The thing we have to remember is that the raw materials are going up like crazy, you are exactly right, whether it's propane for crackers or whether it is propylene. But the derivatives themselves have been fairly tight. The oxo derivatives are not oversupplied and we don't see any big scenario over supply coming in the near future or even into 2008. So that has allowed us to pop up our derivative margins. Now Asia is a little more sensitive, it fluctuates more than the others but worldwide oxo has held up pretty down well.
PrashantJuvekar - Citigroup: Right, no, my question was do you believe that Asian plants are going to be unprofitable now?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We have been doing well in the Asian plant this year. It has a history of not doing so well in the past and it did... we are in the cyclical peak right now. So it's I mean... down the road it doesn't do as well as its doing now but we are enjoying a lot.
PrashantJuvekar - Citigroup: I am sorry not your plant but your competitor the smaller players in Asia maybe in China.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Oh! I done have a good comment for you on that competitive position of those folks. I think if they are buying raws outside our formula... if you are buying its spot they are hurting. We have a formula that has affords us some protection, but even that formula has a lot of volatility and because it tracks some of the major underlying components that move around.
PrashantJuvekar - Citigroup: Okay. And the second question on Specialty Plastics you have this goal of 10% to 15% operating margins.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
PrashantJuvekar - Citigroup: Well currently you are closer to about half of that.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
PrashantJuvekar - Citigroup: So the question is how much of your existing PET capacity is now converted into copolyester. And just sort of outline steps for us, how do you get there?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Its really an easy answer, that's why I gave you the gross margin information. The gross margin for Specialty Plastics is 25%. All we got to do is get their SG&A and R&D down to something at below 15% and they are making the margin that we set. The appropriate overhead load for this business probably is between 10% and 15% overtime, which would make it about twice what the load is for the whole company. Right now it's running above that just because we have been investing in the growth of all the other products. So this is under our control PJ. We ratchet back some of the spending that we have been using on launching and commercializing and we just like the gross margin carry today. The gross margin is strong.
PrashantJuvekar - Citigroup: Okay and how much of that existing PET capacity is now converted into copolyester?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:
15%,:
Gregory Riddle - Investor Relations: I am sorry 50,000 metric tons.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, Greg was trying to whisper to me that 50,000 metric tons is on the way here.
PrashantJuvekar - Citigroup: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from Mike Judd with Greenwich Consultant.
Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultant: Yes a question about your methanol business, I guess it is coal based. Obviously methanol prices are way up here. Is there any arbitrage opportunities here, may be selling a little bit more methanol into the market and how do you manage your mix products here given through that unusual dynamic. And evidently according to Methanex the issues around methanol supplier continue well into next year. And then secondly, I just had a question about the, that other income line again with the foreign exchange, should we expect a similar or may be even a bit larger dig here for the December quarter?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay Mike I need to make sure I clarify and get the answer that you want. Are you talking about methanol today or methanol in the future?
Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultant: Well I mean methanol prices are obviously up significantly today.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You are talking about today. Mike mostly we make methanol for primarily, for internal use. It is towards the intermediate that we pass through on the way to acetic gas and acetic acid and acetic anhydride and other products. We are not in the methanol market out there and its... we are not... the answer is no, we are not going to try to play some kind of arbitrage or move intermediates out there into that world. We need the material internally and we add a lot of value to material internally. In the future now, of course we will be watching that carefully because we are going to have a whole lot more methanol than we have now. On the other income, Rich needs to answer that.
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, the gain we reported was primarily driven by the strengthening of the Euro against our accounts receivable. The only way we could duplicate that would be of the euro strengthened further during the quarter against our receivables and then we'd have another gain. I'm certainly not in a position to know what these all be by the end of the year but again if it continues to strengthen we'll have an additional gain.
Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultant: kay and then just secondly, on PET, thank you for providing the detail to us so that we can kind of back out the Latin American plants, but is the implication there though that the business looks like continue operating at a loss even with the sale of those particular assets, is that sort of the right influence at least in the near term?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, it is and that's the combination of things. First of all, we are not dealt with the European side of this equation yet and that's still in there. We have all of that, expense that we're going through is tearing up South Carolina to make it leaner and switching materials. So all of that friction is using up some money. It will be a modest number but it will still be rocky between now and the middle of '08 that's why we keep on putting on the benchmark out there in the middle of '08. All of this heat and friction to fix it. It is going on between now and then and that after that is when you get to see the improvements.
Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultant: Thanks for the help.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Frank Mitsch with BB&T Capital Markets.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Good morning gentlemen.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Frank.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Good thing I got in when I did... you guys started out the call with a bang, can you talk a little bit of the timing of that. I mean you ripped through the first $300 million fairly quickly. Is 700 going to be equally as fast?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'm looking at my CFO here; I think we are going to be opportunistic on this as we were Frank. That's timing of using the first 300 have something to do with what's going on in the markets. We saw some great buying opportunities and Rich being a shrewd guy with money jumped in there and took his opportunities. It's going to be a same thing in the future and in higher numbers we are going to be less interested in lower numbers, we are going to be more interested and we will just see what the markets do.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: All right I mean obviously at 60, if you bought a whole bunch back at 65 obviously your buyers as soon as this call is completed. Can you talk a little bit more about the PET business, Brian? I think you talked a little bit about consolidation and rationalization in North America. Can you talk a little bit about that and also Wellman announced a lawsuit on IntegRex, can you talk a little bit about that as well?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, let me start with the lawsuits. The... we usually don't comment on pending litigation, but as you know we are the market leader in PET. We have introduced this IntegRex process, which is a game changing technology that could be viewed as being threatening to a lot of people. I have to tell you this is supported by a very broad portfolio of R&D extensive research and development. We understand and know everything about the patents were all that exists out there and it doesn't surprise us as some people would want to challenge it, but we consider the pending claim to be without merit and we will defend it vigorously. And going back to the PET structure comment, starting with our situation, I have to point out that we started this year with about 1.5 million tons of PET. By the time, we get to the end of 2008; we will have removed from our portfolio 80% of that conventional PET. We will have taken out over 1.2 million tons of conventional PET and we will have added IntegRex capacity, but even with adding the IntegRex capacity, well we have to size with about 60% IntegRex. So we are feeling good about the position that we will have, in that changing marketplace. We look around and we see all the announcements. We see us slowing, some frankly and somewhat slowing demand picture in North America. We use to think of North American demands growth being about 250,000 tons. We think it's more like 200,000 tons these days and we look at the cost pressures, the global cost pressures in the new entrance that bring the materials from North America. This just looks and if I also throw in the supplier power for the raw materials guys and the buying power of the big brand owners. This is an industry, which is right for structure change. We have a great technology. We are watching as this structure changes slowing around us and we are looking for ways to capture value as it goes on.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: All right, fair enough. And then lastly, you referenced propane cost rather high. Can you talk about the calculation between higher raw materials and the price increases that you are putting in place to offset that. How should we think about that?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We are going to be a little bit stressed, but we gave you our guidance for the quarter, which would tell you that is not an undo stress. We are fairly fortunate that the derivatives that we sell in are fairly tight. And so that gives you some ability to pass on prices, but there is always a lag there, Frank, the raw material guys can go up fast which takes... our inertia in pricing is always a little slower then that but I think our fourth quarter guidance gives you a sense of how we are feeling about that its stressed but its not undo stress.
Frank Mitsch - BB&T Capital Markets: Terrific, thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come form Banc of America's Kevin McCarthy
Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: Yes good morning
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: Brian, you mentioned the elevated R&D spend in SPO for the Tritan project. Is there an inflection point coming where that spend will diminish and we can expect margin advancement towards your double digit goal?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, and it's somewhere between the end of this year and about the middle of next year. I keep on doing this to you, I keep pushing it toward the middle of next year, but that's really where a lot of these things start to trail off and come due ahead. But it's somewhere between the end of this year and the middle of next year, it starts to trail off and we start yanking back on some of those expenditures plus they have some margin expansion. I need to point out that the sale assessors are going to LCDs, are growing like gangbusters, they are doubling every year or two in terms of their volumes. The copolyesters are growing at over 8% a year and this new material looks like a winner. So all of that starts to come into play somewhere next year, somewhere next year basically.
Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: Okay. And it sounds like maybe a year or two from now, you might be getting far fewer Wall Street analyst questions on your PET business, but once you are still in it, I have a couple for you. As you exit these international assets should we anticipate anything meaningful in the way of stranded costs in that business?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We've given all the big lead balloons around write-offs and things like that are basically done with this announcement in this quarter. I think the next time we don't expect any significant restructuring or write-offs or anything, Rich, you want to make any comments?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, I would just say that what you're thinking, we're going to reduce and eliminate the vast majority of the costs, the other pockets surrounding those plants. So going forward, I think you'll see it more, you will see that stability.
Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: And then on the lackluster demand that you referenced Brian, can you comment on little bit on what's causing that. Is that just simple, maturing of the market and given that circumstance, do you think it's still reasonable to expect your double-digit margin go in that business I would presume?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: First of all, as far as our business expectations, as we mentioned, we are taking this plant that we invested in and we are going to be increasing it by 50%. We are taking out 80% of the oil capacity, we are switching to lower cost materials and we are doing a lot of things to improve the existing business. But demand has been little bit soft this year. The customers have reduced some inventories, water growth has slowed a little bit and that's why we think that the demand growth is closer to 200,000 tons then 250. Don't know if that's a long term trend or not, that's just what we have seen.
Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Then finally, in table 2D of your release I think you have some volume numbers in there by region, however they do include the divestitures as far I understand, not sure if you have any handy or maybe we can follow up on, but I will be curious to know what the underlying unit volume numbers might be for these parts of the world?
Gregory Riddle - Investor Relations: Yes Kevin, I think Brian mentioned a few of those numbers in his prepared comments so I will be happy after this call to run through.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: In terms of sales dollar but not volume.
Gregory Riddle - Investor Relations: Some volume numbers.
Kevin McCarthy - Banc of America Securities: Yes, I was interested in getting up to demand numbers, but I'll surely get back thanks.
Gregory Riddle - Investor Relations: Yes.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ted Izatt with Bear Stearns.
Ted Izatt - Bear Stearns: Yes, hi good morning congratulations on your earnings.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Ted Izatt - Bear Stearns: I have a question on the share repurchase well really the questions is on your balance sheet. Would you use new debt to fund the $700 million if you do it this year?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No we have more then enough cash on hand and coming proceeds from divestures to handle it completely out of cash.
Ted Izatt - Bear Stearns: Okay. So there is no expectation of any debt out bond market offerings or anything?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, it is not.
Ted Izatt - Bear Stearns: Okay, thank you.
Operator: : We will now have one from J.P. Morgan, Jeff Zekauskas.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: Hi good morning.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Jeff.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: A few things, the Fibers' earnings were up very significantly versus the second quarter, in fact they were up so much they almost equaled the sales, the sequential sales gain and in you sensed for the year that you expected the business to be a little bit better than last year. So I guess that means we're going to go down into the low 50s in terms of operating income in the fourth quarter. So can you explain this volatility? How do you go from sort of 50 to 66 back to 50 again?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It has to do with order preference, to only clarify we're saying that this year's going to be a bit above last year.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: Yes, yes.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And we're going to quantify exactly what a bid is, of course. The order patterns, these are large customers that especially in other parts of the world where they place large orders, load up on inventory, run it down and then wait to look for opportunity to place other large orders and that's why I coined the phrase 'chunky' some years ago and some days its chunky good and some days its chunky bad but it all kind of goes along in a pattern, on an annual basis but looks about the way we have described it. So that's the best I can describe it to you. We're used to it and we try to get you guys used to it, so that you don't either panic or become overjoyed alternately.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: Second, I would imagine that the squeezing CASPI from higher propylene costs or propane costs is a little bit more difficult to handle, I would think that the prices for the CASPI product line would be a little stickier in the market. So is that an area where you are a little bit more worried about raw material squeeze?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure any of the specialty, whether it is paraxylene and especially plastics business or whether it's a raw materials and CASPI, those orders exactly as you described the prices are driven more by functionality then they are about cost plus so you have to figure out ways to deal with that and again without breaking it down any kind of detail for you we gave you a outlook and we think that there is some squeeze, therefore we think we are okay.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: Lastly about the opportunistic share repurchases, first I can see Eastman's price has been relatively stable this year and so I don't know why last quarter was any more opportunistic then any other quarter. So can you give us a better idea of the timing of execution of the $700 million in there that you intend to spend for share repurchase because I mean Eastman's price is been around here for the last three years so does that mean you are going to execute it really quickly or is there some other factor.
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Jeff, we saw some prices bouncing around in the months previous week we got some shares in the 63s for example but looking forward again I don't foresee a big rush into the market I think we will place ourselves and keep drive powder and the opportunistic depending on the ups and down in the marketplace. So I guess the only clear message I can send is we are not in a huge hurry to go out and spend the $700 million and that would be just going to be very measured.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: Well if the price say fluctuated between 60 and 64 over the next 12 months how many shares would you buy?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I can't answer that very specifically but if the price fluctuated down to 60 I am in the market.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: Okay, good. Thank you very much.
Operator: Moving on, we'll hear from Scopus Asset Management's, Bob Goldberg.
Robert Goldberg - Scopus Asset Management: Good morning.
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Bob.
Robert Goldberg - Scopus Asset Management: Could you update us on where you stand in terms of divesting the European PET assets?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I mean I will be very brief just let you know that we've been very active and we feel like we are getting close to the final announcements and I can just say stay tuned we are working very hard on it.
Robert Goldberg - Scopus Asset Management: And a follow up question to that. Brian if you look at the analyst earnings models I am sure you spend a lot of your time on. They all have PET business, performance polymers either being around breakeven or losing money in 2008. Despite the fact that if you go through your earnings release it looks like you are relatively flat in North America now losing $3 million, I believe, in Europe and $4 million in Latin America which is going away. So you are almost back to breakeven on a run rate basis not quite but almost especially if you divest the European assets in the timely fashion. So the question is what's the reasonable expectation given all the measures you are taking into next year for performance polymers business in 2008?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes we are about three months early in giving the model for 2008 but my first answer will be it's not zero. We're taking these actions to move us being back into the black and that's why we do these things. We expect when we get done its going to be well into the black. We have given you some parameters and where we think its going to go and we still believe that. So we think... I guess I would judge that those numbers that look at us as being zero going forward are light. I am not going to give anything more than that right now, Bob. We're two months away from giving you views of 2008.
Robert Goldberg - Scopus Asset Management: Right okay, I appreciate it. Thanks.
Operator: Next question will come from Gregg Goodnight with UBS.
Gregg Goodnight - UBS: Good morning all.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Gregg Goodnight - UBS: You mentioned several times about the high cost of propylene, would this justify an acceleration of your initiative to MTP process to make propylene from Methanol?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I am not going to comment on what we're going to... the derivatives from coal gasification. We're still working on our derivative portfolio for coal gasification. There is a lot of reasons why we don't want to talk about that. But just to answer your general question this is an energy related play that we are doing. These low cost hydrocarbons are all about trying to play the arbitrage against other hydrocarbons that have higher cost, and that's true of all of them. How... whether it's, whether if they propylene derivative or whether it's coal related derivative we're going... you've got the right idea, that these high cost things can be attacked, but we're not going to comment on any of those choices right now.
Gregg Goodnight - UBS: Okay. Conceptually though I should be thinking of 2012 to 14 in that range, or later?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we would like to get them up as quick as possible. We have hopes of timings at least one of these close to the start up of the Texas project, but it's an R&D project you can't burst those things any faster than they have their natural way to go. So, yes that's probably a good yes for you.
Gregg Goodnight - UBS: Okay. I look forward to your additional information on coal gasification projects which you mentioned is coming, just one question, would you characterize the CO2 market at the tertiary well process. In a formal call you mentioned that if there's value in being a first end is that an under supply market over supplied market, what is the value and use of the CO2 that you would supply?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes good question, down there on the Golf Coast as we all know for as many years as anybody can remember. They have even drilling holes to pull out oil. There really is not of a man made CO2 supply down there actually. The CO2 supply has come up from Northwest Texas and Oklahoma, they have natural supplies there, but that's not easily transported. I guess my point is there are whole lot of holes that are right for secondary recovery, enhanced oil recovery and this is a rapidly growing market in the Gulf Coast. So as an early entrant, we think there is a lot of opportunity to move this product and that's its... that allows us to move to sequester the CO2, which is already fairly easily captured by us. I mean when you kind of talk about the world of CO2 there is two problems, the carbon captures usually a big problem for a lot of people because we make chemicals instead of power. We get to capture it more easily than other folks might and then the question of sequestering is the next problem people have to face by being on the Gulf Coast with all those depleted oil wells down there. There is a lots of places to put the CO2 and I think I don't know if I am talking out of school [ph] here but I think we estimated that the two projects that we are in would generate something like 10 million barrels a year of oil just because of the ability of the CO2 to enhance the oil recovery.
Gregg Goodnight - UBS: Fantastic, I appreciate the comment.
Operator: Our next question will come from Morgan Stanley's, Charles Neivert.
Charles Neivert - Morgan Stanley: Hi guys, how are you?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well how are you?
Charles Neivert - Morgan Stanley: Good, I just want to ask you in getting the additional PET capacity that you got out of the IntegRex operation, you have talked about an initial stand something over a $100 million pretty indefinite but how much more was spent to get the additional piece that you got and sort of at the margin how did you add that 50 odd percent?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We don't reveal that but it's a modest number relative to the first number. It's the typical... Charlie you have been in the business long time you know de-bottlenecks are a fraction of the initial costs. This is not different, same thing. This is really in many ways not fully appreciating the size of what we had built. When you are building a brand new technology you put in all these extra... in case this happens, in case this happens kinds of allowances. As it turns out this critter was able to generate a lot of pounds that we hadn't anticipated and there are certain bottlenecks that you move of out of the ways which you concede it so that you can process things and it's a modest amount of money.
Charles Neivert - Morgan Stanley: I mean could you classify at least some proportion of this more like an accelerated capacity creep as opposed with de-bottlenecking or was it more de-bottle?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It is more of a de-bottleneck. It is certainly less than 50%, so put it that way.
Charles Neivert - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Next we will hear Andrew Feinman with Iridian Asset Management.
Andrew Feinman - Iridian Asset Management: Thanks, first I would just like to commend your board for making the decision on buying back stock. I think that it demonstrates their conviction and belief in the investments that you are making and it is not just... I should not think of it as returning cash to shareholders, I should think of it as investing in the future growth of the Company because it will make every share worth more, so.
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'll pass that on to them Andy, thanks for the comment.
Andrew Feinman - Iridian Asset Management: Can you tell me... first of all, I assume that the receivables off balance sheet there is still about $200 million?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That is correct.
Andrew Feinman - Iridian Asset Management: Okay. And the Green Rock announcement, is that different than who you might have thought it was going to be a few weeks ago or is that kind of what you were expecting all along?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No this is not different we've been working with these folks for quite some time. They are the partner that we have become comfortable within the Faustina project which we've been working on for quite sometime and the only reason we were delaying the announcement here is we wanted to ink the agreement between us and agreements take a lot of the hammer out but they are very capable, knowledgeable group. They understand what they're investing in. They have a history of investing in basic assets like this. They are motivated similarly to us. I would think they're going to be a very good partner and now we have one partner for two projects. So we don't have to try to understand two partners, we can understand one two times.
Andrew Feinman - Iridian Asset Management: Okay. And I wonder if you would be willing to tell me what the net book value of the European PET business is?
Richard A. Lorraine - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Andy this is Rich, when we get to the end of that process, we'll certainly inform you and everyone else what the net results are. I would like to leave it at that.
Andrew Feinman - Iridian Asset Management: Okay. And then the last thing just because I sleep better at night when I hear it and I haven't heard it yet on this call was 10% in the second half of '08. Are we still thinking along those lines if we're still in the business?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes Andy. This is going to be much, much better business. You're going to be, if not on that number in the neighborhood of that number. I think this is one of those things that again we're doing different things at different times. We're doing part of the transformation in the middle of '08. At the end of '08, remember we're picking up this IntegRex facility 50%. So I feel even better about '09 than I feel about the end of '08. But yes, I am not trying to crawfish on the number.
Andrew Feinman - Iridian Asset Management: Thank you.
Gregory Riddle - Investor Relations: Let's make the next question the last one please.
Operator: : Okay with that being said, we'll take our last question from Paul Christopherson with New Vernon Associates.
Paul Christopherson - New Vernon Associates: Hi thank you. I know it might be historic, but there is a possibility that in the fourth quarter there are going to be some pretty big sequential cost increases not just in propylene but in paraxylene and ethylene glycol. I mean this could be a big cost quarter. Do you include that in your fourth quarter outlook?
J. Brian Ferguson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes absolutely.
Paul Christopherson - New Vernon Associates: Thank you.
Operator: At this time, I will turn the conference back over for any additional or closing remarks.
Gregory Riddle - Investor Relations: Okay, thanks again everyone for joining us this morning. An audio replay of this conference call will be available this afternoon through Friday, November 2nd. Have a great day.
Operator: And that does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you all for joining have a wonderful day.
